nm0002465:

 Double Dose of Terror!! (2011)Summaries Dose number one - two men go to a bowling tournament but one of the two has just killed his wife. Dose number two - pair of cousins follow their Gram Paps' passion for Halloween who gives a new meaning to trick or treat. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bebe's Kids (1992)55) To impress his new girlfriend, a man agrees to look after her friend's kids, only to find that they are uncontrollably rambunctious. Robin Harris recounting his disastrous first date with the beautiful girl named Jamika. Tagging along for the date are Jamika's mild-mannered son Leon and Jamika's friend Bebe's three rude, crude, and obnoxious kids to a theme park called Fun World. Chaos ensues when Bebe's kids enter the theme park with adventures including being chased by a group of government agents, destroying the Titanic, and being on trial. Also causing trouble when a first date turns sour due to interference by Harris' alimony-demanding ex-wife Dorthea and her best friend Vivian. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When Robin meets the lovely Jamika he thinks he's in heaven. But when he meets her friend Bebe's children, whom she is looking after, he knows he's in hell. Bebe's kids are the most obnoxious, irritating, pain in the butt kids he has ever met. Brian W Martz <B.Martz@Genie.com> Robin Harris tries to impress his new girlfriend Jamika by taking her and her son Leon to Fun World. What he doesn't know is that he has to take Jamika's friend Bebe's kids LaShawn, Kahill, and Pee-Wee which these kids are uncontrollably rambunctionous. Corey Semple <HilaryDuff205@hotmail.com> In the first made-for-black-people animated film, bachelor Robin Harris falls head over heels for Jamika who has a son, Leon. The following weekend, Robin brings Jamika, Leon, and Jamika's friend Bebe's three rude, crude, and obnoxious kids to Fun World. Chaos ensues when Bebe's kids! enter the theme park with adventures including being chased by a group of government agents, destroying the Titanic, and being on trial. Meanwhile, while Robin and Jamika are getting together, Robin's ex-wife Dorothea is attempting to ruin their relationship. Alex Madison <MichaelJacksonLover> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Return in Red (2007 Video)Summaries Certain electromagnetic frequencies can cause mental disruption in human beings... and now someone has decided to put that to the test on the people of a small town. Used as guinea pigs, the citizens find their lives turned upside down in a terrifying nightmare that will haunt your mind long after the chilling climax. Image Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Freak (1999)Summaries An orderly from a mental hospital transports a boy (who kills his mother in the opening scene of the movie) to another institution. The boy escapes, and runs into two sisters who are moving across country. He kidnaps the younger sister, and takes her to his old house where he grew up. The orderly and older sister group up, and try to find the little girl before it is too late. John Murdock <renter@earthlink.net> Twenty-five years ago the horror began, deformed and hideous. Now it is about to start all over again, this time even more frightening and blood-thirsty - and uglier! A homicidal monstrosity has just broken out of a maximum security mental asylum for the criminally insane, and nothing can prepare the surrounding countryside for the bone-crushing brutality of his rampage. Into this waking nightmare come sisters Staci and Jodi, innocently passing through town, and Jason, the asylum van driver responsible for unleashing the freak. Amidst all the killings, they could not possibly imagine the unspeakable terror and madness in store for them as they now become the hunted. Fighting for their lives, they end up at the freak's abandoned childhood home for the final confrontation - and he has a lot of gruesome memories to fuel his insane bloodlust. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 