nm0005210:

 Tomorrowland (2015)651) Bound by a shared destiny, a teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor embark on a mission to unearth the secrets of a place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory. Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures In order to save our world from danger, a curious teenage girl with a high interest in science, and a former genius inventor embark on an adventure packed journey filled with evil machines, robots and, a technology paradise known as, "Tomorrowland"! Casey Newton is a genius who dreams of one day going up into space. She's sure she'll get her chance because her father works at the NASA launch center at Cape Canaveral. But when the place is being closed down, Casey sneaks in and tries to stop them from doing that by sabotaging the equipment. She is caught and thrown in jail, when she's released and her personal effects are given to her, among them is a pin which she says is not hers. When she touches it, she finds in a futuristic city. When the pin runs out of energy, she wants to go back so she finds online someone who might know something about it. She goes there and when she talks to the people there, they ask her who gave it to her. When she says she doesn't know, they don't believe her and refuse to let her leave. Eventually they reveal themselves to be armed with advanced weapons. They try to shoot her but someone saves her and she discovers the ones who attacked her are robots. The one who saved her introduces herself as Athena. She says that Casey needs to help save the future. She takes Casey to meet a man named Frank Walker. When she sees him, he refuses to help. But when they are attacked by more robots, they try to go to the place she saw. rcs0411@yahoo.com When a scientifically minded teenager (Britt Robertson) discovers a technologically advanced trinket that provides an astounding glimpse of the future, she enlists the help of a reclusive inventor (George Clooney) to make "Tomorrowland" a reality today.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Frank Walker (George Clooney) is talking to an unseen audience about the future when a female voice interrupts him, tell him that his wording is a touch 'bleak.' When the female asks him to think back to when he thought of the future as an optimistic place, he talks about when he went to the 1964 World's Fair in New York City as a child. Young Frank (Thomas Robinson) eagerly enters the Hall of Inventions carrying a very large duffle bag containing his invention: a jet pack he made. Though the judge David Nix (Hugh Laurie) does not show much enthusiasm for the device (which Frank admits doesn't work properly), a little girl named Athena (Raffey Cassidy) seems to think Frank's invention has potential. Outside the hall, Athena catches up with Frank. Giving him a small pin, she requests that he follow her behind a small group. The group also includes Mr Nix, and some guests of his. Putting on the pin, Frank follows the group to the "It's a Small World" attraction, where Frank bypasses the line and boards one of the boats by himself. During the ride, a laser scans his pin, and he's suddenly plunged down a secret chute, underneath the ride. The boat Frank is on then pulls up at a small transport station. After a disorienting ride, Frank finds himself on a foggy platform, but sees a strange flying vehicle taking off nearby, with Athena waving to him. Frank attempts to follow, but finds himself on the edge of a platform. Suddenly, construction robots arise, creating new structures, but knocking Frank down to a lower level. As his jetpack clatters to the platform, a robot nearby suddenly grabs it. Frank fights to get back his invention, but he is surprised when the huge automaton fixes it. However, Frank inadvertently falls from this platform as well, but upon igniting his jetpack, he finds himself soaring amid a gleaming white cityscape unlike anything he's ever seen before. Eventually, he sees Athena and the others, and touches down right in front of Mr Nix...who only seems mildly amused that Frank's invention can actually fly. Even so, Athena gives the young boy a reaffirming smile. Frank then becomes pessimistic again, when the female voice interrupts that he's seeming negative again. When Frank asks if the unnamed voice would like to take over telling the story, it obliges. We are then introduced to Casey Newton (Britt Robertson), who happily proclaims she's 'an optimist.' After a brief glimpse of a young Casey naming stars in the night sky, we cut to the modern day. Late one evening, Casey surreptitiously enters a Cape Canaveral, Florida NASA launch pad that is being demolished. She sabotages three construction cranes. When she returns home, her dad tells her 'the end' of the space shuttle's former launch site is inevitable. Casey still feels she's contributing something with trying to slow down the deconstruction. Unseen by Casey, a dark figure trails her from the NASA site to her home, and quietly slips a small pin into her helmet, dangling from her motorcycle handlebar. The next day, her father Eddie (Tim McGraw) laments how even though he's a NASA engineer, there's very little hope for him to do anything useful. Ever the Optimist, Casey reminds him of the metaphor of two wolves: light and hope, darkness and despair. In the end, as Eddie told Casey, the one who will win, is the one you feed. Casey goes to school, but becomes a bother in all her classes. Her teachers tell of nuclear annihilation, planetary meltdown, and governmental collapse, but Casey just wants to know one thing: "how can we fix it?" However, this question receives no answers. After hearing word that NASA has brought in working equipment from Orlando to continue disassembling the platform, Casey goes out to stop them, but is caught by NASA security. After her father bails her out of jail, Casey collects her things, but is surprised to find a small pin with the letter "T" on it. Picking it up, she is surprised when it seems to transport her to an endless field of wheat, with a futuristic city off in the distance. On the ride home, Casey attempts to show the pin to her father, but when Eddie touches it, nothing happens. Later on that evening, Casey sneaks out of the house, and bicycles to a large field. Touching the pin this time, she finds herself in the center of a dazzling futuristic city, with jetpacks and hovertrains. She also becomes enamored seeing a rocket launch station, and follows a group of space travelers...before the pin suddenly runs out of power, and she finds herself having wandered waist-deep into a lake. Waking up her little brother Nate (Pierce Gagnon), she asks him for help trying to find another pin on the Internet. Their search takes them to a website of Blast From The Past, a store in Houston, Texas. Strangely, they only have a street address, but don't list an email or phone number. Casey tells Nate to cover for her while she takes a bus to Houston to talk to the store owners. The next day, Athena sees Nate in front of their home who asks to see Casey. When Nate attempts to tell Athena that Casey is away, she claims he's lying, and asks where she "really" is. Arriving at Blast From The Past, Casey meets the store owners, Ursula (Kathryn Hahn), and Hugo (Keegan-Michael Key). They tell her that the pin supposedly was a key to showing a world created by some of the greatests geniuses in history, who called themselves Plus Ultra. When the two press Casey for more information on where she got the pin, her claims that she just 'found it' cause the two to get upset. Things take a turn for the strange when the two grab two actual-working laser guns, and attempt to kill her. Casey is saved when Athena appears, stopping the two in their tracks with a time-bomb (a device that stops time temporarily in a 15 foot radius). As the two get free, Casey and Athena fight them, with Athena pulling off Ursula's head, and Hugo being skewered. Both Casey and Athena rush out of the store before Hugo self-destructs, with the small girl then breaking into a car, and allowing the two of them to get away. In the car, Athena tells Casey that the two people they encountered, were Audio-Animatronic figures, and it was she (Athena) who gave Casey the pin. However, the fight has damaged Athena, and Casey panics when she realizes that the little girl is also a robot! Casey attempts to flee with Athena giving chase...but not before a truck slams into the small robot; Casey uses the opportunity to take the truck, but Athena quickly recovers, and chases after Casey, managing to catch up to her' Athena claims she is from the place Casey saw when she touched the pin (which happened to be her last one.), but it may not be there much longer. After a small discussion, Casey is willing to accept that Athena will not harm her. Athena wishes them to drive to Pittsfield, New York, to meet a man named Frank Walker. Back in Houston, Police are combing through the wreckage of the store, when a black van pulls up, and several people get out, led by a smiling man who calls himself Dave Clark (Matthew MacCaull). When one of the officers finds the charred remains of Ursula's head, Dave pulls out a device that disintegrates the nearby officers. Once they are done away with, he informs the other members of his party to contact Governor Nix. Eventually, driving all-night wears Casey out, and she relinquishes the driving duties to Athena...only to awaken on the side of a road, with Athena driving away! Seeing a mailbox nearby with the name "Walker" on it, she ignores the no trespassing sign and comes onto the property. She soon encounters a barking dog, but upon seeing it leaving no paw prints in the dirt, finds that it is simply a realistic hologram. Going to the front door, a man on the other side tells Casey to leave. When she demands to be taken to the place the pin showed, a concussive blast sends her flying backward, and Frank emerges. While she pleads to be taken to the place she saw, Frank tells her it doesn't actually exist. What she saw was a 'commercial' for this place, and they threw him out, and sealed off all ways to get back in. Frank once again tells Casey to leave, but she refuses to. As day turns to night, Casey notices a number of cables leading from the main house, and finds they are all attached to an array of antennas and satellite dishes. Setting a nearby tractor on fire, Casey gets Frank to leave the house, and get inside. Frank manages to put out the fire, but Casey refuses to let him back in until he takes her where she wants to go. Exploring the house, she finds some futuristic-looking devices, and a room showing numerous world and political turmoil, along with a countdown clock, and a 'probability' detector. Frank manages to get back in the house, and attempts to get Casey to leave once again, but she demands to know what she has just been witness to. When Frank realizes she won't just leave, he posits a question: "What if I could tell you the exact day you would die?" Casey claims she'd naturally want to know, but then if she did find out, she wouldn't believe it, and would try to find some way to change the future. Suddenly, the monitors behind her all flicker, and the probability numbers drop by the smallest percentage...but it's still enough to make Frank take notice. Suddenly, sensors indicate intruders, and a black van with dark-suited figures is seen. Frank attempts to fortify his house, but the intruders break in, revealing they are audio-animatronic figures. Frank manages to grab some things and stuff them in a bag, before he and Casey get into a bathtub, which rockets them out of the house as the former inventor self-destructs his birthplace. The tub lands in a nearby pond, and Casey and Frank emerge to find Athena in a truck nearby. The group begins to drive away from the house, but Frank quickly gets into a small argument with Athena. Athena ends up taking them to a television station, hoping Frank can take them to "The Spectacle." Frank at first refuses, but finally relents, willing to accompany them. Leading them into a utility shack, he reveals a secret underground entrance, wherein lies a teleportation machine. As he covers Casey's eyes and ears as part of the teleportation procedure, Frank asks why Athena chose someone like Casey. "Because she hasn't given up," the small automaton replies. In a matter of moments, the three are transported to their new location: atop the Eiffel Tower, in Paris, France. After subduing a guard, the group find their way into a small room, wherein are figures of Thomas Edison, Gustave Eiffel, Jules Verne, and Nicola Tesla. Frank claims that the Eiffel tower functions as an antenna, and a secret gateway the men made, as an emergency entrance to reach their secret city. Frank reveals an Edison Tube, that when put on a phonograph, opens a secret entrance. As the group watches, the tower splits in two, becoming a gantry, and a rocketship emerges from a compartment beneath the ground. Getting into the rocket, the three find French robots also attempting to stop them. However, the rocket blasts off before they can get to the three. After breaking free of Earth's gravity, the main compartment of the rocket flips around, and hurtles back towards Earth, breaking through into another dimension. The three emerge near the rocket area that Casey saw in the commercial, only it's desolate and deserted. Seeing a group of vehicles approach, Frank hands Athena a small device: a 1-kiloton bomb the size of a small ball, that she hides in a compartment inside herself. Frank claims they may need it for leverage. As the group watches, a hover train arrives, and Governor Nix emerges, looking just as he did when Frank first met him. Nix exchanges some short 'pleasantries' with Frank and Athena, and is then introduced to Casey. It is here that Frank explains about the probability blip he saw, feeling she can change things. The group then heads to a central tower, with a giant sphere nearby, sending energy into it. A platform transports the group up, with tachyons bathing the group, showing glimpses of things several moments in the future. As the platform rises into the sphere, a globe rises up on a pedestal in the center of the room. Frank shows Casey that it can take people in and out of places, and go backwards and forwards in time, showing people the Earth. Casey tests it out, and Nix is surprised how quickly she adapts to using it. Zeroing in on the NASA landing platform, Casey pushes into the future, but is surprised when the image becomes fuzzy. Pushing forward, she sees fire and smoke. Going over the globe, she sees other things: cities being destroyed, tornadoes and freak thunderstorms, before seeing her family's home underwater. Frank claims that what they see is said to be coming in a month's time or less. Casey is angered as to why Nix hasn't told anyone on Earth about what will happen, but Nix shows no reason to be concerned: what will happen will happen on Earth. The city will survive. When this prompts Casey to ask why Nix doesn't allow those on Earth to come to the city, he counters that there is too great of a risk for humans to destroy it, just like the Earth. Casey then shows her optimism by refusing to give in to what the machine has shown them, when suddenly, the panoramic view brightens, and the environment looks normal. Frank eagerly tells Nix that he has witnessed what he was talking about, but the Governor taps Frank with a device, knocking him out. Frank awakens in a confined room, with Athena and Casey nearby. Athena tells Frank he is once again to be banished, with Casey upset that Frank didn't tell her about the impending end of the world. Frank tells Case that he knows she's 'special,' but her optimism seems to have dried up. Feeling lied to that the pin seemed broadcast into her mind a vision of a bright future...she suddenly comes to a startling conclusion. Frank's antennas and dishes were grabbing feeds of what the device was broadcasting. But what if it the machine isn't just predicting the future...it is causing people to give in to these visions, and just accept what will happen: a self-fulfilling prophecy doomsday device. The three are brought before Nix, who has decided to banish them to a deserted island, via a portal. Frank attempts to tell Nix about what they found out, but he claims that shutting down the sphere won't make any difference. Casey is still upset that given everything they've seen, little glimmers of hope, this futurist can't seem to see reason, before Frank explains that the sphere was Nix's idea (of which Frank helped to assemble it). Nix's idea was reasonable: broadcast a future in which humanity would be galvanized to do something about what they believed would happen...but instead, all the visions did was make people accept what they saw, and give in. They repackaged what they saw into media, and seemed to care only for the here-and-now, never willing to consider what their actions could mean for the future. The three are about to be put through the portal, when Frank activates the sphere's lift via the controls on Nix's watch. As the two struggle, Frank tells Athena to use the 1-kiloton device to blow up the sphere. However, Nix activates two robots, and Athena is detained. Tossing the device to Casey, she climbs onto the platform. She manages to arm the device, but during Frank's struggle, Nix manages to keep the platform from ascending. With the device armed, and no way up, Casey hurls the device through the portal, with Athena shutting it just before it explodes. However, the blast loosens a piece of architecture, and it crashes down on Nix's leg, pinning him to the ground. Suddenly, Athena sees Nix shoot Frank with a laser gun...only to see it was a tachyon glimpse of the future. Seeing the real thing unfold before her, she rushes into the line of fire, and takes the blast. Frank attempts to get Athena to a repair station, but she tells him she can't be repaired. As she begins to shut down, Athena reveals to Frank glimpses of her memory, via logs: one tells of how she fears what will happen when he finds out she isn't human, but wishes to support him, as it seems she helps spur on his creativity. - another tells how she may be having emotions towards him, but has decided not to report this. the final transmission, shows the year 1984, in which Frank was exiled from Tomorrowland, blaming Athena for what happened. Athena explains that she can still be of use to Frank: she has a self-destruct device within her, and she can be used to destroy the sphere. Using a jet pack, Frank ascends above the city with his former friend and confidante. As she shuts down, Frank drops her into the sphere. Her self-destruct mechanism sends the sphere crashing to the ground, and crushing Governor Nix. Once back on the ground, Casey and Frank wonder what to do next. It is soon decided there is only one thing to do: become proactive! Casey opens the portal near her home, and invites her father and brother into Tomorrowland. Frank decides to reopen the recruitment program, turning on the pin-making machines, and building a number of new child-looking recruiters. We soon find that this is who Casey and Frank have been talking to the whole time: the new recruiters (like Athena). Each one is given their own pin-case, with a mission to find Dreamers, those that will help build a newer, and better Tomorrow. The final images show a number of people finding the "T" pins. As they each touch them, we then see dozens of people popping up in the vast wheat field, eyes drawn towards the spires of Tomorrowland. 
 The Blind Side (2009)761) The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All-American football player and first-round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family. Based on the true story of Leigh Anne Tuohy and Sean Tuohy who take in a homeless teenage African-American, Michael Oher . Michael has no idea who his father is and his mother is a drug addict. Michael has had little formal education and few skills to help him learn. Leigh Anne soon takes charge however, as is her nature, ensuring that the young man has every opportunity to succeed. When he expresses an interest in football, she goes all out to help him, including giving the coach a few ideas on how best to use Michael's skills. They not only provide him with a loving home, but hire a tutor to help him improve his grades to the point where he would qualify for an NCAA Division I athletic scholarship. Michael Oher was the first-round pick of the Baltimore Ravens in the 2009 NFL draft. garykmcd Seventeen year old Michael Oher , an extremely large, physically imposing black youth, grew up in the projects in Memphis. He no longer lives with his drug addicted mother, but is in foster care when he isn't running away to sleep wherever else he can find. Out of circumstances including Coach Burt Cotton's belief that he would be an asset to the school's football program based solely on his size and seeing him move, Michael is accepted into Wingate Christian School - an exclusive private school - despite his abysmal 0.6 GPA. After Michael starts attending classes at Wingate, most of his teachers believe he is unteachable, except his science teacher, Mrs. Boswell, who begins to understand that he learns in a different way. Believing he is indeed homeless, Caucasian and staunch Republican Leigh Anne Tuohy - mother of Wingate students, teen Collins Tuohy and adolescent S.J. Tuohy , and wife to Sean Tuohy , franchise owner of several Taco Bell's - invites Michael to stay in the Tuohy's upscale home for the night. But that one night slowly extends itself both in terms of time and emotion as the Tuohys begin to treat Michael like one of the family and vice versa. Part of that emotional investment for Leigh Anne is fully understanding Michael as a person so that he can fulfill his potential as a human being, which includes giving him opportunities such as what Coach Cotton initially saw in Michael as a potential left tackle. Potential problems include Michael's poor academic standing which may prohibit him from participating in extracurricular activities at the school, his learning disability which may extend to other aspects of his life beyond his schooling, whether he actually can play football, and authorities questioning Leigh Anne and all the Tuohy's motivations in inviting Michael into their home and family. Huggo Michael Oher , a homeless black teen, has drifted in and out of the school system for years.Then Leigh Anne Tuohy and her husband, Sean Tuohy , take him in. The Tuohys eventually become Michael's legal guardians, transforming both his life and theirs. Michael's tremendous size and protective instincts make him a formidable force on the gridiron, and with help from his new family and devoted tutor, he realizes his potential as a student and football player. Jwelch5742 A poor, oversized and under-educated teenager is recruited by a major college football program where he is groomed into an athletically and academically successful NFL prospect. IMDb editor "The Blind Side" depicts the story of Michael Oher , a homeless African-American youngster from a broken home, taken in by the Touhys, a well-to-do white family who help him fulfill his potential. At the same time, Oher's presence in the Touhys' lives leads them to some insightful self-discoveries of their own. Living in his new environment, the teen faces a completely different set of challenges to overcome. As a football player and student, Oher works hard and, with the help of his coaches and adopted family, becomes an All-American offensive left tackle. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Blind Side is based on the remarkable true story of Baltimore Ravens' offensive left tackle Michael Oher (Quinton Aaron). Michael grew up in the inner city housing projects with his mother in Memphis, Tennessee aptly named "Hurt Village." Michael's story begins with his being homeless and coming from a broken home with a drug-addicted mother, and an absentee father. Because of his family circumstances, Family Services took control of his life as he was growing up. Unfortunately, he was being bounced around in and out of foster homes, and now as a teenager he finds himself discarded by the people he has been living with. By a stroke of luck, and the coach's wish for a player the size of Michael, he ends up being enrolled in a private Christian school where the Tuohy kids go. Michael is a quiet person. He is shown to have a kind of childlike personality, because he tries to play with kindergarten children (Rachel St. Gelais) who reject or ignore him. Michael is befriended by S.J. Tuohy (Jae Head), the youngest Tuohy, whose connection to Michael starts the ball rolling. Mike, having no money for food, lives by scrounging half-empty containers of snacks after school games, which Mr. Tuohy notices, after which he pays for a meal ticket for the boy. One icy winter night, as Michael is walking down the road to the school gym, where he has been sleeping; Leigh Anne Tuohy (Sandra Bullock) with her husband Sean (Tim McGraw) and children JS.J. and Collins (Lily Collins), pick Michael up and take him home for the night. However, when he tries to leave in the morning, Leigh Anne insists that he stay for dinner, and the children accept Michael matter-of-factly. Soon, Leigh Anne offers him a room and bed. As she starts offering him greater and greater favours, she begins to research Michael's records, including his career aptitude test results, where the only positive score was on protective instincts. Leigh Anne will use that to explain him how to play in the field. Up to that moment, he wasn't able to get the hang of the game and its rules, and he wasn't able to understand what his role on the field was. From that moment, Michael starts to play well and be useful to his team. At the traditional Christmas card photograph of that year, Leigh Anne invites him to appear in the family photo. Leigh Anne's friends Beth (Rhoda Griffs), Elaine (Eaddy Mays) and Sherry (Ashley LeConte Campbell) meet regularly at a local expensive restaurant. The friends laugh about Leigh Anne's "project in the projects," but she cuts them off, saying that if they don't respect what she does, she will stop seeing them. An opportunity arises for Michael to play at university level. However, he needs his grades to improve, so the Tuohys hire a private tuition teacher, outspoken and kind Miss Sue (Kathy Bates), who is determined to succeed, because she, like Mrs. Tuohy, wants him to play for Ole Miss. During their Geography lesson, she makes a remark about University of Tennessee burying the body parts of dead people under their football field, which Michael seems to believe blindly. While he had been leaning toward Tennessee, this event decides him ultimately to sign on with Old Miss. There comes a moment when Leigh Anne wants to have a face-to-face conversation with Michael's mother (Adriane Lenox) to enable her to adopt Michael. Although she seems unresponsive in the beginning, the mother finally wishes Michael the best. She says that social services had branded Michael "a runner," and she forecasts that Leigh Anne will find one day that he has run away for good without giving any previous notice. Leigh Anne also faces some tough guys from the projects who had made ugly insinuations about her before. They are left speechless when she threatens them and is not afraid of them at all. Many universities want Michael to play on their teams. S.J. talks to the coaches, and leads the negotiations on Michael's behalf-- and his own. When Michael gets his grades high enough, he must make a decision, and he does. He chooses the university where Sean had played for, and where Leigh Anne had been a cheerleader. That causes Investigator Granger (Sharon Morris) to move onto the matter before Michael arrives there. She questions him as though they were holding interrogatory preceding at a police station. She thinks that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are using Michael to benefit Ole Miss, their alma mater. Michael runs away before the interview is over, and goes to find his birth mother. The leader of the tough guys welcomes him back to Hurt Village, offers him a beer, and insinuates that Michael has had sexual relations with Leigh Anne or her daughter. This rouses Michael's protective instincts, as the gang leader threatens to go after the two ladies himself. Michael shoves him into a wall, knocking his gun aside. After thinking and questioning Leigh Ann on the matter, Michael realizes that the Tuohys are now his family, and tells Granger that that's the reason for him to choose that Ole Miss. The film ends saying that he'll succeed and become a professional player later on. S.J in seen leading the players onto the gamefield with Michael before all local games. 
 Flicka (2006)431) Young Katy claims a wild horse as her own -- an effort to prove to her father that she is capable of taking over the family horse ranch one day. Coming-of-age story set in the mountain vistas, A headstrong 16-year-old Katy McLaughlin desires to work on her family's mountainside horse ranch, although her father insists she finish boarding school. Katy finds a mustang in the hills near her ranch. Katy then sets her mind to tame a mustang and prove to her father she can run the ranch. But when tragedy happens, it will take all the love and strength the family can muster to restore hope. devine308 Rob McLaughlin runs his family horse ranch with a firm hand. That includes his grooming gentle, smart, mundane son, Howard, as his successor, without bothering to find out that's his daily nightmare, while he dreams of a writing career. His sassy sister, Katy, was sent off to a boarding school the family can ill afford. During a holiday, she discovers an even more free-spirited wild mustang and decides to tame it, hoping it may help to convince Rob she's fit for ranching. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Katy is the only daughter of a rancher who hopes to take over the family ranch someday. Her father, however, hopes that her older brother Howard will take over the running of the ranch. After failing to complete an essay for her high school exam, Katy returns home for the holidays to face her father's disapproval. Her redemption comes in the form of a black Mustang filly which Katy encounters after a close call with a mountain lion. Katy sets out to capture this Mustang who she names Flicka in an effort to prove to her father that she is capable of assuming the responsibilities of running the ranch. Katy's father does not approve of her actions, however, and after Katy deliberately disobeys him by training and riding Flicka behind his back, Flicka is sold to the rodeo for use in the wild-horse race. Katy succeeds in rescuing her beloved horse with the assistance of her brother by posing as a man and entering the race, she then takes Flicka and rides towards home. Another encounter with the mountain lion on the way back to the ranch results in Flicka being critically injured and Katy becoming seriously ill after being caught in a major storm. Her family find her and take her home while her father returns to put Flicka down due to the seriousness of her injuries. Katy hears a gunshot whilst she is battling the fever and assumes Flicka has been killed. A few days later, Katy's fever breaks; however, she is depressed at her horse's assumed death. Katy's father calls her downstairs and into the yard where Katy discovers that Flicka is alive and well, the shot she had heard was aimed at the mountain lion. The film ends with Katy and Flicka riding together through the Wyoming mountains. 
 Friday Night Lights (2004)541) Based on H.G. Bissinger's book, which profiled the economically depressed town of Odessa, Texas and their heroic high school football team, The Permian High Panthers. Odessa, Texas, is a small, town in Texas. Racially divided and economically dying, there is one night that gives the town something to live for: Friday Night. The Permian Panthers have a big winning tradition in Texas high school football, led by QB Mike Winchell and superstar tailback Boobie Miles, but all is not well, as Boobie suffers a career-ending injury in the first game of the season. Hope is lost among citizens in Odessa, and for the team, but Coach Gary Gaines, who believes that "Perfection is being able to look your friends in the eye and know you did everything you could not to let them down", is somehow able to help the team rise up from the ashes and make a huge season comeback. Now on their way to state, the Panthers must go out and be perfect, because they may never matter this much for the rest of their lives. Zac Abrams A straight arrow coach leads his team to the 1988 Texas state semifinals in the west Texas city of Odessa, where high school football is king. Expectations of classmates, coaches, family, and community members exact a toll on the athletes central to the story. Economic and racial undertones pervade this adaptation of H.G. Bissinger's book by the same name. David S. Johnson {davidsjohnson@bigfoot.com} Expectations are high for the 1988 football team at Permian "MOJO" High School in the blue-collar, football-crazy town of Odessa, Texas. MOJO is a traditional powerhouse in Texas high school football, and the community lets coach Gaines know in many not-so-subtle ways that nothing short of a state championship is a failure. But when the team loses its star tailback in the first game of the season, hopes seem dashed, and MOJO goes into an early tailspin. Everyone is ready to hang coach Gaines in effigy, and the team is left for dead. But miraculously, coach Gaines pulls the team together, and MOJO makes a now-unlikely run into the state playoffs. jgp3553@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bissinger followed the team for the entire 1988 season, which culminated in a loss in the State semi-finals against Carter High School from Dallas, who eventually went on to win the championship game but would have their title stripped for playing an ineligible player. However, the book also deals with or alludes to a number of secondary political and social issues existing in Odessa, all of which share ties to the Permian Panthers football team. These include socioeconomic disparity; racism; segregation (and desegregation); and poverty. The coach, Gary Gaines, is constantly on the hot seat. After a loss, he comes back to see "For Sale" signs on his lawn. Tied into the successes and failure of the coach and the team in general are the conflicts the players struggle with on and off the gridiron. The coach overuses his star player, running back James "Boobie" Miles, who gets seriously injured (Miles tore his ACL, missed the playoffs, and had a limp for the rest of his life). When this happens, sports radios are flooded with calls for his resignation. Miles' once-arrogant attitude vanishes as he sees his once promising chance of playing big-time college football disappear and starts to question his future after he notices his not-so promising academic standing. Quarterback Mike Winchell struggles with being able to play consistently, and his inability to make decisions for himself. Fullback Don Billingsley has a rocky relationship with his father, who won a state championship at Permian and carries on a feud with his son for not performing on the level he'd like to see, despite the fact that Don doesn't do anything to light his father's temper. Third-string running back Chris Comer, who takes the spot of Miles after his injury, attempts to get rid of his fear of being hit and getting injured, especially when the player who last occupied his spot suffered a season ending injury. His obsession with fame and recognition also comes at a high price that he is at first not ready to pay. Safety Brian Chavez is harassed by his teammates for being the "black sheep" of the team due to his lack of pure football instinct, although he is easily the smartest player on the team, and the most confident in his future after high school football. Coach Gaines triumphs and struggles with winning football games and connecting with his players a number of times during their tremulous season. His job depends on the Panthers making the playoffs, and his team is in a three-way tie with two other teams at the end of the regular season. Under Texas rules for ties, the tiebreaker is a coin-toss. In an effort to prevent a riot, the location of the coin-toss is kept under wraps, and the Texas TV stations air it live at an unearthly hour. Permian gets a spot. They make it to the finals, where they narrowly lose to a powerhouse Dallas high school team. The players are in tears as the game ends, but unite when they finally see the amount of success they had over their season given their situation, and how unmeasurable it all was, by a championship ring or anything else. The movie ends with the coach removing the departing seniors from the depth chart on his wall. Notably, the depth chart has "Case" at quarterback. This refers to Permian's real-life backup quarterback in 1988, Stoney Case, who would go on to lead Permian to the 5A state title the following year, and still later made it to the NFL. The final scene consists of Winchell throwing a football to a bunch of pee-wees playing pick-up football before leaving with Billingsley and Chavez. 