nm0004645:

 Shark Hunter (2001)Summaries This undersea thriller follows a man and his team of divers searching for a giant shark that has destroyed an entire research station. Years after his parents are killed by a megalodon (an enormous shark that has supposedly been extinct for millions of years), Dr. Spencer is obsessed with the idea of hunting down and killing the monster. He's assigned to investigate the destruction of an undersea research station with the crew of the Argus, a giant submarine Spencer designed himself. After a little searching the team realizes that it was indeed a megalodon that destroyed the base, and the hunt for the creature is on. Will the Argus and its crew have what it takes for Spencer to get his revenge? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Big Hit (1998)Summaries Socially anxious hitman Melvin Smiley, an expert in his lucrative field, goes on a job and falls in love with his kidnapping victim, turning his world upside down. To payoff his second girlfriend's debt, hitman Melvin Smiley undertakes a kidnapping job with his usual associates. In a world of prospective Jewish in-laws and late movie fees, the hitman falls in love with the victim and must settle the score with those out to double-cross him. UptownRox Melvin Smiley, a successful young hitman, is living a normal all-day life for his jewish fianc Pam, but kills for money in Paris' organization. In addition, he has a relationship with a beauty from the neighbourhood and gets bothered by a pimply video store guy, because he did not return "King Kong Lives" for two weeks. He and his three teammates Cisco, Crunch and Vince one day decide to kidnap the daughter of super-rich businessman Jiro Nishi - off the record. What they do not know, is that Jiro just went completely bankrupt due to a successless movie production, and, even worse, that his daughter Keiko is the god-daughter of Paris, the boss of the kidnappers. He and his men are now searching for the kidnappers in order to grind them up properly. Meanwhile, handcuffed Keiko falls in love with killer Melvin while both preparing a kosher meal in order to satisfy Pam's visiting parents, who are out of the house with Pam - with a body in the trunk. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drifter: Henry Lee Lucas (2009)Summaries The true story of serial killer Henry Lee Lucas. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 