nm0007349:

 Gangster (2007)Summaries Antonio Moro works for gangster boss Thomas Steel. He lives happily with his girlfriend Tanya who is expecting their child. Antonio's future looks bright, until one evening when he is ordered to kill a person who is close to all of them. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Aspiranterna (1998)Summaries A group of students go through a year of training at the Swedish Police Academy. Led by the strict and demanding Frank, a group of students train at the Swedish Police Academy to become police officers. After the initial tests remain a diverse class of students: P-O Gren who keep his racist beliefs secret, Larsson the joker, Jesus who has left a criminal background, Ulrika who may or may not be a lesbian, Johan and Eva who become more than friends, Jessica who has a hard time being a single mother and Anna-Karin who wants to become a police to please her father. All of them will gain valuable experiences before graduation. Mattias Thuresson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deep Gold 3D (2011)211) Deep Gold follows Amy Sanchez, a champion free diver who, along with her sister Jess, find themselves thrown into the middle of a deadly conspiracy. After a government plane carrying a fortune in gold goes missing over Philippine waters, Amy and Jess struggle to investigate the disappearance with help from Lulu and the mysterious Benny Simpson. Soon, the girls learn they are in over their heads. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shortly after free diver Amy Sanchez breaks an important freediving record, her boyfriend - Air Force Pilot Tony - mysteriously vanishes together with a flight that was bringing millions of dollars worth of gold to the Central Bank. Determined to discover the truth, Amy goes off with her sister to find out. Is Tony actually dead? Or if not, is the man she loved really part of the plot to steal the gold? But she has no idea that she is about to discover the unexpected, and entangles herself in a web of lies and deceit before she finds out that somebody used her for what turns out to become a much larger conspiracy. 
 Exit (I) (2006)211) There is a thin line between money and loyalty. Thomas Skepphult runs an investment company, and is arrested for the murder of his business partner when his fingerprint is found on the murder weapon. When he tries to call his lawyer, the phone is answered by someone who he thought had committed suicide years ago. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. There is a thin line between money and loyalty. Thomas Skepphult runs an investment company, and is arrested for the murder of his business partner when his fingerprint is found on the murder weapon. When he tries to call his lawyer, the phone is answered by someone who he thought had committed suicide years ago. 