nm0001585:

 Baywatch (19892001)Summaries At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis. This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stalked by My Neighbor (2015 TV Movie)Summaries A mother and her 18-year-old daughter move to suburbia to help recover from a traumatic home invasion, but a sinister shadow seems to be stalking them. Thriller about a single mom and her daughter who move from a West Hollywood condo to a supposedly safe neighborhood (after the daughter is attacked in the condo by a neighbor). The troubles just continue in the new place. Who is the real stalker? Unemployed, hot car mechanic Nick Thompkin has mixed feelings about the new neighbor girl, student Jodi Allen, who moved to his quiet suburb from Hollywood with her devoted single mother Andrea, ignoring she was traumatized by a campus rapist, who was eliminated but remains their nightmarish obsession. Jodi immediately accuses Nick of 'stealing' her camera, which she abuses to sneak-stalk the whole street, actually just dealing with shirtless pictures of himself, while somewhat flattered. When neighbor Lisa Miller, a real estate agent who constantly complained absurdly about Nick to the police, is murdered at home, Jodi again accuses Nick, without any evidence, and starts spying on him, only to find out he's a nice guy and change her mind, again suspiciously in police and even maternal eyes, about Nick who gets a job and becomes her boyfriend. New suspects are Lisa' in-living orphan niece and heiress, Kristen Chambers, and her secret lover Ted Wilcox. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ripley's Believe It or Not! (20002003)Summaries Ripley's Believe It or Not! is a curious format, sort of a 'Guiness Book of Records'-like magazine on TV. It has no permanent cast or storyline, just a presenting host in the castle-type LA residence who occasionally shows curiosities from 'Ripley's vault' there, but usually simply introduces the topics shown in the various, rather short film sequences shot all over the world, in addition to which some weird facts (e.g. absurd laws) can be quickly reviewed. Each report -usually independent, follow-up is rare- is on something very unusual, surprising and/or spectacular, such as inventions, stunts and records, freak creatures and - accidents. Sometimes the title is taken literally when a few of the least likely items are bunched up for the viewer to guess which one isn't true. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 California Dreams (19921997)Summaries Siblings form a rock group with two friends. A bunch of cool teenagers who are friends living in California form a rock band, The Dreams. Between gigs, they must deal with all kinds of big and small real-life issues such as school, family life, friends, romance, ambition, ego, jealousy, and big decisions. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 