nm0008262:

 Grand Canyon (1991)Summaries The fates of several people are intertwining randomly. Their sympathy of each other faces multiple differences in their lifestyles. Grand Canyon revolved around six residents from different backgrounds whose lives intertwine in modern-day Los Angeles. At the center of the film is the unlikely friendship of two men from different races and classes brought together when one finds himself in jeopardy in the other's rough neighborhood. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Two Jakes (1990)321) The sequel to Chinatown (1974) finds J.J. "Jake" Gittes investigating adultery and murder, and the money that comes from oil. After the war, L.A. private eye Jake Gittes is hired by realtor Jake Berman. He proves the infidelity of Berman's wife Kitty and sets up a way for her to be caught in the act. At the rendezvous, Berman shoots the co-respondent who turns out to be his business partner. Gittes finds himself in the middle of a complicated web, under pressure from all sides for a wire recording of the fatal encounter. He then realises that the land the partners were developing was once an orange grove connected with a case that he has never quite gotten over. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In post-war Los Angeles there is an incriminating wire recording of a tryst that isn't supposed to be fatal. It is recorded by LA private detective J.J. "Jake" Gittes for his client: real-estate developer of B&B Homes "Jake" Berman, to 'incriminate' Berman's 'unfaithful' wife Kitty who is having an affair in the Bird of Paradise Motel in Redondo Beach with Berman's own real-estate business associate Bodine. Berman shoots Mark Bodine in cold blood as he flees into the motel's bathroom. In the tape recording, a mysterious reference to Katherine Mulwray between the two adulterers stirs up memories of the past for Gittes (Katherine Mulwray, the blonde teenaged daughter of the earlier film's tragically-killed heroine Evelyn Mulwray, Jake's former client and lover, was sired by incestuous rape by her tycoon father Noah Cross). It is revealed that Gittes has been set up in the murder-for-profit scheme. The murder cannot be considered justifiable homicide because Berman deliberately killed his partner--he had a gun conveniently planted under a chair delivered to the room--in order to commit premeditated murder of Bodine, a capital crime. For business reasons, partner Bodine's will excludes his sexpot widowed wife, Lillian Bodine and named "surviving partner" Berman, the sole beneficiary of B&B Homes' enormously profitable real-estate business (tract housing in San Fernando Valley). Her attorney Chuck Newty states that she is entitled to her husband's wealth if the murder could be proven to be premeditated. Did Berman plan the murder with his wife Kitty in order to collect money from the deceased partner's share? If true, this would also make Gittes an unwitting accomplice to murder. During convoluted developments in the plot, Gittes discovers that Berman's tract housing sub development, located in an orange grove (the same irrigated location that Gittes visited in the original film), is also being surreptitiously drilled for its vast underground resources by greedy oil baron Earl Rawley, Bodine's business associate. In a preliminary court public hearing regarding the recording, the tape is played, but the evidence is obviously tampered with by Gittes to hide Berman's cold-blooded guilt and to protect Mrs. Berman. Red-haired Kitty is actually the elusive blonde Katherine Mulwray--which Gittes figures out when he realizes that she dyed her hair red. Through various legal and title documents, Katherine is shown to be the original owner of the orange grove and of the mineral rights to the subdivision land, but is forced to sign over a quit-claim deed to the land only to criminal nightclub owner Michael 'Mickey Nice' Weisskopf, Berman's gangster associate, on July 17, 1946. Bodine was blackmailing Berman about the real identity of his wife, threatening to expose her if she didn't sign over the mineral rights--and Bodine was also, as Berman jealously admitted, engaged in a real affair. That was the real motivation in killing Bodine. Gittes perjures himself in court to protect the daughter of the woman that he was unable to protect. Berman also divulges to Gittes that he is terminally ill (with advanced syphilis viewed on X-rays and under a microscope, unsuccessfully treated with radium implants which are also causing cancer)--but has not told his wife Kitty about his condition. To ensure that she would definitely inherit his real-estate fortune (his intention all along)--he deliberately and suicidally blows himself up and ends his life in one of the development's tract homes by lighting a cigarette in the volatile, natural gas-filled environment after a shaky earthquake. In the final scene, Gittes speaks to Kitty/Katherine about their mutual pasts as she leaves his office, in the final line: "It (the past) never goes away" (Jake's belated answer to her earlier question: "Does it ever go away, the past?"). 
 Forget Paris (1995)Summaries Mickey, an NBA referee, meets Ellen, an American airline official, in Paris. It develops into a relationship of ups and downs. Mickey Gordon is a basketball referee who travels to France to bury his father. Ellen Andrews, an American living in Paris, works for the airline Mickey flies on. They meet and fall in love, but their relationship goes through many difficult patches. The story is told in flashback by their friends at a restaurant waiting for them to arrive. Philip Apps <apps@math.wisc.edu> In Los Angeles, Andy and Liz, only having recently met and fallen in love, are hosting a small engagement announcement party at an Italian restaurant to which a small group of close mutual friends of Andy's have been invited. As Liz reminisces about the unusual way she and Andy met while they wait for their guests, Andy begins to tell Liz about whose meeting he believes is the most unusual, that of his best friend Mickey, who Liz has yet to meet, and Ellen, the telling of Mickey and Ellen's complete relationship story to Liz which is picked up upon the arrival of other couples, first Craig and Lucy, then Jack and Lois. That meeting was in Paris as Mickey, one of the premiere NBA referees teamed along with Jack who are more often on the road than at home during the season, was taking his deceased father, from who he had long been estranged, to be buried alongside his fellow WWII servicemen as was his wish. Mickey's plan to be in and out of Paris hit a multi-day snag in the airline having lost the coffin with Mickey's father, Ellen the airline representative who took up his case, and the only one among her colleagues who seemed to have any empathy and care for the situation. Because of Ellen, Mickey decided to extend his stay in Paris, where he had never been, and spend what ended up being a memorable week with her doing things he never would have done if he was in town by himself or regularly in his life back in the States. Mickey and Ellen's relationship story has a number of highs and just as many if not more lows following that week, with all six now, but especially Liz who has become invested in having a Mickey/Ellen happy ending, waiting to see if Mickey, the last to arrive, will be solo or with Ellen. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inside Moves (1980)Summaries Handicapped after an unsuccessful suicide attempt, a man finds common ground in the troubled souls at a local dive bar. After a failed suicide attempt leaves him partially crippled, Roary begins spending a lot of time at a neighborhood bar full of interesting misfits. When Jerry the bartender suddenly finds himself playing basketball for the Golden State Warriors, Roary and the rest of the bar regulars hope his success will provide a lift to their sagging spirits. Will Jerry forget his friends? What about his junkie hooker girlfriend and her pimp? Peter L. Blaskowski <pblask@lilly.com> Directed by Richard Donner and featuring an Oscar-nominated performance by Diana Scarwid , Inside Moves tells the inspiring story of Roary ( John Savage ), a former sports star left crippled by a failed suicide attempt. Hanging out in a neighborhood bar full of colorful misfits, Roary forges an unforgettable bond with the bartender, Jerry ( David Morse ), an injured basketball player. Together with the rest of the bar regulars, Roary sets out to help Jerry triumph over adversity and fulfill his potential, in this powerful celebration of the human spirit. Also starring Academy Award winner Harold Russell . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 