nm0004756:

 Anger Management (2003)651) Dave Buznik is a businessman who is wrongly sentenced to an anger management program, where he meets an aggressive instructor. Mild-mannered timid businessman Dave Buznik works for a pet clothing company out of New York City. He's got an abrasive boss named Mr. Frank Head who frequently takes credit for his work and steps on him in return. He's got a loving girlfriend, Linda, whose best friend is her condescending college ex, Andrew. But when a misunderstanding aboard an airplane goes haywire, Dave is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell, who is an unpredictable, psychopathic character. As the relationship between Dave and Buddy becomes more tense, when the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc Dave's life, and Buddy might be the only one who can save him from a problem he recognizes right away in his patient, that could only get worse. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} After a misunderstanding aboard an airplane that escalates out of control, the mild-mannered Dave Buznik is ordered by Judge Daniels to attend anger management sessions run by Doctor Buddy Rydell, which are filled with highly eccentric and volatile men and women. Buddy's unorthodox approach to therapy is confrontational and abrasive and Dave is bewildered by it. Then, after yet another mishap, Judge Daniels orders Dave to step up his therapy or wind up in jail. So, Buddy moves in with Dave to help him battle his inner demons. Buddy himself has no inner demons since he acts out at every opportunity and that includes making lewd comments about Dave's girlfriend Linda and goading Dave into confronting every slight, past or present, head-on. But Buddy finally goes too far and Dave must decide whether to crawl back into his shell or stand up for himself. Could it be that Buddy's confounding and contradictory treatment is just what the doctor ordered? Sujit R. Varma Overworked and undervalued Dave Buznik is a businessman whose life practically seems stuck in second gear. He's got a boss who just as well step on him, as acknowledge the fact that Dave does all the work but the boss gets the credit. He's got a pacifist nature that always gets the best of him, causing him to avoid conflict whenever possible. But it only seems to get worse for Dave when he can't take action and lets everything just sit. However, when a misunderstanding aboard an airplane lands Dave in court, the only way out is through the therapy of Dr. Buddy Rydell, a psychiatrist and anger management expert. While the unconventional Buddy seems harmful and psychotic, he might just be Dave's only solution to a problem that seriously needs to be addressed. mystic80 Dave Buznik is a hardworking businessman with a pacifistic nature that has often gotten the best of him. But a simple misunderstanding aboard an airplane quickly escalates into a legal nightmare for Dave. Now, the only way he can avoid jail time is to seek the help of a very unlikely anger management instructor known as Dr. Buddy Rydell. The good doctor's unorthodox methods border on unconventional and nearly psychotic, but may be the perfect antidote for Dave, who has been a stepping stone his entire life. monkeykingma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1979, a hot day in the city finds a whole neighborhood of kids and adults relaxing out doors on the street. A nerdy young boy in love with a beautiful girl is about to receive his first kiss. Just then, the local bully yanks down the boy's shorts and underwear, humiliating him to the laughter of the entire crowd. In the present, timid businessman Dave Buznik ( Adam Sandler ) works for a pet clothing company in New York City. His abrasive boss Frank Head ( Kurt Fuller ) takes credit for Dave's money-making work and steps on him in return. His loving girlfriend, Linda ( Marisa Tomei ) is supportive but wishes he would stand up for himself. Her college friend, Andrew ( Allen Covert ), wants to date her and treats Dave like a loser. Dave just wants to avoid conflict (and any hint of public affection.) When an inflight misunderstanding with a stewardess goes haywire, Dave is ordered by Judge Daniels ( Lynne Thigpen ) to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of unorthodox specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell ( Jack Nicholson ). At his first anger management group meeting, self-effacing Dave is certain he doesn't belong there and asks Buddy to let him out of the course. Odd and volatile characters such as Nate ( Jonathan Loughran ), Lou ( Luis Guzmn ), and Chuck ( John Turturro ) startle him. Buddy pushes Dave hard until Dave actually starts shouting. At the end of the meeting, Buddy says Dave needs to be there. He also arranges for him to pair up with eccentric Chuck for mutual support. As Dave prepares for a romantic evening with Linda, Chuck turns up on his doorstep and insists Dave fulfill his support duties. They go to a restaurant, Chuck picks a fight for no reason ... and Dave ends up back in court on charges of assaulting a waitress and a blind man ( Harry Dean Stanton ). Judge Daniels orders Dave to step up his therapy or wind up in jail. Buddy decides to move in with Dave for intensive treatment. Buddy's obnoxious behavior includes everything from throwing out Dave's CDs, nudity, sleeping with Dave in his bed (and farting), throwing food when it's not done his way, flirting with Dave's girlfriend, and pissing off Dave's boss. He forces Dave stop driving on the way to work in order to sing the show tune "I Feel Pretty", while blocking traffic on a bridge. He takes Dave to a street corner and pays a transvestite ( Woody Harrelson ) to get in the back seat with Dave. Dave is horrified, and finally starts yelling and demanding that the shemale get away from him. Buddy explains that this is an important step forward in the program: righteous anger. Dave and Buddy go to Boston to see Buddy's mom. At a bar, Buddy lures Dave into hitting on a beautiful girl ( Heather Graham ) using a crude pickup line. To his shock, she takes the bait. When he looks around, Buddy has left him and he doesn't even know where to go. The girl takes him home and tries to seduce him, and turns violent when he refuses because of his commitment to Linda. She throws him out in the rain where he screams back at her. On their return trip from Boston, Dave falls asleep. When he wakes up, Buddy has taken him to an out of the way Buddhist sanctuary. His old nemesis Arnie Shankman has become a monk. Buddy incites the two to fight, and finally their anger ignites. Dave discovers the heady feeling of a little righteous revenge. When he meets with Linda, Dave tries to nerve himself up to propose to her but is unable to do so. Recognizing the lost moment, she says that Buddy has advised that they separate for a while. Dave is devastated, but Buddy assures him things will be fine. When he learns that Linda will be going out to a swank restaurant with some guy, Dave decides to show up with the two porn star girls ( Krista Allen and January Jones ) from his anger management class. The scantily clad girls accompany him in ... where he finds out that Linda's date is Buddy himself. Buddy swears he is dating her for Dave's benefit, that nothing is going on. But later that night Buddy confesses that the date led to kissing and then announces that he and Linda are in love. Dave loses it and leaps for Buddy ... and Dave is back in court as the judge finds him incurable, promising that at his sentencing he will be going to prison. A bruised, battered and bandaged Buddy is present, accompanied by Linda. Dave sees the two enter a taxi outside (and Buddy removing his neck brace!), as Linda gazes at Dave regretfully. Dave finds out that Buddy is taking Linda to a Yankees game, and realizes that Buddy is about to steal his proposal "idea" (having it appear on the marquee). He rushes to the stadium to prevent this disaster. Guards try to stop him as he storms on to the field and appropriates the microphone to plead with Linda not to marry Buddy, that Buddy is crazy. Dave admits that he was an angry guy, that letting people step on him was wrong. He tells Linda that he loves her and wants to marry her. Linda agrees, but on the condition that he kiss her in front of everyone in the stadium. He hesitates, but finally gathers his courage and does it. Amazingly, the loving message appears on the marquee, and Linda happily tells him that he just graduated from anger management! Waiting for the train home, she explains that she'd read Buddy's book and asked if he could help Dave. The stewardess, the judge and many others were in on the plot to help Dave find and express his anger. A celebration party in the park with the whole anger management class is interrupted by a man with a gun. Dave stands up to him and refuses to be afraid, while everyone else begs him not to be a hero and get himself killed. The gunman fires - his water pistol, as the whole thing turns out to be Dave's prank revenge on everyone for duping him. 
 Nowhere to Run (1993)211) Sam, an escaped convict, lands up on a farmland owned by a widow. When he learns that a ruthless contractor is trying to take over her land, he helps her to fight against the injustice. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sam Gillen (Van Damme) is a convict who gets sprung from Federal custody somewhere in the Midwest by his bank-robbing partner. In their last heist, Sam's partner killed a bank guard, and Sam took the rap for it. Sam's partner gets killed in the break, forcing Sam to go it alone in search of the loot, which is buried on the property of a farm inhabited by Clydie Anderson (Arquette), the widowed mother of two kids named Mike "Mookie" Anderson and Bree Anderson. Attempting to sneak into Clydie's house and "borrow" some salt for a campfire-broiled steak, Sam catches sight of Clydie taking a shower. The next morning, Sam is spotted bathing outdoors by Mookie. After saving Clydie, Mookie, and Bree from a trio of intruding thugs, Sam discovers that Clydie is holding out from selling her place to property developer Franklin Hale, who fears that he will be put out of business if he doesn't get Clydie's land so he can develop on it. Sam decides to hang around, sleeping first in Clydie's barn and then in her bed while repairing her late husband's Triumph motorcycle. And Hale hires an intimidation expert named Dunston, to force Clydie into selling her land. Secretly on Hale's payroll is corrupt sheriff Lonnie Cole, a sometime lover of Clydie. A jealous Lonnie discovers Sam's true identity and threatens to expose him if he doesn't leave. Not wanting to place Clydie in additional danger for helping a fugitive, Sam decides to leave, only to find that Hale has already blown the whistle on him in an attempt to get him out of the way. After evading police chasing him in cars, land rovers, helicopters, and on motorcycles and horseback, Sam returns to save Clydie from Dunston and Hale, who are planning to burn down her house. After fighting off the bad guys and getting Hale caught holding a gun to Clydie's head, he decides to turn himself in, rather than run away. He promises to be back to live with them. 
 Maverick (1994)541) Bret Maverick, needing money for a poker tournament, faces various comic mishaps and challenges, including a charming woman thief. Maverick is recreated from the character James Garner created in the 1950s TV program. Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them. He needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a Winner Take All poker game that begins in a few days. He tries to win some, tries to collect a few debts, and recover a little loot for the reward, all with a light hearted air. He joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvelous, though fake, southern accent as the two both try and enter the game. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Bret Maverick is a superb professional poker gambler, as handy with the handgun as he handles the cards, but also a master at avoiding violence by deception. Like all great poker layers, he's on his way to a winner take all championship on Commodore Duvall's riverboat, but first must complete the steep entry sum, collecting debts and gambling. He has most confusing encounters with other gamblers, mainly fake 'Southern belle' Annabelle Bransford and Marshal Zane Cooper, tricksters in his league, and various other stooges and accomplices, such as the bandit Angel and his gang, the Indian Joseph who preys on tourists and one of them, a Russian Archduke. Things are rarely what they seem, as layers of shameless deception are unfolded. KGF Vissers Gambler Bret Maverick is on his way to a poker tournament wherein half million dollars is at stake. At he needs is $25,000 and he has so far 22. So he goes around trying to collect from people who owe him but it appears they all try to get out of paying him. And he plays poker hoping to come up with the money. Along the way he crosses paths with a man named Angel whom he out plays which makes him dislike Maverick and a woman named Annabelle who is a con woman. So as he continues to go to the tournament and tries to get the rest of the money he needs. Angel's asked by someone to keep Maverick from getting to the tournament and he tries. But Maverick is just too lucky. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler 'Bret Maverick' (Mel Gibson), of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is 'the best'. However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River-an antagonist named Angel (Alfred Molina), a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford (Jodie Foster), and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the original TV series). The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach (the driver of which dies at the reins at full gallop), agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians (for a fee which Maverick in the end is too big-hearted to accept) and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by "Joseph" (Graham Greene). Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. These scenes are some of the very few which do not involve Maverick directly. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph's tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game-on a paddle steamer-safely. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper who is engaged to ensure the security of the game. After preliminary rounds, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and the Commodore of the boat (James Coburn). Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00am deadline, having had his stateroom door chained (by an unknown person) after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, Jack, Queen and King of Spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in" (inferring that Maverick is the chip leader at this stage). Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls the bets without checking the card. It is, melodramatically, the Ace of Spades (Note that a 9 of Spades would also have won the hand for Maverick). An enraged Angel draws his gun but he, and his stooges in the audience, are gunned down in rapid succession by Cooper and Maverick (drawing one of Cooper's guns). Three plot twists follow Maverick's win: Firstly, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Secondly, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Thirdly, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money. He leaves them with a single gun to settle their affairs. Cooper beats up the Commodore and angrily vows to wreak bloody vengeance on Maverick, even if it means hunting him to the ends of the earth. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal (to the audience) that he is in fact Maverick's father. It is also revealed that the real conspiracy was between the two of them. Suddenly, however, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick (whose relationship she had easily surmised). However, she only gets away with half of the money she had expected, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick smiles and comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her. 
 The Larry Sanders Show (19921998)Summaries A comedic behind the scenes look at a late night talk show. HBO television sitcom about Larry Sanders, a talk-show host. This show goes 'behind-the-scenes' to reveal Larry's humorous interactions with the producers and guests. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 