nm0011573:

 Leave It to Beaver (19571963)Summaries The misadventures of a suburban boy, family and friends. The Cleavers are the 1950's 'All-American Family' in this 'feel-good' family sitcom. Parents Ward and June, and older brother Wally, try to keep Theodore ('the Beaver') out of trouble. However, Beaver continues to end up in one kind of jam or another. Unlike real life, these situations are always easily resolved to the satisfaction of all involved and the Beaver gets off with a few stern moralistic words of parental advice. Instigator and troublemaker Eddie Haskell is an older kid who always manages to avoid being caught. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> The Cleavers - father Ward, mother June, older son Wally and younger son Theodore (nicknamed Beaver) - are a loving, middle class family living in the small town of Mayfield. Despite getting along as a family most of the time, they sometimes have to deal with problems in Wally and/or Beaver's life resulting from the generation gap, and the differing mentalities on the same issue by adult parents and their children. Even the 4 year age difference between Wally and Beaver is enough for each to have a different viewpoint of the world than the other. Generally, Beaver will go through the same issues as Wally in dealing with their parents, only 4 years later. When disputes or differences happen between the generations, often Wally and/or Beaver's friends, who have much the same mentality as Wally or Beaver, but only from an outsider's perspective, will add fuel to the already blazing fire. Chief amongst them is Wally's trouble-making and two-faced best friend, Eddie Haskell. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 National Velvet (1960 )Summaries Velvet Brown lives on a dairy farm with her parents Martha and Herbert, an ex-jockey, Mi Taylor, her brother Donald and her sister Edwina. Teddy is Edwina's boyfriend. Velvet owns a beautiful horse, King, which she hopes will run in the Grand National Steeplechase some day. J.E. McKillop <jack-mckillop@worldnet.att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Loretta Young Show (19531961)Summaries A drama anthology series hosted by actress Loretta Young. In addition to hosting the series, she played the lead in various episodes. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 87th Precinct (19611962)Summaries Manhattan's 87th precinct forms the backdrop for this grim and gritty police drama based on the long-running series of novels by Ed McBain. Storylines focus on neighborhood crime, and the lives of the officers of the 87th and their families: Steve Carella and his deaf/mute wife, Teddy; rookie Bert Kling; long-time veteran Roger Havilland and the wryly philosophical Meyer Meyer. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 