nm0004061:

 Double Vision (1992 TV Movie)Summaries Twin sisters who are worlds apart in every way become connected by the one man who tears them apart forever. Caroline, a sensuous medical student travels to London to investigate the mysterious demise of her identical twin, Lisa. Lisa, an aspiring model lives in London as a high-class call girl and suddenly goes missing. A dead ringer for her sister, Caroline's quest becomes dangerous when she assumes Lisa's identity and begins to live her lifestyle. Now from the posh boardrooms and bedrooms of the European elite, to the decadent world of London after dark, Caroline's every step draws her deeper into this seductive double life - and brings her closer to a killer determined to finish the job once and for good. Republic Pictures Home Video The telepathy between identical twins: conventional Caroline lives with her father and is engaged; Lisa is hard-drinking, devil-may-care, and lives in London as a high-class call girl. Caroline has horrid dreams of Lisa's demise, so she flies to London to help. To find out what befell Lisa, Caroline submerges herself in Lisa's dangerous milieu, seeking help from an East Indian cabdriver who loved Lisa, and continuing to have dreams and visions. Then, while staying in Lisa's flat, wearing Lisa's clothes, and avoiding her own fiance, who has followed her over from the States, Caroline follows her instincts to confront what did happen in her sister's last minutes of life. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Screen One (19852002)Summaries Anthology of unconnected movies of different genres. Producer Kenith Trodd was part of a 1984 team brought together to study how the BBC should respond to Channel Four's pioneering efforts in making movies for television and theatrical release. The result was a transition from the earlier concept of studio-made plays, such as Play for Today (1970) and the introduction of the new BBC anthology movie series, this show and Screen Two (1985), with Trodd's supervision of the initial group of titles in 1985. Bhob Stewart <bhob2@earthlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jason King (19711972)Summaries An ex-intelligence agent turned novelist finds himself performing new missions around the world. After leaving Department S, the hedonistic, womanizing dandy Jason King settled down to a full-time career of writing (trashy) Mark Caine novels. He philandered his way around the world, doing research for his stories and tripping over a variety of odd--often verging on surreal--cases, usually involving beautiful women. He was occasionally blackmailed into working for British Intelligence under the threat of being arrested for unpaid back taxes. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Aphrodite Inheritance (1979)Summaries When British Engineer Barry Collier is injured in an accident in Cyprus his brother David flies out only to find he has died. It soon becomes apparent that Barry Collier was involved with some very strange people. And before he knows it, David has some strange experiences of his own. Could it have something to do with the photo of a stone carved with hieroglyphics? Who are the intriguing characters that seem to be pulling David Collier's strings and appear and disappear at will? Businessman Eugene Hellman, the barman Charalambos, the brigand Basileos and the very beautiful Helene. Can it really be that the gods and goddesses of ancient Greece are playing games with him? Sandra Brake <Sandra@powerup.com.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 