nm0007029:

 Revolution (20122014)431) Fifteen years after a permanent global blackout, a group of revolutionaries seeks to drive out an occupying force posing as the United States Government. What would you do without it all? In this epic adventure, a family struggles to reunite in an American landscape void of electricity: a world of empty cities, local militias and heroic freedom fighters, where every single piece of technology -- computers, planes, cars, phones, even lights -- has mysteriously blacked out forever. ahmetkozan Our entire way of life depends on electricity. So what would happen if it just stopped working? Well, one day, like a switch turned off, the world is suddenly thrust back into the dark ages. Planes fall from the sky, hospitals shut down, and communication is impossible. And without any modern technology, who can tell us why? Now, 15 years later, life is back to what it once was long before the industrial revolution: families living in quiet cul-de-sacs, and when the sun goes down lanterns and candles are lit. Life is slower and sweeter. Or is it? On the fringes of small farming communities, danger lurks. And a young woman's life is dramatically changed when a local militia arrives and kills her father, who mysteriously - and unbeknownst to her - had something to do with the blackout. This brutal encounter sets her and two unlikely companions off on a daring coming-of-age journey to find answers about the past in the hopes of reclaiming the future. NBC Publicity Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Open with Miles driving a horse-drawn cart. Nora, whose knife wound has gotten infected, is in the back with Charlie and Aaron. They are hours from the nearest medical attention and Charlie starts talking about whether things are going to be okay. This leads to Aaron flashing back to the night of the blackout. He's celebrating an anniversary with his wife by taking a weekend trip on the company jet. Their limo stops in the middle of the street and a truck runs into the side of the vehicle. Monroe greets Danny at the compound. He tells him that he is his guest and anything Danny wants he can have. After Danny leaves Monroe tells Tom he's being promoted to Major, in charge of intelligence and interrogation. Miles reaches the compound of a man named Drexel, who he thinks can help Nora. He seems to be a heroin manufacturer and his poppy plants have recently been burned. But when they arrive guns are drawn and Drexel pretends he wants to shoot Miles in the head. It was a sick joke and Drexel seems a bit off. Aaron again flashes back to the blackout. He is with his wife, who is now sick. They come across a guy named Sean who tells them she probably has dysentery. Nora is in septic shock and the doctor on site wants to use Miles' blood to "freshen the pipes." Charlie takes a hot bath and flashes back to all the people she's lost recently. She goes into her bag and rips up the postcards. Jason gives his report to Monroe, telling him about Nora and the pendant Aaron is carrying. Monroe orders Tom to ask a sergeant named Strauss to go after Miles and his group. When Miles makes reference to wanting to leave, Drexel talks about the impact Miles deserting the militia had on his reputation. He still feels like Miles owes him. He tells Miles about an Irish family up the road who doesn't like heroin and keeps burning his product. Miles says he'll take care of them, but Drexel says he wants Charlie to do it instead. He thinks Charlie is the only one who'll be able to get in and threatens to kill Nora if she doesn't. Charlie is put in a fancy dress. Miles doesn't want her to go, but she doesn't think they have any other option. Aaron is opposed to the idea. Drexel comes in and says the plan is for Charlie to pretend to be one of his "regular girls," who has left because he's been roughing her up. To make it convincing he punches her in the face. Another flashback to Aaron and his wife, this time eight months after the blackout. Two men grab his wife and beat him until Sean comes to the rescue. Aaron wants Miles to go after Charlie, insisting he needs to make a choice and choose his family. Aaron says he has an idea for how to get him off the compound. Charlie arrives at the O'Halloran compound and is eventually allowed to see the head of the family, Bill. Aaron pretends that something is wrong which distracts the guards. He sends Miles down a dish shoot to the kitchen, where he takes out several guards. Bill and most of his family were police before the blackout. His daughter ran away and ended up addicted to heroin and then dead because of Drexel. Drexel brings Aaron to the front lawn. Aaron begs him to let Nora go, at which point she is brought outside and given a shot of adrenaline to wake her up. Drexel brings out a pair of small revolvers, saying the plan is for them to shoot each other. Bill stops Charlie just before she can stab him, but she hits him over the head with a dish. She prepares to stab him, but Miles grabs her hands at the last minute and says they're leaving. Drexel tells Nora and Aaron that the one who shoots the other gets to stay alive. If they refuse he'll shoot them both. We flashback again to Aaron and his wife eight months after the blackout. He feels useless as a provider, unable to make a fire or hunt. He's worried about what might happen if people go after her again. Aaron tells Nora he wants her to shoot him. He closes his eyes and says that Miles and Charlie need her, not him. She won't do it, but Aaron puts the gun to his own chest and pulls the trigger. He falls to the ground, appearing to be dead. Drexel walks over to him and Aaron sits up and shoots him. He shot himself in the flask he had in his pocket. The rest of Drexel's men let them leave. We flashback to Aaron's wife waking up to find him gone. There is a note, telling her she's better off with the group they've been with. He's left his wedding ring and is gone. Danny is brought to see his mother. 
 CSI: NY (20042013)Summaries CSI head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes using forensic science in New York City. CBS's successful CSI franchise gets transplanted to the Big Apple. Cases involving sewer rats as witnesses, a victim whose head was slammed in a pizzeria oven, and murders of commodities traders, and--of course--a Red Sox fan. CSI: NY is a bleaker, grimmer version of its Las Vegas and Miami cousins. The team is made up of a pleasantly New Yawk but indistinct cast of characters. The teams leader Detective Mac Taylor (Gary Sinise), is a former Marine from Chicago. Mac is a veteran of the NYPD who lost his wife on 9/11, and as such must work to rebuild his personal life while supervising his team. He is organized, efficient, dedicated, and very proper in his management style. His second in command for the first 6 seasons is Detective Stella Bonasera (Melina Kanakaredes), Stella is half-Greek, half-Italian, and entirely New York City. She helped Mac through the impact of his wife's death and has been by his side ever since. She is a savvy investigator, yet she often speaks before she thinks. Stella leaves New York to head a crime lab in New Orleans and is replaced by Detective Jo Danville (Sela Ward). Jo is a former FBI criminalist and an experienced psychological profiler. She and Mac quickly form a strong friendship and an even stronger working rapport. Jo is still haunted by her ousting from the FBI after blowing the whistle on improper lab procedure, so she works to regain her professional reputation. Joining them is younger CSIs Danny Messer (Carmine Giovinazzo), Aiden Burn (Vanessa Ferlito, who has since left the show), Aiden's replacement Lindsay Monroe (Anna Belknap) and medical examiner turned CSI Sheldon Hawkes (Hill Harper). Rounding out the cast is the teams legal muscle Homicide Detective Don Flack (Eddie Cahill), Medical Examiner Sid Hammerback, M.D. (Robert Joy) and lab tech Adam Ross (A. J. Buckley). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Still Know What You Did Last Summer (1998)431) The murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens, Julie and Ray, who had left him for dead, as well as cause even more murder and mayhem, this time at a posh island resort. Ever since killing the Fisherman one year ago, Julie James is still haunted by images of him after her, causes her relationship with Ray Bronson to suffer further. When her best friend Karla Wilson wins free tickets to the Bahamas, Julie finds this a perfect opportunity to finally relax. But someone is waiting for her. Someone who she thought was dead. Someone who is out again for revenge. FilmFanUK Two years after the horrible incident, Julie is back in college and is worse than ever having dreams about the killer. She gets comfort from a new friend named Will. Julie's other friend Karla tries to hook the two of them up and when she wins a trip to the Bahamas, she knows that it is perfect. But Ray is still in the picture and Julie only goes as friends. Karla, her boyfriend Tyrell, Julie, and Will take flight right before Ray encounters the fisherman again. He tries to tell Julie not to leave but it is too late. Now in the Bahamas Julie is starting to lighten up and have fun. Then suddenly things start going terribly wrong when a storm hits the Island and people start to disappear. Ray takes a boat to the island to warn Julie but will he make it on time to save Julie again from the fisherman? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Julie James had just spent a harrowing summer running for her life and dealing with the brutal murders of Helen Shivers and Barry Cox, by a vengeful fisherman named Ben Willis. One year later, Julie has fled her hometown to attend college in Boston, and left the painful memories behind her. Karla Wilson (Brandy), Julies spunky friend and roommate, wins an all-expenses-paid Bahamas vacation for four on the Fourth of July weekend, if she can name the capital of Brazil. She answers "Rio", and is told that she is correct. Julie wants to invite her boyfriend Ray on the trip, but he declines. He's hurt by her refusal to visit him in Southport, where the murders took place the previous summer. Thus Julie, Karla, Tyrell, and their new friend Will Benson, head to the Bahamas. When they get there, they find that the other hotel guests are leaving because hurricane season has begun. Soon, several murders occur at the resort, and Julie is forced to tell the others about her past. Suspicion falls on the voodoo-practicing porter Estes, who is trying to protect them. It is revealed that the vacation was arranged especially for Julie, and Karla didn't really win anything because she answered the Brazil question incorrectly. Estes leads them to a graveyard site where Ben Willis' family is buried, and there is one tombstone that has Julies name, and the years written on it in blood, with an open hole, where Ben plans to dump her body in after he kills her. It turns out that another person of the Willis' family is alive. Will Benson is in fact Ben Willis' son, and he drags Julie away from the others after killing Estes, Tyrell and Nancy. Will takes Julie to his family's graveyard and introduces Julie to his father, Ben Willis. Julie didn't know Will was related to Ben Willis. The survivors attempt to hide in a small building, but this does not work. Ray arrives just as Ben catches up with Julie and Will. In the fight between Ray and Will, Ben accidentally stabs his son with his own hook. Then Ben Willis is shot with Ray's gun by Julie. Afterwards Ray and Julie are home, in their newly-purchased house. As Julie enters her bedroom and sits down on the bed, she looks in the mirror, leaning against the bottom part of her wall, and notices the fisherman under her bed. The film ends with Ben Willis grabbing Julie by the ankles and pulling her under her bed. 
 Rush Hour (2016)Summaries TV show based on the action-comedy 'Rush Hour' films about an L.A. cop who teams up with a detective from Hong Kong. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 