nm0003928:

 Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)541) Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. Roommates Jesse and Chester, both who have more than just a few cards short of a full deck, are stoner dudes who don't even do their jobs as pizza delivery guys well. They awaken one morning having little recollection of what they did the previous night, due to being wasted. They discover that their kitchen is full of prepackaged pudding, how they got all the pudding they are unaware. From a telephone message they receive, they come to the realization that at some point during the previous night they were at a party at the house of their girlfriends, twins Wanda and Wilma, and that today is their one year anniversary, which they did remember as they already bought the twins gifts. But the worst thing in not remembering what happened last night is that Jesse's car is missing. In trying to find out what happened to the car, they believe they have to recreate the feeling and mindset of last night, meaning getting wasted all over again. In trying to find the car, they, being the types that area easily distracted, get sidetracked by one item after another, most specifically the potential of having sex with hot babes (sex with which Wanda and Wilma have not yet provided them), and learning that they apparently had a suitcase filled with $200,000 last night, the suitcase and therefore the money to which they don't know what happened. During their day of discovery, they also end up encountering one group of alien wannabes, and two groups of actual aliens, all three groups who are after the continuum transfunctioner which they believe Jesse and Chester have. Jesse and Chester don't know where it is let alone what it is, but these three groups seem to be willing to do whatever necessary to get it from Jesse and Chester. In the process, Jesse and Chester may have to make decisions which may not only save their lives and those of Wanda, Wilma and their best friend Nelson, a zen-master, but that of the entire universe. But most importantly, they may actually find Jesse's car after all is said and done. Huggo Jesse and Chester, two bumbling stoners, wake up one morning from a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car which prompts them on a journey to find it and along the way, they encounter a variety of people who include their angry girlfriends Wilma and Wanda whose house they trashed, an angry street gang, a transexual stripper hounding them for a suitcase full of stolen money, a cult of alien seeking fanatics, and a group of aliens in human form looking for a mystical device that could save or destroy the world. Matthew Patay <pataygs@voicenet.com> Jesse and Chester are two potheads who got so wasted the night before, they don't remember a thing! All they know is Jesse's car is gone and they encounter a transsexual stripper who wants his/her suitcase of stolen money, a group of alien-seeking nerds and an angry street gang. And their girlfriends Wilma and Wanda are super-pissed that they trashed their house. And they must find a "continum transfuctioner", a mystical device that could either save or destroy the world. And a group of jumpsuit-wearing, sexy-as-hell, aliens posing as humans want it.... Matt Whiteside <RavenWerkheiserHexorcist> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jesse (Ashton Kutcher) and Chester (Seann William Scott) are two dim-witted potheads who wake up one morning and can't remember what happened the night before. There is a lifetime supply of pudding in the kitchen. Their girlfriends The Twins, Wanda (Jennifer Garner) and Wilma (Marla Sokoloff), call and remind them it's their one-year anniversary. Jesse and Chester decide they must have gotten the twins gifts and they are in the car. They go outside and cannot find Jesse's car. It is decided that they need to practice altered conscious memory retrieval by putting themselves into the state of mind of the night before. They go to their friend Nelson's (David Herman) house where they have a talk about reclaiming their memory as well as watch Nelson's cannabis-loving dog smoke on a pipe. Later, they are hungry from smoking all that weed and decide to go to Chinese Foooood, a drive-through Chinese restaurant where the belligerent woman, who takes their order, annoys Jesse so much by repeating "and then?" that he destroys the drive-up speaker. Being a pacifist against violence, Nelson drops them off on the street where they meet the local hot girl Christie Boner (Kristy Swanson), "el fuego of all that is el fuego". They are surprised when she recognizes them and tells them what a nice time she had the night before. Then her jock boyfriend Tommy (Charlie O'Connell) shows up with his friends and threatens "stoner bashin' time" if Jesse and Chester talk to Christie again. In an effort to retrace their steps, they end up at the Kitty Kat Club, a local strip bar where they are well known by the dancers, further perplexing them as to what exactly happened the night before. Here Jesse meets Tania, a "gender challenged male" who angrily tells him that she gave him a suitcase full of stolen money to keep safe for her and she wants it back. Jesse and Chester decide to go to The Twins' house to try to remember the night before. They try to help The Twins clean the house but fail when they accidentally spill garbage all over the living room floor. Wilma and Wanda kick them out proclaiming they never do anything right. At this point the Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by a group of space nerds who follow Zoltan (Hal Sparks). The nerds tell them that last night they were in possession of a mysterious and powerful device called the Continuum Transfunctioner, and the nerds are searching for this device. Upon being dropped off back on Main Street, the guys visit the local tailor, Mr. Lee, who gives them their special suits that they ordered the night before. They both find matching tattoos on their backs. Jesse's reads 'Dude' and Chester's reads 'Sweet'. Chester finds a Rubik's Cube in his suit. They also realize they have cell phones and have leased a convertible sports car. Sweet! Out on the street, they are approached by five strange-looking women, wearing black jumpsuits, who proclaim themselves 'Hot Chicks'. They offer to give Jesse and Chester "erotic pleasure" in exchange for the Continuum Transfunctioner. Tania once again shows up asking for her money and the five Hot Chicks disappear. At this point Jesse and Chester are arrested by the police after being mistaken for thieves and are interrogated at the police station by a pair of overzealous beat cops. Once they are proved innocent, they find out that their car was found last night by the police, but unfortunately it was impounded by the sight-challenged officer Rick. Meanwhile, the five Hot Chicks travel to the pizza parlor where Jesse and Chester work to look for them, when they meet Tommy and his goons engorging on some pizza just as Kristie has had enough of Tommy's macho attitude and she walks out on him. The Hot Chicks approach Tommy and offer him "erotic pleasure" if they can get the Continuum Transfunctioner away from Jesse and Chester. Tommy sends them to the workplace of The Twins, who work as councilors at a local blind school and summer camp. Wilma and Wanda meet the Hot Chicks who ask the whereabouts of Jesse and Chester, and they become angry. At the same time, Tommy and his friends kidnap Nelson, and call Jesse and Chester to arrange the transfer of Nelson for the Continuum Transfunctioner. After leaving the police station, Jesse and Chester meet a pair of gay-looking Nordic dudes who claim to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They lent it to Jesse and Chester the night before. But the guys are more suspicious than ever and shake the two mysterious guys off. Our heroes go home to their house only to meet The Twins who break up with them. Overcome with love for The Twins, Jesse and Chester realize they must have really good anniversary gifts in the car and resume the search. Jesse and Chester arrive at a car impound lot where they are told that their car was sold at an auction, but eventually they are able to get the address of the buyer. At this point they are once again approached by the Nordic dudes and they send them to Chinese Foooood to keep them busy with the non-English speaking Chinese lady over the order intercom. While they are on their way to the buyer's place, Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by the space nerds again and taken to their leader's country house, only to find out The Twins are bound and gagged and being held hostage by Zoltan until he receives the Continuum Transfunctioner. Jesse and Chester are allowed to leave and they follow the address of the man who purchased their car at an auction to a very secure ostrich compound. They sneak in over the fence only to be attacked by several ostriches and are then captured and caged for poaching by the compound owner Pierre (Brent Spiner), an eccentric ostrich breeder. Jesse and Chester are freed when Chester knows the answer to the question Pierre poses thanks to his constant watching of Animal Planet. Pierre offers to give them their car back only to discover it has been stolen from the compound. All Pierre was able to recover was a locker key from a locker at Captain Stu's Space-O-Rama, a local miniature golf course and video arcade. As nightfall arrives, Jesse and Chester arrive at the Space-O-Rama and find a stash of cool stuff in the locker, including Captain Stu tickets, a cool straw, and the suitcase full of money. Tania and her transsexual boyfriend, Patty, show up and take the money. Jesse and Chester use the Captain Stu tickets to buy a fake Continuum Transfunctioner. They then call Zoltan and Tommy claiming that they have the Continuum Transfunctioner. Zoltan shows up and trades The Twins for the fake Transfunctioner. Just then, Tommy shows up and steals the fake Transfunctioner and lets Nelson free. The five Hot Chicks and the two Nordic Dudes show up, both claiming to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. Even Christie Boner shows up and has a quick meeting of the minds with Nelson, while Jesse and Chester's boss, also shows up with pizza after Chester anonymously called requesting pizza. Just then, Chester finally solves the Rubik's Cube (which he has been working on the entire time since finding it in his colored suit) which suddenly glows and morphs into a strange silver-painted globe and it is revealed to be the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Transfunctioner is now activated and will destroy the universe unless the true Keepers can turn it off. Jesse and Chester decide who the real Keepers are by asking a question about the 18th hole of putt-putt the night before. Only the real Keepers know that they won a lifetime supply of pudding by getting a hole in one. The two alien Nordic dudes answer correctly and are given back the Transfunctioner which they deactivate. The universe is saved until the Hot Chicks scream with rage and morph into a "Super Hot Giant Alien Chick" and go after the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Nordic Dudes attempt to use the device to banish the giant to Hoboken, New Jersey, only to get flung aside, and the Transfunctioner lands in Jesse's hands. The Giant Alien Chick then eats Tommy, while Christie reacts with indifference. Jesse and Chester are forced to run outside in the putt-putt golf course and the Giant Chick follows them. Jesse and Chester must activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam to destroy her. Chester once again saves the day thanks to his love of Animal Planet by using a straw as a tool to push the button. Tommy however is still alive when he gets blown out of the giant alien chick's body. Christie falls in love with Nelson. The Nordic Dudes take the space nerds to a party on the Crab Nebula. Everyone's memory is erased by the Nordic Dudes as they use the Continuum Transfuctioner to reverse time to the very beginning of the movie. In the morning, Jesse and Chester can't remember the night before, but at least they find the car outside (which was hidden behind a mail truck this whole time) and drive to The Twins house where they exchange gifts and receive a special gift from the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They get in the car to drive and get some Chinese Foooood. 
 Scrubs (20012010)Summaries In the unreal world of Sacred Heart Hospital, intern John "J.D." Dorian learns the ways of medicine, friendship and life. Set in the fictional Sacred Heart hospital in California, John "J.D" Dorian makes his way through the overwhelming world of medicine, with the help of his best friend, his fellow rookie doctors, and the arrogant, but brilliant attending physician he views as his mentor. minecraftman707 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cougar Town (20092015)Summaries Follows the escapades and relationships of a group of neighbors living in Gulfhaven, Florida. Teenager Travis may live in Florida's leisurely Cougar Town, it's not easy being the son of his divorced parents: over-protective Jules and lazybones Bobby. Jules obsessively draws attention, wins sympathy and 'benignly' bosses everyone around. That includes her real estate office deputy Laurie, neighbor Ellie- who rules her devoted Cuban husband Andy Torres with iron hand- and in various modes hunky new neighbor and barman Grayson, all forming a quarrelsome gang. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 That '70s Show (1998 )55) A comedy revolving around a group of teenage friends, their mishaps, and their coming of age, set in 1970s Wisconsin. Eric Forman is a typical high school student growing up in Wisconsin in 1976 with his family and his friends. Together, they have the same kind of joys and sorrows that just about every teenager has while growing up. This show parodied many of the attitudes, events and fads of the 70s, along with those who grew up at the time. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Back in the days of Led Zeppelin 8-tracks, TaB colas, and Farrah Fawcett posters, "That '70s Show" continues to flashback to the times where bell bottoms were the hip thing. Set in the Wisconsin suburbs, Eric Forman lives under the authority of his parents, Red and Kitty. Next door is his girlfriend/neighbor, Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Jackie, and her on again-off again boyfriend, Kelso, Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world, and Fez, a foreign exchange student who is soaking up American culture like a sponge. The gang mostly likes to spend their time in Eric's basement, pondering their lives, parents, and their futures, but they get into many funny mishaps and adventures in their teenage lives. Scott That 70's Show revolves the lives of several 17-year-olds living in Point Place, Wisconsin, 1976. The head of the group is Eric Forman who lives under the authority of parents Red and Kitty. Living next door is girlfriend Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Fez, a foreign-exchange student who's soaking up American culture like a sponge, Jackie Burkhart, her on-again, off-again boyfriend Michael Kelso, and Steven Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world. The gang usually spends their time in Eric's basement, thinking of their lives, parents, and futures, but they manage to get into funny adventures and mishaps along the way through their teenage lives. Alex Madison <SouthParkFan1-2905> Set in the mid-late 1970s, when Nixon was president, Pink Floyd and Led Zepplin were big, Pong was America's #1 video game, shaggy orange and green carpets, and sodas and cars were cheap, "That '70s Show" follows the daily lives of 6 teenagers led by Eric Foreman, while living in the fictional suburb of Point Place, Wisconsin. The 6 have been friends since grade school, with the exception of Fez, who is from an unknown country. From the luxury and comfort of the Foreman basement and Fatso Burger, two of the gangs local hangouts to the speed of Eric's Vista Cruiser, the gang shares many misadventures alongside their families while growing up and trying to survive Midwestern suburbia in the decade that brought America to its knees. Kidd-Carl It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 