nm0006439:

 The Bling Ring (2013)321) Inspired by actual events, a group of fame-obsessed teenagers use the internet to track celebrities' whereabouts in order to rob their homes. Quiet teenager Marc Hall arrives as a new student at Indian Hills High School in Agoura Hills, California. He is befriended by fame-obsessed Rebecca Ahn. While at a party at Rebecca's house, the pair check unlocked vehicles on the street, taking valuables such as cash and credit cards. When Marc mentions that one of his wealthy acquaintances is out of town, Rebecca persuades him to join her in breaking into his house. Rebecca steals a handbag, mentioning that her idol, Lindsay Lohan, has the same one. She also steals cash and the keys to a Porsche, which the pair use to flee the scene. With the cash, the two go on a shopping spree, affording themselves the luxury lifestyle they admire in magazines. Marc visits a nightclub with Rebecca and her friends Nicki Moore, Nicki's adoptive sister Sam, and Chloe Tainer, where they rub shoulders with celebrities such as Kirsten Dunst and Paris Hilton. While researching Hilton on the Internet, Marc and Rebecca realize that she will be out of town. The pair go to her house, and finding the key under the doormat, they go through Hilton's belongings, taking some jewelry. Rebecca then flaunts a stolen bracelet to Nicki, Sam, and Chloe at a party.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Five teenagers climb over an iron gate and break into the mansion at the top of the driveway. The gang's ringleader, Rebecca (Katie Chang), playfully says, "Let's go shopping". The teen robbers steal jewelry, clothing, and artwork before climbing back over the gate. A security camera records their movements. One year earlier. Nicki (Emma Watson) and her quasi-adopted sister Sam (Taissa Farmiga) wake up after a night of partying and grinding against random older men. They go downstairs, where Nicki's mom Laurie (Leslie Mann) gives them their morning dose of Ritalin and leads them in a new age prayer. Laurie home schools the girls and her younger daughter Emily (Georgia Rock) and she begins their lesson, which is based on the book, "The Secret." Elsewhere, Marks (Israel Broussard) mom drives him to his first day at Indian Hills, an alternative high school. Mark struggles to fit in until he meets Rebecca, who shows him around the school. After school, Rebecca and Chloe (Claire Julian) invite Mark to go to the beach with them to smoke pot. Rebecca tells Mark that she wants to go to the same fashion design school as the girls from The Hills. She loves Hollywood's celebrity-crazed culture, and thinks of Lindsey Lohan as her fashion idol. Rebecca tells Mark and Chloe that her mom and her stepdad are out of town, so shes throwing a small party. Later that night, Mark goes to Rebecca's party. She finds him on his own and asks him about his life. When Mark mentions that his dad works for a film distribution company, Rebecca is impressed by his connections to the biz. She asks Mark if he wants to go look at cars outside. Rebecca walks down her street and breaks in to unlocked cars, much to Marks surprise. She finds hundreds of dollars in cash in one car and a bag of pills in another. Although Mark seems uncomfortable with stealing, he doesnt leave, and in fact, begins to help Rebecca. The next week, Rebecca takes Mark for a drive after school. She confesses that she recently went into an unlocked house in her neighborhood because she knew the family was on a vacation. She asks Mark if he knows anyone who is out of town, and he gives her the name of Evan, a boy with whom he hooked up. Rebecca drives to Evans house and is impressed by how large it is. Mark becomes alarmed when Rebecca finds an unlocked door and goes inside, and he tells her they should leave. Rebecca ignores him and explores Evans house. She eventually finds the master bedroom, and in it, a closet full of expensive purses, including one that is similar to one owned by Lindsey Lohan. She steals the purse and a wad of cash she finds in another drawer. Instead of driving away in her own car, Rebecca hops into the sleek convertible parked outside of Evans house. Mark thinks Rebecca is crazy but still climbs into the convertible with her and helps her spend the money she stole at a trendy boutique. Over the following weeks, Mark and Rebecca become even closer. Chloe takes Rebecca and Mark to a nightclub; they get in right away because Chloe is sleeping with the clubs manager Ricky (Gavin Rossdale). Inside, Rebecca introduces Mark to Nicki and Sam. Everyone dances and drinks and takes pictures of their nightclub antics. Nicki claims Jude Law has been texting her nonstop, and Mark spots Paris Hilton and Kirsten Dunst. One night, Mark and Rebecca are looking at celebrity gossip websites and fashion magazines. When Mark tells Rebecca that Paris Hilton is in Las Vegas at a club opening, she asks him to look up Paris's address. Mark finds it online, and Rebecca suggests they go to her house. She wants to break into it and look around. She correctly guesses that Paris is the type to keep her house keys under her welcome mat. Mark starts to panic when he and Rebecca actually enter Paris's mansion, but he becomes distracted when he sees how Paris has decorated her home with pictures of herself. Mark and Rebecca wander through the mansion until they find Pariss gigantic dressing rooms. Rebecca grabs a purse and begins to stuff clothing and jewelry into it. Mark wants to leave, but he is again distracted when he and Rebecca discover Pariss nightclub room, complete with a stripper pole. The two teens take their loot and leave. In an interview set in the future, after he and Rebecca have been caught, Mark says he came to love Rebecca as a sister. She was his first true best friend, which makes their current situation that much more awful. Mark confesses he felt self-loathing at the times of the robberies and wanted to fit in, so he went along with Rebeccas plans. Later, Mark and Rebecca watch an interview with Audrina Patridge. Rebecca loves her sense of style and tells Mark he should look up her address. Mark finds the address, and when they learn Audrina will be at an Oscar Party all night, they decide to break into her home, as well. After successfully robbing Audrinas home, Rebecca and Mark become more brazen and confess their crimes to Chloe, Nicki, and Sam. Nicki becomes obsessed with going to Pariss home to see her nightclub room. I want to rob, she whines. Eventually, when they learn Paris is in Miami, Rebecca and Mark take their friends back to Pariss home. They break in and explore her shoe closet together, although Mark is the only person who can fit into Pariss large heels. They find a stack of Polaroid pictures of Paris (it's implied they're pornographic), but the real score is a bag of cocaine they find in one of Paris's purses. The gang steals clothing, accessories, money, and the bag of cocaine. They snort it at a nightclub, and after much drug-fueled dancing, Chloe drives them home. Unfortunately, she runs a red light, and another car crashes into hers. No one suffers serious injuries, but Chloe is arrested and must clock many hours of community service. Laurie leads Nicki, Sam, and Emily in a daily lesson. She tells the girls to make vision boards filled with people whom they admire; hers is of Angelina Jolie. Someone rings the doorbell. When Nicki answers it, she meets Rob (Carlos Miranda), a handsome water jug delivery man. Mark and Rebecca continue to rob famous celebrities, often with the help of Nicki and Sam. They break into Megan Fox's home and find a gun hidden in a box under their bed. Sam takes the gun and messes around with it, carelessly pointing at people. Mark gets upset when she points the gun at him, which makes her laugh and tease him with the weapon. Later that night, after the robbery, Sam climbs through Robs window and points the gun at him. He grabs her wrist, the gun fires, and she screams. Rob silences her by kissing her passionately. Unbeknownst to the gang of teenagers, Audrina Patridge had security cameras installed in her home. She gave footage from the night of the robbery to police officers, and a specialist finds a clip where Marks face is shown. Rebecca and Mark learn that Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom are in New York, so they invite Chloe, Nicki, and Sam to break into their house with them. Miranda and Orlando's home is the mansion with a gate in the opening scene. Inside, Mark finds a box filled with thousands of dollars and several Rolex watches. On her way out, Rebecca grabs a rug and a painting, which Mark feels is going a bit overboard. Next, Rebecca, Mark, Nicki, and Sam break into Rachel Bilson's home by having Emily crawl through the doggy door. Later that night, they go to a party thrown by Chloe and brag to numerous people that they've broken into the homes of multiple celebrities. A news report shows footage from the robberies at Audrina Patridge's home and the home of Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom. Mark and Chloe want to lay off breaking into homes for a while, but Rebecca points out that nothing has happened to them. Mark later confesses that that was the problem: nothing happened after the news report, so they kept breaking into peoples homes. They take Rob to Pariss house with Nicki and Sam, and they also break into the home of Lindsey Lohan. Chloe also takes Mark to Rickys club so that Ricky can help Mark fence his stolen Rolexes. The teens continue to brag about their exploits to many people. Eventually, someone calls the police and gives them their names. Rebecca decides to go and stay with her divorced father in Las Vegas because of problems she has been having with her mom. She asks Mark to hang onto to some of her stolen belongings, which he happily agrees to do. Not long after, detectives come to Marks home and serve his mother with a search warrant of the premises. Mark emerges from his room, crying, and apologizes to his mom. The detectives arrest him. Next, they go to Nicki's house and arrest her too. Nicki cries for her mom and complains that the detectives are hurting her. Chloe, Rob, and Ricky are arrested too. Mark learns that Rebecca purposely left Los Angeles because she thought she could escape prosecution and blame the crimes on him. Detectives in Las Vegas arrive at Rebecca's dads house and serve her with a search warrant. Rebecca initially denies she had anything to do with the robberies, but when officers find stolen goods and Paris's Polaroid pictures in her closet, she breaks down. Nicki parlays her notoriety into an interview with Vanity Fair (which was the inspiration for the movie). She explains to her interviewer that shes a good person who made bad decisions, and the true story will emerge once the case goes to trial. Nicki becomes angry when Laurie interrupts her during the interview and tries to talk about their church, which is also based on The Secret. Nicki claims she works at the church but cannot recall the name of the African country where church members go to build wells. As the trial approaches, Nicki tries to find a conservative outfit to wear to court. Sam sits on her bed and watches her dress (Note: the police could not find evidence that put Sam at the scene of the crimes, so Sam has not been charged with anything). On the day of the trial, Nicki tells the cameras she will make a statement. She blames the burglaries on karma and believes people will want to hear her side of events. Her mom, Sam, and Emily accompany her into the courtroom, where the other defendants wait. Mark looks sadly at Rebecca, who stares straight ahead. Nicki, Chloe, Rob, and Ricky are found guilty and sentenced to one year in county jail. Rebecca and Mark are sentenced to four years in prison. Nicki cries as she exits the courtrooms. Later, Mark, dressed in an orange jumpsuit and shackled to other, older, more hardened men, climbs aboard a bus that will take him to prison. The film ends with Nicki giving an interview to a Hollywood Access type. She served thirty days in jail, and the hardest part for her was waking up so early. She also shared a jail block with Lindsey Lohan. Nicki asks viewers to follow her new life at nickiforever.com in the aftermath of her tenure as member of the so-called 'Bling Ring'. 
 The L Word (I) (20042009)Summaries Follows the lives and loves of a small, close-knit group of gay women living in Los Angeles as well as the friends and family members that either support or loathe them. 'The L Word' follows the lives and loves of a group of lesbian friends living in Los Angeles. The main character, Jenny, is a recent graduate of the University of Chicago, who moves to Los Angeles to live with her boyfriend Tim and begin a professional writing career. Jenny's life is turned upside down when she attends a party hosted by Tim's next-door neighbors, Bette and Tina, a lesbian couple who are about to take the step into parenthood after being together for seven years. A brief encounter at the party with Marina, the owner of the local coffeehouse, suddenly has Jenny thrust into a whole new world that makes her question her own sexual orientation. Other friends of Bette and Tina include Dana, a professional tennis player who is shy but eager to meet the right woman; Alice, a magazine writer who has a brief relationship with a self-identified "lesbian" man; and Shane, a hairstylist who can't stick to just one woman, and Kit, Bette's half sister who struggles with alcoholism. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Single Man (2009)541) An English professor, one year after the sudden death of his boyfriend, is unable to cope with his typical days in 1960s Los Angeles. It's November 30, 1962. Native Brit George Falconer, an English professor at a Los Angeles area college, is finding it difficult to cope with life. Jim, his personal partner of sixteen years, died in a car accident eight months earlier when he was visiting with family. Jim's family were not going to tell George of the death or accident, let alone allow him to attend the funeral. This day, George has decided to get his affairs in order before he will commit suicide that evening. As he routinely and fastidiously prepares for the suicide and post suicide, George reminisces about his life with Jim. But George spends this day with various people, who see a man sadder than usual and who affect his own thoughts about what he is going to do. Those people include Carlos, a Spanish immigrant/aspiring actor/gigolo recently arrived in Los Angeles; Charley, his best friend who he knew from England, she who is a drama queen of a woman who romantically desires her best friend despite his sexual orientation; and Kenny Potter, one of his students, who seems to be curious about his professor beyond English class. Huggo On what he plans will be the last day of his life, George Falconer reflects on his past, particularly on the death of his partner of 16 years, Jim, who was killed in a car crash some months before. He's decided to take his own life that evening and meticulously plans the event, hoping out loud that he can just make it through the day. He goes to his class, he's a college English professor, and stops at the bank to collect his insurance policies and other documents from his safe deposit box. He then lays everything out on his desk, writing notes to friends and his housekeeper. He fondly recalls meeting Jim at the end of World War II and their subsequent life together. Now, in October 1962 with the Cuban missile crisis upon them, George lectures his class on fear. As the time approaches for him to end it all, one of his students wants to spend time with him and his friend Charley, who he's known since his days in England, invites him for dinner where she obviously sees something is wrong. As the evening wears on, George reconsiders but fate intervenes. garykmcd London-bred greater L.A. literature professor George Falconer is shattered by the news his perfect gay partner, architect Jim, died in a car accident while visiting his Denver family, which won't even invite George for the funeral. The professor contemplates and elaborately prepares to leave the life he now considers meaningless, even after an opportunity to date hot Carlos from Madrid, no longer finding support with jealous, married neighbor-friend Charley, who also immigrated from England. Then his knavish-angelic student Kenny Potter, whom George presumed straight, cheekily but respectfully enters his life, rekindling a taste for joy as well as a fatherly sense of responsibility. But nature surprises them. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. George Falconer (Colin Firth) approaches a car accident in the middle of a snow-white scenery. There is a bloodied man there and he kisses him. He wakes up: he was dreaming about the moment when his partner of 16 years, Jim (Mathew Goode), died--though he was not there with him because Jim was visiting his disapproving family on his own. George remembers the phone ringing on that fateful day, when Jim's cousin told him about the fatal accident, and how George was not welcome to attend the funeral, because of the family's homophobia (common for the period and later). George remembers breaking down to Charley (Julianne Moore) that day, his best friend from his life in London, who had also relocated to LA; once briefly sexually attached to George before he was completely honest with himself, she may still feel attracted to him. George showers and dresses. It's November 30, 1962, the eve of the Cuban missile crisis. Though British, he is now a professor of English at UCLA. He is depressed, never having recovered from his loss; and when he leaves for work, he packs a gun in his briefcase. He tells his cleaning lady Alva (Paulette Lamori) that she has always been wonderful - in spite of her having forgotten to take out the bread from the fridge. George hugs her, which leaves her utterly confused. On campus, George notices a couple of students, chain-smoking Lois (Nicole Steinwedell) and a boy. One of the secretaries (Keri Lynn Pratt) tells him that she has given his address to some nice new student; it turns out to be this boy, Kenny Potter (Nicholas Hoult), who talks to him after class about the speech George has just given out in the classroom concerning minorities and fear. Kenny discusses recreational drug use with Kenny who tells him that he had never heard George express himself so openly in class as he had that day. He buys George a pencil sharpener as a token of gratitude for George's talking with him. George phones Charley, who is dressing for the dinner they have planned at her home. George gets into his car, and picks his gun after having cleaned up his office. However, Kenny appears once again, and invites him to go for a drink, observing George's depression and having noticed that he has cleaned out the desk in his office. George tells him it will have to be some other time. He goes to the bank to pick up various things from his safe deposit box, and when looking at a photo of his deceased lover, recalls a conversation with him on the beach. After buying some bullets, he goes to a convenience store. There, Carlos (Jon Kortajarena) bumps onto him, breaking the bottle of Scotch he has just bought. George buys a new bottle of Scotch and they talk. They smoke a few cigarettes and drink a bottle of gin together. George leaves, refusing Carlos' offer of company, saying that this is a serious day for him and that he's trying to get over an old love. At home, he puts on a record and remembers a conversation with Jim while each one was reading a different book on a couch. He pretends shooting himself as practice for later that night, but in a semi-comic scene, can't find the best position in which to accomplish it. Charley calls to remind him of their dinner plans, which he grudgingly attends after leaving a note and some money for Alva. They dance and talk about London, life, Charley's ex-husband's abandonment, and she offends George by suggesting that they might have had a "normal" life together if he hadn't been a "poof." Charley says George doesn't look well, reminding him of the heart attack he suffered near the time of Jim's death. Charley tries to convince George to spend the night at her home, but he leaves. The scene flashes back to 1946 when Jim and George had met when at a bar. Jim was on leave from the Navy, right after the second world war. Returning to1962, we see George returning to the same bar, near his home; now a quiet place where he asks for a Scotch. Kenny has followed him there. They talk and then go to the beach and swim naked. They go to George's place. As George's forehead is bleeding, Kenny tends to it, and sees in the medicine's cabinet a nude photo of Jim. George sees Kenny strip off his wet clothes, but does nothing. Kenny says that he and Lois are not romantically involved. Not unlike George and Charley in the distant past, Kenny explains that they had a brief sexual liaison. Kenny and George do not have sex, and Kenny stays on the couch, given the very late hour. George wakes in a few hours, and finds his gun under Kenny's covers and removes it, locking it up as Kenny sleeps. When he returns to bed, George dies of a heart attack, seeing the image of Jim kissing his forehead. 
 House of 1000 Corpses (2003)541) Two young couples traveling across the backwoods of Texas searching for urban legends of murder end up as prisoners of a bizarre and sadistic backwater family of serial killers. On the eve of Halloween, on October 1977, four friends--Bill, Jerry, Mary, and Denise--embark on an exciting cross-country road trip to write a guidebook about offbeat roadside attractions in America's less-travelled roads. Before long, the young explorers chance upon Captain Spaulding's Museum of Monsters and Madmen, only to become infatuated with the local legend of a deranged serial-killer doctor, and cross paths with the mysterious hitchhiker, Baby. However, when the unsuspecting group meets Baby's eccentric family after having a flat tyre, an endless night of terror, torture, and murder ensues. Has anyone ever got out alive from the House of Thousand Corpses? Nick Riganas In "House of 1000 Corpses", two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of America in search of a local legend known as Dr. Satan. Lost and stranded, they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics. Murder, cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await. Anonymous Jerry, Bill, Mary, and Denise are two couples out on the road in hopes of writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. When the four meet Captain Spaulding, they learn of the legend of Dr. Satan. When the four take off in search of finding the tree that Dr. Satan was hung from, they pick up hitchhiker Baby. When their car breaks down, Baby invites them into her house. This is where the two couples meet the Firefly family, a murderous clan of bizarre people. As the family attacks the unsuspecting couples, Jerry and his friends try to survive the house of 1000 corpses and it's dark secrets. strangerzero Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After an opening black-and-white segment of a TV horror host named Dr. Wolfenstein introducing a Halloween movie marathon, there is a TV commercial advertisement where a old redneck clown named Captain Spaulding (Sid Haig) introducing his tourist attraction, titled 'Captain Spaulding's Museum of Monsters and Madmen' which is a place featuring serial killer attractions and fried chicken, as well as decorated with oddities and collectables. At Captain Spaulding's Museum of Monsters and Madmen, it is a run-down gas station out in the middle of nowhere, near the small Texas town of Ruggsville. The date is October 30, 1977. The local sheriff is filling up his car while feeding his pet dog some fried chicken wings. Inside, Captain Spaulding is having a conversation with an old decrepit local man named Stucky (Michael J. Pollard) over a topless autographed photo of June Wilkinson and about the local simpleton who works down the road. When Stucky goes to the nearby restroom, two masked thugs break into the gas station/museum, who for some reason thought it was a good idea to rob a store obviously run by psychopaths. As the two men hold Stucky and Spaulding at gunpoint, the tough-talking lead thug, named Killer Karl, demands that Spaulding hand over the cash register, while the other thug, whom is clearly mentally retarded, holds Stucky back. Spaulding refuses to open the cash register, and with a gun pointed at his face, defiantly says things like "fuck yo Mama!" "fuck you sister!" to Killer Karl. Stucky seems to recognize the second robber as Richard Wick, the local simpleton who works down at the local hardware store. Suddenly, a third man comes crashing through the front door, dressed in overalls and wearing a gigantic clown helmet. He is clutching a mallet which he puts to good use by literally beating Killer Karl down, while Richard Wick panics and shoots off his gun, hitting Stucky, but missing Captain Spaulding who pulls out a gun of his own and shoots Richard in the head, killing him. Seeing that Killer Karl is still alive sprawled out on the floor, Spaulding walks up to him, points his gun at his face and says, "but most of all, fuck YOU!", and then fires, killing Karl. After the opening credits, we then see a group of four kids, Denise (Erin Daniels), Mary (Jennifer Jostyn), Bill (Rainn Wilson), and Jerry (Chris Hardwick), whom are driving down backwoods Texas roads while the radio reports that a group of cheerleaders have gone missing in the area. They go to the gas and fried chicken shop where Spaulding still resides, they arrive just as Spaulding is moping up a huge bloodstain on the floor. Despite being a twisted murderer, he happily takes the four on a tour through a serial killer themed ride in his museum (featuring Ed Gein and the like). The man with the mallet from the opening massacre is operating the cart on the ride. He is Spaulding's assistant Ravelini (Irwin Keyes), he's deformed and very freaky. After the ride, Jerry inquires about a local serial killer named Dr. Satan who was hanged and vanished, never to be seen again. Spaulding clearly becomes uncomfortable talking about Dr. Satan, but after being pestered, decides to give them the address of the tree where Satan was hung. As the four teens continue their journey, it begins to rain. Soon, the four of them pick up a female hitchhiker. The hitchhiker is a beautiful young woman who introduces herself as Baby (Sherri Moon). Despite her beauty, Baby is acts strangely and things get stranger when the car suddenly gets a flat tire (the tire was pierced by a shotgun blast by a mysterious man crouched by the side of the road). Eventually a tow truck arrives, driven by the shooter Rufus, whom is Baby's older brother. He tows their truck to his house, a large creepy home with scarecrows and mangled baby dolls. While Rufus works on the car, the four teens are introduced to another member of the clan, Mother Firefly (Karen Black), an ugly woman with rotten teeth who is the mother of the household. The four are coerced into having dinner with the bunch and are introduced to the hideously deformed seven-foot tall Tiny (Matthew McGrory) (who wears a mask because Mother Firefly claims that he was burned in a terrible fire started by her former husband Earl). Also introducing himself is the surly, foul-mouthed Grandpa Hugo (Dennis Fimple). While the uncomfortable dinner takes place, in an upstairs bedroom, a family member named Otis (Bill Moseley) is ranting at and torturing the five missing cheerleaders from the radio transmission. He then goes downstairs and joins the family dinner where he talks with the four creeped-out teens about the legend of Dr. Satan, and of their curiosity about the case. The family puts on a painfully strange Halloween show for the group, starting with Grandpa Hugo giving a foul-mouthed comedy routine, which only Jerry finds funny. Baby comes out on the stage lip-synching to a 1940s pop song. The show ends badly when Mary starts a fight with Baby when she starts flirting with Bill. Baby then comes after Mary with a pocket knife while Mother Firefly is barely able to hold her back. Fortunately, Rufus arrives and announces that he has fixed their car and the four teenagers immediately drive out of harm's way. While Bill drives the car away, two of the scarecrows surrounding the driveway come alive (it's actually Otis and Tiny) and they begin beating Bill and Jerry and smashing up the car. All four are taken hostage again. The four teens are held captive in various rooms in the house and the family subjects them to unspeakable acts of mental and physical torture. Bill is the first to die when he is completely mutilated beyond recognition by Otis, who refers to his corpse as "Fishboy". Jerry has the skin on his head peeled open by Baby who taunts the stoned-out guy over her interests in music. In the basement of the house, the captive Denise coerces Tiny into setting her free, but she is recaptured by Otis and thrown into a cage with other captives who attack her. Meanwhile, Denise's father, Don (Harrison Young), becomes worried about his daughter when she doesn't phone the next morning. He drives out to the small town where Denise phoned from the previous night and enlists the help of two local state troopers, Wydell (Tom Towles) and Naish (Walton Goggins), and the three of them head to where the kids were last seen. The trio arrive at Spaulding's museum to question him about Denise and her friends. After putting up with Spaulding's antics and one-liners for a few moments, he tells the two policemen where he sent the kids. On their way the three of them find Denise's car, with the dead body of one of the murdered cheerleaders in the trunk. After having the local sheriff tow away the car to the crime lab, Wydell, Naish, and Don arrive at the Firefly house to question the owners to the whereabouts of the missing kids. While Wydell goes inside the front door and talks to Mother Firefly about his search for Denise and her three friends, Naish and Don sneak around out back to look for any foul play. They come upon a locked tool shed. Naish breaks down the door, and finds a horrific sight: the tortured, but still living Mary, is tied to the ceiling and she writhes around in terror. Surrounding her are all the dead and mangled bodies of the missing cheerleaders. Over the song "I Remember You" by Slim Whitman, both Naish and Don flip out and go into shock, generally losing their sanity from this horrible sight. Inside the house, Wydell hears the screams from his men and rises out of his chair, but Mother Firefly suddenly pulls out a gun and shoots Wydell through the neck, killing him. Then Otis walks into the backyard with a gun blazing away, hitting Don in the back as he attempts to run, who then falls dead into a muddy pool of water. The terrified Naish drops his gun and holds his hands up high, while Otis walks up to him and points his .45 caliber gun to his forehead. Suddenly, the movie goes silent and holds on the two men for for a long moment until Otis finally fires, killing Naish instantly. The Firefly family decides to hold a massive ritual. Otis skins Don and wears his flesh like a full body cast. Rufus drives around wildly in Wydell's police car after getting drunk. Baby goes out and buys liquor from a man named G. Oober who runs the local liquor store. Otis dresses up in full satanic clothing, as do the rest, and they dress up Jerry, Mary, and Denise in bunny costumes. After arriving at a remote clearing Mary escapes and runs, but Baby chases her down and brutally stabs her to death in a graveyard where the family has buried hundreds of victims over their years of killing. Denise and Jerry are put in a coffin, alive, and lowered into an underground well-like cavern. Suddenly the coffin is opened and demonic like figures leap out of the water, grabbing Jerry and pulling him away. More underground freaks come out and rip Denise's bunny suit off. Denise wanders around underground until she comes upon a room. Inside is a bunch of surgery patients, and Dr. Satan is finally revealed as a pus-vomiting demon cyborg. Dr. Satan is currently operating on Jerry's exposed brain which seems to finally kill him. Just then, Dr. Satan's assistant, the Professor, whom is Mother Firefly's ex-husband, appears as a towering demonic cyborg, and attacks Denise with a huge axe. The Professor chases Denise down the underground passageways, until he swings his axe, and accidentally hits a cave support and part of the tunnel caves in, crushing the Professor. At dawn, Denise manages to dig to the surface and wanders to a road, where Captain Spaulding is driving by in his red coverall. He picks her up and as the two drive away, Otis suddenly sits up in the backseat with a knife. The final scene shows Denise back in Dr. Satan's underground laboratory, being tortured by the demon. Denise screams, but there is no escape. THE END....? 