nm0000644:

 City Slickers (1991)321) On the verge of turning 40, an unhappy Manhattan yuppie is roped into joining his two friends on a cattle drive in the southwest. Mitch is a middle aged big-city radio ads salesman. He and his friends Ed and Phil are having mid-life crisis. They decide the best birthday gift is to go on a two week holiday in the wild west driving cattle from New Mexico to Colorado. There they meet cowboy Curly who not only teaches them how to become real cowboys, but also one or two other things about life in the open air of the west. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mitch Robbins (Billy Crystal) and his best friends Phil Berquist (Daniel Stern) and Ed Furillo (Bruno Kirby) are in their mid-30's, and going through a collective early mid-life crisis. Ed is always suggesting adventurous outings or activities that the three can participate in. The latest, running with the bulls in Pampalona, Spain, leaves Mitch with an embarrassing visit to the doctor. Mitch is not altogether happy when Ed eagerly suggests that they go target-parachute jumping shortly thereafter. Some time passes after the trip to Spain, and Mitch wakes to his 39th birthday. Per tradition, his Mother rings him up with a standard speech of her remembrance of the race to the hospital for his birth. Mitch's morning is further complicated when he gets to work and his latest efforts for the radio station he works for are seen as subpar. Per his manager, all decisions must be approved first. Mitch also leaves work to go to Career Day for his son's class. His career is met with below average enthusiasm by the kids, and Mitch soon ends up lamenting the changes that have been made to his job, as well as a small story about getting older. Later that evening, Mitch's wife Barbara (Patricia Wettig) holds a birthday party for Mitch. Phil and Ed show up, along with their wives. Phil's wife Arlene (Karla Tamburrelli) treats him very badly and once again Mitch finds Phil pretending to sleep at the party to avoid talking to her. Ed's girlfriend Kim (Walker Brandt) is a lingerie model in her mid-20's. After cornering Mitch, the two friends tell Mitch of his present: a 2-week cattle drive in the southwest which they'll accompany him on. Mitch is at first excited, but then declines, claiming that he promised his wife they'd visit her parents in Florida. The festivities grind to a halt when a woman named Nancy (Yeardley Smith), one of Phils' coworkers, appears at the party looking for him, saying she missed her period and claiming that Phil is the father of her unborn child. It soon becomes apparent that Phil has been having an affair, and he and his wife Arlene end up in a shouting match that brings the party to a halt. Later on that evening, Barbara, having noticed Mitch's attitude and feelings during the day, tells him that she is concerned that Mitch might be similarly tempted into adultery in a misguided attempt to find some purpose in his life, or perhaps he could drift into contemplating suicide. Barbara suggests that he go with his friends on the cattle drive and see if the experience can help him find a new meaning in his life. Taking her advice, Mitch, Phil, and Ed find themselves on the drive with a number of other people including a father and son, Ben and Steve Jessup, whom are both dentists, Ira and Barry Shalowitz, brothers that run an ice cream business, and a woman, Bonnie Rayburn, who is looking to start a new life after her husband left her. During their time getting ready for the cattle drive, Mitch, Phil and Ed outfit themselves with ranch clothing and practice roping cattle and horse riding. They get into an altercation with two ranch hands named T.R. (Dean Hallo) and Jeff (Kyle Secor), who make unwanted advances toward Bonnie. Mitch steps in to reason with the ranchers. When they threaten Mitch, Phil and Ed step up. A fight nearly breaks out, however, before they can go further, an unnamed, tough cowboy appears, lassoing one of the ranchers to a fence rail and demanding he apologize to Bonnie. When he refuses, the cowboy throws a huge Bowie knife at him, narrowly missing the man's crotch. The rancher immediately apologizes and the cowboy points out that they've been drinking and they need to stop immediately. Later on that evening, the group sits around a campfire and identify the unnamed man as Curly (Jack Palance), the trail boss. Everyone speaks in hushed tones about Curly, but Mitch instantly decides that the man is a lunatic... just as Curly comes up behind him. Curly is tall and intimidating, however Mitch still tries to make conversation with him. Curly isn't moved by Mitch's attempt at friendliness and tells him in a low tone "I crap bigger n' you." A few days later the group head off to drive the cattle across the plains. During the first leg of the trip, Mitch, Ed, and Phil discuss certain questions about life and relationships. Early one morning, Mitch operates a battery-operated coffee grinder he brought, with the noise spooking the cattle and sending them stampeding off. Curly orders everyone to continue the drive with TR and Jeff. With some cattle still missing, Curly decides to take Mitch with him to recover them. Mitch and Curly recover the extra cattle, but end up spending the night out in the wilderness. Mitch is sure that Curly is planning to kill him for what he said about him, especially since Curly makes a show of stropping his knife, which Mitch finds intimidating. Curly tells Mitch to put away the harmonica Mitch'd been playing and Mitch finds the courage to stand up to Curly, telling him he's trying to enjoy his vacation. When Mitch plays the opening bars to "Tumblin' Tumbleweeds", Curly's rough countenance seems to soften a bit and he sings along. During their time alone together, Curly and Mitch begin to discuss life and decisions and Curly seems to gain more respect for Mitch. Curly tells Mitch that the secret of life is 'one thing,' but says that Mitch will have to figure out what it is for himself. Right before they return to the herd, one of the cows goes into labor, and Mitch reluctantly ends up assisting with the birth, pulling the calf from the mother himself. Mitch happily names the little calf Norman. However, Curly suddenly shoots Norman's mother, explaining that she was dying and suffering for it. Mitch seems to understand and decides to watch over Norman himself. After they've rejoined the group on the trail, Mitch explains to them that Curly isn't quite the threatening guy he comes off as and wants the others to chat with him as well. However, when they approach him, they see that he has died while watching over the cattle. Curly is buried on the trail in a solemn ceremony before everyone moves on, with T.R. and Jeff taking Curly's place. Mitch, Phil and Ed share another moment of conversation, talking about the happiest and worst day of their life. Each man has something different: Mitch remembers his Dad taking him to Yankee Stadium for the first time as his happiest. The worst was the day when it seemed that his wife may have had breast cancer -- they later found out she was fine. Phil (surprisingly) remembers his wedding day as his happiest. Every day since, he claims, is a tie for the worst day. Ed recalls the day that his father finally left their family as his happiest, as his father had been cheating on their mother. Ed also claims this as his worst day. Sometime later, the cook known as Cookie (Tracey Walter) gets drunk and ends up destroying the chuck wagon and killing the two horses that pulled it. The incident leaves him with broken legs, and little food left. Later the same evening, T.R. and Jeff get drunk, recklessly begin shooting the empty bottles and threaten to kill Norman the calf. An altercation takes place, with Phil almost snapping, and pointing a pistol at one of them. He regains control of himself and tells everyone that he's actually afraid of guns but knows he should know how to use one in case the store he manages is robbed. T.R. and Jeff to rush off, leaving the others and the herd with no guides. Mitch volunteers to move the herd himself, mentioning that Curly said they would eventually encounter a river before arriving in the valley where the trail ends and the ranch they're heading for is. The Jessups volunteer to take Cookie ahead to the end of the trail; they're the most qualified since they're doctors, despite being dentists. Phil and Ed stay to help Mitch. They manage to get the herd to the river, but Norman gets swept away in the current. Mitch is able to overcome his inability to rope a cow and lassos Norman but falls in the river. Phil and Ed save Mitch and each other, before finally arriving at the other ranch. The ranch owner is excited at what the boys have done, and agree that in reward for what they've done, they'll be refunded their money for the experience. When one of them asks about maybe herding the cows back to the other ranch, the ranch owner claims that the cows will actually be taken to market. Mitch, Phil and Ed are saddened by the news, with Mitch feeling that they are betraying the cows' trust. Although, Ed dismisses' Mitch's guilt noting that the cows have no comprehension of them and simply obeyed their commands on the drive, Mitch finds when he visits the herd, Norman walks up to him as the one whom he owes his life and Mitch finds himself making a decision. During their last day, the three friends decide what to do about their lives. Phil decides that he will graciously start his life over, in the face of his impending divorce. Ed decides to fulfill his girlfriend's request to have children. Mitch meanwhile, has deciphered Curly's 'one thing' saying, which he feels is something different to everyone, what's most important. Mitch returns home to his family, and is eager and happy to see them. He shocks his wife by showing that he has brought Norman the calf along with him to save him from slaughter. After the family and Norman (whom Mitch reassures his wife will be placed in a petting zoo shortly) are loaded into the family van, they head home. 
 Ruthless People (1986)541) A couple, cheated by a vile businessman, kidnap his wife in retaliation, without knowing that their enemy is delighted they did. Sam Stone ( Danny DeVito ) is a clothing manufacturer, who married his wife Barbara ( Bette Midler ), for the money that she was supposed to inherit from her dying father, but her father didn't die for another fifteen years. He is now planning to kill her and he tells his girlfriend Carol Dodsworth ( Anita Morris ) what he is going to do. He then on his way home to do just that but when he gets there, she's not there. He then receives a call from someone claiming to have kidnapped Barbara and threatening to kill her if he informs the police, which he does hoping that they do. What Stone doesn't know is that the kidnappers, Ken ( Judge Reinhold ) and Sandy ( Helen Slater ) Kessler are a couple whose idea for a garment he stole and made fortune off, are not that lethal, as a matter of fact Barbara's more lethal. And what Stone doesn't know is that Carol, has another boyfriend named Earl Mott ( Bill Pullman ), and they plan to blackmail Sam, by videotaping him disposing of Barbara's body. When Earl goes there to do that, the person who goes there was not Sam but a man with a hooker ( Jeannine Bisignano ), and he instructs the hooker to scream her head off, Earl mistakenly believes that Barbara's not dead and that Sam was killing her there, and was so freaked out that he didn't bother to see if it was Sam. Carol tries to put her plan in operation by sending Sam a copy of the tape, Sam thinks that it's for something kinky that Carol wants and when Sam tells her that he is going to do what was done on the tape to her, she assumes that he is going to kill her. So she sends another copy of the tape to the Chief of Police ( William G. Schilling ), and tells him that she wants him to arrest Sam for murdering Barbara, and the Chief is happy to oblige cause he is the man who is on the tape. The Chief manages to find the instruments that Sam was going to use to kill Barbara and arrests him. Sam now has to get Barbara, alive, so that he can prove that he didn't kill her. And Barbara starts to bond with Sandy. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> When millionaire businessman Sam Stone ( Danny DeVito ) returns home one day to find his wife Barbara ( Bette Midler ) missing, with a ransom demand following not long after, he is surprisingly happy -- for Sam hated Barbara, and was in fact planning to kill her himself. Now that she's been kidnapped, all he has to do is put off paying the ransom for as long as it take for the kidnappers to lose patience and kill her themselves. Unfortunately for Sam, however Barbara's kidnappers are sweet-natured Ken ( Judge Reinhold ) and Sandy Kessler ( Helen Slater ), who are not particularly inclined to resort to murder, nor are fully prepared for Barbara's volatile, spoiled nature. Sam must therefore juggle the police, who are growing increasingly suspicious of Sam himself, and his own mistress Carol Dodsworth ( Anita Morris ), who has her own plans to get her hands on Sam's fortune. And then there's Barbara herself, who begins to both warm to her captors and wonder why it's taking so long for Sam to get the ransom organized. Scotty Slime ball businessman Sam Stone ( Danny DeVito ) plots to murder his horrible wife ( Bette Midler ) for her money, so he can marry his mistress Carol Dodsworth ( Anita Morris ). He can't believe his luck when she is kidnapped by Ken ( Judge Reinhold ) and Sandy ( Helen Slater ) Kessler who wanted revenge from Sam for stealing their savings, and Sandy's money making fashion design, then marketing it as his own. When Barbara learns of what Sam has done to this couple and then realizes that he isn't doing anything to secure her release, she becomes friends with her kidnapper and they plan to teach Sam a lesson. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ruthless millionaire Sam Stone (Danny DeVito) tells his mistress, Carol (Anita Morris), whom he is having lunch with at a trendy Los Angeles restaurant, that he intends to murder his vulgar and brash wife, Barbara (Bette Midler). Sam is greedy and grasping. He reveals to Carol that 15 years earlier, he only married Barbara for her money but her father (who was also his boss) took a long time dying. Sam thus built up a small fortune of his own but Barbara is the heiress to a much larger one of over $15 million. Furthermore he hates her choice in clothes and "modern" furniture and several of her personal quirks. However, when Sam arrives home at his and Barbara's fancy house in Bel Air, he finds the house empty. In frustration he tosses away the bottle of chloroform he intended to use to put Barbara to sleep before killing her. He then receives a phone call from an anonymous man announcing that Barbara has been kidnapped and that Sam must pay a large ransom of $500,000 or else she will be killed. She will also be killed if he informs the cops or the media. ("or else" is exactly what Sam has in mind). Before long, the house is swarming with police looking for clues to the kidnapping which is now headline news!!! The kidnappers are revealed to be Ken (Judge Reinhold) and Sandy Kessler (Helen Slater), a married couple who live in a lower class area of the San Fernando Valley and whom are both desperately poor and eager for revenge against Sam. Apparently several years earlier, Sam "made his fortune" by stealing a fashion idea from Sandy, along with the Kesslers' life savings to market it. Barbara, Sam's overweight, loud-mouthed wife, is chained in the Kessler's basement, where she proves a handful to the amateur kidnappers. She never stops yelling, cursing, or screaming at the Kesslers. Ken slapping Barbara in the face to subdue her only makes her more angry and aggressive like some wild caged animal that will not calm down. (At this point, it's no wonder why Sam wants Barbara dead.) Things go astray, however, when it becomes obvious that Sam doesn't want his wife back, and is in fact doing everything possible to goad the kidnappers into killing her. Unfortunately for him, the Kesslers, while desperate, are not about to murder anyone. The next day when Sam does not show up for the ransom drop, Ken phones him and offers to drop the ransom first from $500,000 to $50,000, then the following day to $10,000. Sam still refuses. Sam is unaware that the Kesslers are behind his wife's abduction (Sam has apparently forgotten about the Kesslers... as well as all of the other people he's scammed and ripped off over the years). But Sam is also unaware about his mistress Carol's real intentions towards him. Carol is actually a gold-digging grifter in which she and her handsome but moronic boyfriend, Earl (Bill Pullman) are planning to steal all of Sam's wealth for themselves. Believing that Sam made up about his wife's kidnapping to the public, Carol believes that Sam plans to toss his wife's dead body from the Hollywood hills at night, Carol has Earl lie in wait with a video camera. What he actually ends up filming is a rendezvous in a car between a prostitute and her john, who asks her to "make a lot of sound." The dim-witted Earl, hearing the woman's screams, mistakenly thinks the murder is happening right in front of him. Without watching the tape, Carol sends an anonymous copy to Sam, who sees the sex act captured and immediately hits on Carol as the one who sent it and announces that he is looking forward to repeating the scene with her. Terrified, she hides out with Earl at his trailer and sends another anonymous copy to police chief Henry Benton (William G. Schilling).... who happens to be the john in the video. When Carol calls him, Benton, thinking that he is being blackmailed, asks her what she wants and she says the answer should be obvious: arrest Sam Stone. The next day, Benton orders the police to conduct a search of Sam's house, planning to plant evidence in it, but he is surprised when real evidence turns up which includes the bottle of chloroform and pictures of Sam with Carol. The kidnapping investigation, led by the stuffy detectives Bender and Walters, which has actually led to Ken himself by now, is immediately called off (just when they begin to close in on the Kesslers) and Sam is arrested. The chloroform was part of Sam's plan to kill Barbara himself but he never did and now faces the dilemma of having to get his wife back in order to prove his innocence. A third complication arises when Barbara reluctantly decides to take up exercise to relieve her boredom in her cell. To her own astonishment, she loses twenty pounds in one week during her confinement. She and Sandy bond unexpectedly over this and Sandy shares several of her fashion designs with Barbara, who loves them and offers to take them worldwide. In their euphoria, Sandy decides to let Barbara go. Barbara leaves, but comes back as soon as she finds out from the newspaper about Sam's mistress which leads her to realize that he wanted her dead. Just as Barbara comes back, a serial killer, known as the Bedroom Killer (J.E. Freeman), who has been stalking the neighborhood enters the Kessler household and attacks Ken, but falls down the basement steps, breaking his neck and dying in the process. Barbara, Ken, and Sandy now hatch a plan for revenge on Sam. Now desperate to prove his wife is alive, Sam offers to pay the ransom the moment Ken calls him again. But now, armed with Barbara's inside knowledge, they have increased the ransom to precisely equal Sam's own net worth: over $2 million. Sam is outraged, but has no choice. He withdraws the cash, but begs detectives Bender and Walters to watch the drop site. They refuse, still thinking he murdered Barbara. Meanwhile, Carol, baffled as to why Sam hasn't been convicted already, goes to a video store and plays the tape in the display model. But the scene of the whore and the client is played on every TV in the shop and Chief Benton's wife, who happens to be there, recognizes her husband. When Sam goes to the bank to obtain as much of the money as possible, Benton can be seen withdrawing his own cash and with a passport, presumably in order to flee abroad. Carol realizes Earl's mistake, and that Barbara really was kidnapped. She calls Sam and learns the time and place of the ransom drop. She tells Earl to go to the place and steal the ransom money. The next day at the ransom drop to be at a local plaza in downtown Los Angeles, Sam waits with the cash (which was all from his account.) Barbara calls Sam from an office across the street instructing him to wait while yelling curses and obsanities at him claiming that the kidnappers are making her do it. She also demands that Sam also deposit his expensive gold Rolex wristwatch and a gold ring to make sure that he does not have any assets left to live on. Sam is forced to comply and she tells him that someone will arrive to pick up the money. The minute after Barbara hangs up, Ken arrives in disguise, wearing a crude clown mask and driving the serial killer's car, to demand that Sam hand over the briefcase with the case. But just when Sam does, scores of hidden police, led by Bender and Walters, arrive. Ken prevents himself from being arrested by claiming to have Barbara killed by his accomplice over a CB radio. Against Sam's protest, the police decide to let Ken go and instead "follow him home". But just then, Earl arrives with a gun to steal the ransom money from Ken. In the ensuing confusion, Earl is captured by the police, and Ken drives away in the Bedroom Killer's car, while a whole group of police cars silently follow him. Ken sees the police following him and drives his car off the end of the Santa Monica pier with the ransom cash inside. Money starts rising to the surface and people on the pier jump in to grab it. Sam yells at the police officer nearest him to stop them and pushes him in too. The police search the water and bring up the car, with the body of the serial killer inside... dressed in Ken's clothes. Sam fakes grief, but is ecstatic inside, believing that Barbara will now definitely be killed and her money is his at last. Instead, Barbara appears, telling Bender and Walters that her kidnapper (the serial killer) was insane, believing himself to have accomplices, and so she was able to escape as soon as he left. Bender and Walters walk away in satisfaction and the case is closed with Sam cleared of all criminal charges. Sam meanwhile is taken aback by how beautiful Barbara has suddenly become. As they embrace (out of eyesight of the departing police) she gives him a sound thrashing for his affair and in addition for not even trying to pay the ransom to save her, tells him that she wants a divorce and pushes him off the pier and into the water. Sam presumably swims ashore and although free and clear, is now without his money... and without his mistress Carol (whom no doubt the arrested Earl will rat out to save himself from going to jail). In the final scene, on a beach not far away, Ken emerges from the water in scuba gear, carrying the briefcase with the ransom cash. Apparently Ken hid the dead body of the serial killer in the car, and planned the switch to get away from the police. Sandy runs to meet him and embraces him lovingly and kisses him. Barbara appears, having disposed of her husband, and runs to meet Sandy and Ken and they all dance for joy on the beach with the briefcase containing the $2 million. 
 The Secret of My Success (1987)431) A talented young man can't get an executive position without rising through the ranks, so he comes up with a shortcut, which also benefits his love life. Brantley Foster, a well-educated kid from Kansas, has always dreamed of making it big in New York. On his first work day in New York, he is fired in a hostile take-over and learns that jobs - and girls - are hard to get. When Brantley visits his distant uncle, Howard Prescott, who runs a multi-million-dollar company, he is given a job in the company's mail room. Then Brantley meets Christy Wills, who happens to be one of the top executives. Brantley sees how poorly the company is being run and decides to create a position under the name Carlton Whitfield, to influence and improve the company's operations. Soon things get unexpectedly out of hand, not in the least because of his aunt, his girl and leading a double life. watzdabigdeal Well educated, Kansas born and raised, Brantley Foster sets out to make his fortune in New York. Unfortunately, when he arrives, the job he is promised fails to materialise, so he reluctantly looks up a distant relative, Howard Prescot, who runs a multimillion dollar corporation. Starting at the bottom, doesn't appeal to Brantley so he pretends to be an executive, whilst keeping this a secret from "uncle" Howard and Brantley's dream girl Christy. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Brantley Foster (Michael J. Fox) is a young college graduate who has just earned a degree in business in his home state of Kansas. He travels to New York City to join a large investment firm in an entry-level position he obtained while still a student. He moves into a crummy Manhattan studio apartment and prepares for work. When he arrives at the firm, he finds that it's closing because it was acquired in a hostile takeover and that 90% of the workforce, including himself, is now jobless. However, even without employment, Brantley refuses to give up looking for another job. He's repeatedly turned down with all his interviewers telling him that he lacks the experience necessary. With no good prospects, Brantley decides to play his last card: prior to leaving Kansas, his mother tells him that he's related to Howard Prescott (Richard Jordan), a distant uncle & the CEO of Pemrose, a large New York investment firm and one of the richest in the world. Brantley goes to his uncle's office and convinces Prescott's secretary to give him five minutes alone with Prescott himself. Prescott and his secretary seemed very impressed with Brantley's tenacity (the young man creates a business card by photocopying his smiling face and signing it) and Prescott gives him a job working in the Pemrose mail room. Brantley is immediately disliked by his boss and teamed up with another worker, Fred Melrose (John Pankow), who teaches Brantley how to deliver the mail and leave enough time for goofing off. Fred also tells Brantley not to mix with the executives in the building while he makes deliveries. Brantley is also able to acquire information about the company by looking through memos and other important documents, gaining as much knowledge as he can about the inner workings of the corporation. Back in the mail room, Brantley is charged with driving another Pemrose exec, the bad-tempered Vera (Margaret Whitton), to her home in Litchfield in a limo after her car broke down. His boyish charm soon wins her over on the ride and she invites him to stay for a drink at her palatial estate. She tells him about how her marriage has faltered and that she feels unattractive at her age. Brantley is able to convince her otherwise and the two take a swim where she seduces him. After having sex, she tells him she'll help him advance in the company. Brantley tells her he wants to make it on his own. Just then Vera's husband comes home. Brantley is terrified to know he's coming toward the pool house and is even more terrified to see that it's Howard Prescott himself. Babbling about how he's disgraced his family by having sex with his aunt, he bolts out and leaves. During their mail rounds, Fred informs Brantley that an exec had been fired and that the mail room staff knew about it three days ahead of the man getting the news. Brantley sits in the office dreaming about being an exec when the phone rings. One of the man's contacts has called asking why there are shipping problems for his company in the Midwest. Brantley is able to set up a shipping plan for the company, his initiative in solving the problem impressing the rep. The next day Brantley goes to the same office before his mail rounds and is able to procure a secretary for himself and set himself up in the terminated exec's place, adopting the alias Carlton Whitfield. Though he's very careful to hide his intentions, his boss in the mail room begins to suspect him. Brantley attends a meeting of the high-level Pemrose management and meets Christy Wells (Helen Slater), an attractive exec whom Brantley is immediately smitten with. She's initially quite rude and dismissive but eventually warms to him. At the meeting, it's announced that another powerful CEO, named Donald Davenport (Fred Gwynne), is acquiring large portions of Pemrose stock in a bid to take over the company. Prescott's aide tells them that they have to look for budget items to slash to build a fund to protect the company. Brantley dissents, saying that rapid and aggressive expansion is a better plan that will make the company's stock too valuable for Davenport to commit a hostile takeover. His idea is squashed with Prescott's aide telling him he's too young to be taken seriously. Meanwhile, Christy has been involved in an affair with Prescott himself. He asks her to spy on Brantley and she steals a folder of his work from his office. One night while he's working late, Christy stops by his office and sees the results of his research. The two have a late night conversation about the best plan of action to prevent Davenport's hostile takeover. Though they disagree on almost everything, Christy starts to realize that Brantley's plan of expansion is the best way to save Pemrose. The two spend the entire night together, talking and finally have sex. The next day, Prescott himself announces that he'll hold a retreat at his Litchfield home for all the top-level execs so they can work out a plan. Brantley had initially planned not to attend but is invited by both Vera and Howard. Howard believes Whitfield is a spy sent by Davenport to gain further inside information, while Vera wants Brantley there to meet Pemrose's top investors, thinking his boyish charm will win them over -- her assumption is correct and Brantley spends several hours talking to them and convincing them of his new ideas in the arena of business. Howard also tells Brantley to keep Vera occupied during the retreat, then charges him with keeping Christy away from Whitfield. At night, everyone sleeps in separate rooms. Howard sneaks out of his room looking for Christy, who'd put an end to their affair earlier that day. Brantley also sneaks out looking for Christy in her room. Vera sneaks out looking for Brantley. They all eventually converge on Christy's room, with Brantley hiding in the bed, Howard believing him to be Christy and Christy and Vera suddenly finding them both together. Brantley had also found his stolen files in Christy's room. Howard and Christy finally now know that Whitfield is actually Brantley. Vera is now aware of Howard's affair with Christy and she decides to divorce Howard. Brantley confronts Christy about stealing his files and storms out leaving her alone and dejected. Back at Pemrose, Brantley and Christy are both fired. After arguing about infidelity, they have sex in the elevator and return to Brantley's office to figure out a new plan for Pemrose, engaging the help of Fred and Brantley's secretary, Jean. At a meeting of Prescott's management execs, Donald Davenport arrives where he icily assures Prescott that most of his high-level staff will keep their jobs. Brantley and Christy walk into the meeting and announce that Pemrose will not be bought out by Davenport because Brantley was able to gain the support of the investors from the retreat. Instead, a merger will occur between Pemrose and Davenport's corporation. He also announces that such a merger wouldn't be possible without the support of Pemrose's biggest stockholder, Vera, who'd gained control of more than half the company's stock. As the new owner, Vera confronts her husband directly and tells him that he's fired and has security escort him and his aide out of the building. That night, the new owners of Pemrose go to the Metropolitan Opera to celebrate. The limo they ride in is driven by Brantley's mail room boss. Vera's date is Fred and Brantley and Christy begin a new relationship together. 
 Supergirl (1984)431) After losing a powerful orb, Kara Zor-El, Superman's cousin, comes to Earth to retrieve it and instead finds herself up against a wicked witch. After a power source for the community of Krypton survivors is accidentally whisked to earth, Kara-El, cousin to Superman and niece to Jor-El, chooses to go to earth to find it, and bring it back. Upon her arrival, she becomes just a powerful and Super as her cousin, but encounters dangerous battles and unexpected obstacles when a mean spirited woman who practices rituals of the occult takes the power source for herself, and uses it to cause destruction and attempt zenith human status. CoachTophie Introducing a brand new superhero--the beautiful and mighty Girl of Steel in her very first adventure. Her name is Kara, and she's Superman's cousin from Krypton. Coming to Earth on a mission to save her dying city, Supergirl has to find and recover the Omegahedron, a source of almost unlimited power. But it's fallen into the hands of an amateur witch named Selena--who intends to use it to rule the world! To get it back, Supergirl has to fight not only evil humans, but the unimaginable forces of Black Magic (including a hundred-foot monster made of pure energy), and make a perilous journey into the forbidden depths of the Phantom Zone. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kara Zor-El (Helen Slater) lives in an isolated Kryptonian community called Argo City, in a pocket of trans-dimensional space. Zaltar (Peter O'Toole) allows Kara to see a unique and immensely powerful item known as the Omegahedron, a baseball-sized sphere which he has borrowed without the knowledge of the city government, and which powers the city. However, after a mishap, the Omegahedron is blown out into space. Much to the distress of her parents (Simon Ward and Mia Farrow), Kara follows it to Earth (undergoing a transformation into "Supergirl" in the process) in an effort to recover it and save the city. On Earth, the Omegahedron is recovered by Selena (Faye Dunaway), a power-hungry would-be black magic witch assisted by the feckless and long-suffering Bianca (Brenda Vaccaro) and seeking to free herself from her relationship with warlock Nigel (Peter Cook). Whilst not knowing exactly what it is, Selena quickly realizes that the Omegahedron is powerful and can enable her to perform real magical spells. Supergirl arrives on Earth and discovers her powers. Following the path of the Omegahedron, she takes the name Linda Lee, identifies herself as a cousin of Clark Kent (whom as Superman is off worlds), and enrolls at an all-girls school where she befriends Lucy Lane (Maureen Teefy), the younger sister of Lois Lane who happens to be studying there. Kara also meets and becomes enamoured with Ethan (Hart Bochner) who works as a groundskeeper at the school. Ethan also catches the eye of Selena, who drugs him with a potion to make him love her. However, Ethan regains consciousness in Selena's absence and wanders out into the streets. An angry Selena uses her new-found powers to animate a construction vehicle, which she sends to bring Ethan back, causing chaos in the streets as it does so. Kara rescues Ethan and he falls in love with her instead while in guise of Linda Lee. Supergirl and Selena repeatedly battle in various ways, until Selena uses her powers to put Supergirl in an "eternal void" known as the Phantom Zone. Here, stripped of her powers, she wanders the bleak landscape and nearly drowns in an oily bog. Yet she finds help in Zaltar, who has been exiled to the Phantom Zone as a punishment for losing the Omegahedron. Zaltar sacrifices his life to allow Supergirl to escape through a vortex atop a steep cliff. Back on Earth, Selena misuses the Omegahedron to make herself a "princess of Earth", with Ethan as her lover and consort. Emerging from the Phantom Zone, Kara/Supergirl regains her powers and has a final confrotation with Selena. Supergirl defeats Selena and exhiles her and Bianca to the Phantom Zone. Free from Selena's spell, Ethan admits his love for Linda and that he knows that she and Supergirl are one and the same, but knows it is possible he may never see her again and understands she must save Argo City. The final scene shows Kara flying up and away into the time-void and returning the Omegahedron to a darkened Argo City, which promptly lights up again. 