nm0010257:

 Pa m t ests loco (1978)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El pecado de una madre (1982 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rosangelica (1993 )Summaries This is the passionate story between Rosangelica and Oscar Eduardo. Their relationship is hindered by a past that affects them both. Twenty years ago, Rodolfo rapes Gisele, his secretary. Her husband, Alberto, in a fit of jealousy, murders Rodolfo. However, Gisele takes the blame for this murder in order to save her beloved husband. Distressed by all these events, she becomes mentally ill and is confined to an asylum. As a result of the rape, Gisele gives birth to Rosangelica. In time, she turns into a beautiful young woman, noble, full of life and a talented artist. Her life changes when she meets Oscar Eduardo, a doctor. But when he discovers Rosangelica's past, he abandons her and their newborn love child. She, like her mother, is confined to an asylum for mentally disturbed persons. A series of events - a fire in the asylum and further suspicions of Rosangelica's death, and an encounter with Joel, a photographer - will turn her life around. Marie <mariedo@otenet.gr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Como t, ninguna (1994 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 