nm0005254:

 Baby Daddy (20122017)44) A 20-something bachelor bartender becomes an unlikely parent when an ex-girlfriend leaves a baby girl on his doorstep. Ben becomes a surprise dad to a baby girl when she's left on his doorstep by an ex-girlfriend. Ben decides to raise the baby with the help of his mother, his brother Danny, his friend Tucker and Riley the girl who is harboring a secret crush on him. ABC Family Ben, a bartender and lady's man, becomes an unexpected parent when one of his old girlfriends leaves a baby girl on his doorstep. With some help from his mom and roommates he might just learn what it means to be a parent, but not before he gets himself into some trouble. A year after hooking up with a girl, Ben Wheeler, finds out he's a dad. The baby is dropped off at his doorstep and Ben must now seek help from his brother Danny, his mom Bonnie, his best friend Tucker and his childhood friend Riley. Baby Emma helps Ben become a mature young man and father. Meanwhile feelings are being developed and some have long been there and a love triangle is created, who ends up with who? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Full House (19871995)541) A widowed broadcaster raises his three daughters with assistance from his rock'n'roll brother-in-law and his madcap best friend. This is a story about sports-broadcaster-turned-morning-talk-show-host Danny Tanner and his three little girls, D.J. (Donna Jo), Stephanie, and Michelle Tanner. Before the show begins, Danny Tanner's wife is killed by a drunk driver, so he needs help raising his daughters. He asks his rock-musician brother-in-law Jesse Katsopolis and his comedian best friend Joey Gladstone to move in with them. As the show goes on, Jesse marries Rebecca Donaldson, Danny's talk-show co-host, and they have twin sons, Nicholas Katsopolis. Raffi Nazarian <gamk@yahoo.com> Danny, a widower talk-show host, has three daughters (D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle). Lucky for him, his brother-in-law Jesse, a true Elvis super-freak, and best friend Joey, a struggling comic, help him raise the girls. A sitcom about a really full house: by the last season, nine people and a dog live under the same roof. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> After Danny Tanner's wife Pam dies in a car accident, he raises his three daughters D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle with help from his comedian friend Joey Gladstone and Jesse Katsopolis, his rock-musician brother-in-law who later marries Rebecca Donaldson, with whom he has twins Nicky and Alex. Mike Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Needing help after his wife's sudden death, talk show host Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) calls on his Elvis obsessed, rock n' roll, brother in law, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos) and his childhood best friend, stand up comedian Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help him take care of his 3 daughters, D.J. (Candace Cameron Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). This show follows the crazy everyday antics of the "full house". 
 Seventeen Again (2000 TV Movie)Summaries While divorced and bickering grandparents watch their grandchildren, a lab experiment gone awry transforms the elders into teenagers again. Gene and Cat have been divorced for several years. They are both visiting their son and grandchildren, Sydney and Willie. Willie's a genius who develops a formula that makes who uses it young again. It inadvertently spills into some soap that Willie places in the guest room. When Gene and Cat use it they finds themselves 17 again. Willie has to find a way to reverse the process. But will Gene and Cat want to be old again? <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Smart Guy (19971999)Summaries A 10-year-old genius goes from elementary school to high school. Ten-year-old genius (Tahj Mowry) has skipped six grades into high school. This incredible promotion somewhat aggravates his teenage siblings. Carol Braxton <carl@sigmais.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 