nm0000159:

 Spy Kids (2001)651) Using high tech gadgets, two kids have to save their reactivated OSS top spy parents when they're taken by an evil, high tech enemy. Gregorio and Ingrid are the two greatest secret agents the world has ever known: masters of disguise, mavens of invention, able to stop wars before they even start. Working for separate countries, they are sent to eliminate their most dangerous enemy...each other. But in an exotic corner of the world when they finally come face to face, they fall in love instead and embark on the most dangerous mission they have ever faced: raising a family. Now nine years later, after their retirement, having exchanged the adventure of espionage for parenthood, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are called back in to action. When their former colleagues, the world's most formidable spies, start disappearing one by one, the Cortez's are forced to take on techno-wizard Fegan Floop and his evil, egg-headed sidekick, Minion. But when the unthinkable happens and they too disappear, unfortunately there are only two people in the world who can rescue them...their kids. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> At one point, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the world's finest secret agents. For over a decade they have retired from espionage and settled down to raise their two children Carmen and Juni. But they suddenly spring back into action when four agents mysteriously disappear. When the parents are kidnapped, Carmen and Juni take matter into their own hands and work to save them. Their mission takes them on land, sea and in the air as they venture to a mysterious castle where they must take on an evil genius who plans to use a powerful device in a sinister plot to destroy the world. Blazer346 Carmen and Juni think their parents are boring. Little do they know that in their day, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the top secret agents from their respective countries. They gave up that life to raise their children. Now, the disappearances of several of their old colleagues forces the Cortez' return from retirement. What they didn't count on was Carmen and Juni joining the "family business." David Stumme <dstumme@rochester.rr.com> Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are the world's best secret agents. Their mission is to assassinate each other. When they get within one inch, they fall in love. They marry, and have two kids, Carmen and Juni. They don't tell their kids. Ten years later, they are called into a mission. When their Uncle Felix babysits the Cortez kids, and rogue agents invade the house, Uncle Felix reveals the truth, their parents are spies and were just kidnapped, and Felix is not their uncle. Carmen and Juni escape, and try to rescue Mom and Dad, and save the world. neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Carmen and Juni Cortez (Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara) being tucked into bed by their mother, Ingrid (Carla Gugino). While Juni applies wart killer to his fingers, Carmen requests to hear the bedtime story, "The Two Spies Who Fell in Love". Long ago, at a time of unstable relations between countries, a new breed of soldiers was created: super spies. Using their vast intellects and prowess in the art of stealth, they could stop wars before they even happened. The two protagonists of the story, both of whom were spies, were tasked with eliminating each other, but they ended up becoming infatuated with one another instead and soon fell in love. Despite being from opposing nations, they decided to marry, but this only painted a massive target on their backs for enemy factions that wished to see them dead. They ultimately chose to retire and start a family. Though unknown to the kids at this time, it's shown to the audience that Ingrid and her husband, Gregorio (Antonio Banderas), are the spies in the story and that these events truly occurred. Ingrid then says goodnight to her children. Carmen comments that the story needs a new ending, while Juni suggests the addition of monsters. Later in their bedroom, Gregorio and Ingrid, now consultants secretly working for the OSS (Organization of Super Spies), talk about how Carmen and Juni, according to their school principal, have been keeping secrets from them; Carmen's been skipping out on school and Juni's self-proclaimed 'friends' are only in his head. Ingrid believes she and Gregorio are to blame due to them keeping their previous life secret, but he assures her it's for the best -- he fears that if they ever told the kids, it would plant 'visions of danger' in their minds should they ever leave them alone. During their conversation, Gregorio receives information from the OSS that several of their agents have gone missing, notifying Ingrid the following morning. While driving Carmen and Juni to school, Gregorio nags Juni for being so attached to the children's show, "Floop's Fooglies," created by quirky inventor and visionary Fegan Floop (Alan Cumming), but takes notice that one of Floop's side characters, called 'Fooglies,' looks suspiciously like one of the missing OSS agents, Donnagon Giggles (Mike Judge). While dropping off the kids, Gregorio tries to build confidence in Juni by telling him that if anyone bothers him, that he should remember that he is a Cortez. But Juni asks, "What's so special about being a Cortez?", a question Gregorio is unable to answer. Before driving off, he notices Juni being pestered by one of the school bullies. He exits the car to try and resolve the conflict, but gets into a confrontation with the bully's dad, who's just as condescending. He fantasizes about beating up the dad to gain the love and appreciation of his disapproving son, but ultimately decides to back off. While having a moment to himself, Juni ponders out loud about running away to Floop's world in the hope of escaping the pestering from Carmen and the school bullies and gaining a true friend. Little does Juni know that far away in his castle off the coast of South America, Floop is in a pickle of his own; he is being contracted by Lisp (Robert Patrick), the head of a nameless corporation, to build an army for them, and so far, the candidates he's given them (The Fooglies and Thumb-Thumbs, additional characters from the show) have been unsatisfactory to their liking. Floop then presents them with his newest invention: robot children, or as he calls them, "Spy Kids." They resemble real-life children almost one-to-one while possessing the intelligence and cunning of the best super spies in the world. However, it's revealed that they lack the brains, quite literally, to properly communicate. Lisp chastises Floop for not keeping with their schedule, and demands that he finish his army in two days or everything he's built will be reduced to ashes. Back at the Cortez house, Gregorio is prepping to go on assignment to investigate the disappearances of the OSS agents, and despite his objections, he eventually allows an overeager Ingrid to join him. They call Uncle Felix (Cheech Marin) to watch over Carmen and Juni, and after being given coordinates by OSS superior, Miss Gradenko (Teri Hatcher), make their way underwater thanks to their spy vehicle. For the first time in nine years, the Cortezes were back in the game, but their excitement is cut short after realizing they now carry a heavy burden: concern for their children's safety. However, their thoughts are interrupted when they suddenly pick up a transmission from Floop, telling them they have something he desires, and they find themselves being chased by a sub. Gregorio tries to outrun it, but soon he and Ingrid end up getting engulfed by a much larger sub. Back at the Cortez house, alarms start sounding, which confuses the children but puts Felix on high alert. He tells them to follow him to another part of the house, while proceeding to explain everything along the way; Gregorio and Ingrid are retired spies, and in reality, he's not their uncle, but rather an OSS agent assigned to protect them. He takes Carmen and Juni to a secret transport called a Super Guppy, then leaves to gather important valuables, telling the children to press the blue and green buttons in the Guppy in case he doesn't return. The house is then invaded by Floop's Thumb-Thumbs, whom Felix manages to hold off long enough for Carmen and Juni to escape in the Guppy. The Thumb-Thumbs give chase in their own boats, but the kids manage to flee underwater and continue on an automated course to their parents' safe house. Imprisoned in Floop's Castle, Gregorio and Ingrid make an attempt to escape, winding up in the Virtual Room where Floop films his show. While admiring the simulated environments around them, they fall into a trap door that takes them to the dining area, where Floop himself is waiting for them, unimpressed by their pitiful breakout attempt. He gets acquainted with his captives and informs them of why they and the other OSS agents were captured; he is seeking the "Third Brain," an object of synthetic intelligence created and eventually destroyed by the OSS. Gregorio is revealed to have once been a part of the Third Brain Project twelve years ago, and he elaborates later on that when the OSS director expressed concern for the Brain's potentially destructive capabilities, he ordered the project terminated. However, the Brain itself couldn't be destroyed, so Gregorio faked its destruction and hid it away. He refuses to rebuild the project for Floop and is sent back to his cell via another trap door beneath his seat. At the safe house, Carmen and Juni equip themselves with spy gear in hopes of rescuing their parents, and find a scrapbook containing pictures from their parents' wedding, leading them to figure out that Ingrid's bedtime story was true all along. To their surprise, they're visited by Miss Gradenko, who's there to take them under her protection. She fills them in on Floop's evil intentions and asks to know where Gregorio is keeping the Third Brain. This reminds Carmen to tell her the phrase, "the Third Brain lives," as instructed by Felix back at the house, but that only prompts Gradenko and her men to start searching the safe house for the Brain. Juni then finds the Thumb-Thumbs outside destroying the Super Guppy, leading him to conclude Miss Gradenko is working for Floop, and after a series of scuffles and chases with jet packs, the two children manage to escape the rogue agents and Thumb-Thumbs with the Brain. While Floop is filming his show, he comes to a realization that it is lacking a key element, but his state of exasperation is interrupted by news of the children's escape from his assistant, Alexander Minion (Tony Shalhoub), a former OSS agent who was fired for attempting to insert his own personal concepts into the Third Brain Project. He pitches the idea of sending robotic clones identical to them to acquire the Brain, an idea that Floop reluctantly agrees to. They intercept Carmen and Juni at San Diablo, and despite Juni's efforts to destroy the Brain, he and Carmen are subdued and the clones end up leaving with the Brain in their possession. Despite their success, Floop eventually confesses to Minion that he no longer has the will or resolve to continue in building the army, but this is right around the time that Minion decides to assume control over all his operations, and has the robot children lock Floop inside the Virtual Room. To find their parents and stop Floop, Carmen and Juni are forced to find Isador "Machete" Cortez (Danny Trejo), Gregorio's older brother and best man at his wedding. After they prove they're his legitimate relatives, they ask for his help. However, he declines, as he had a falling out with his brother since he sells his tech to those good and bad, even Floop, and because he doesn't want to feel burdened with watching over his brother for the rest of his life. He's nice enough to offer them temporary lodging and a plane to get them to Floop's Castle, but during the night, the kids steal some of Machete's tech and a map of Floop's Castle, flying away in the plane before he can stop them. Along the way, they bicker and argue about their personal insecurities, which leads to them badly crippling the plane and eventually crash. Luckily, they jump ship into the water and sneak into Floop's Castle through an underwater cave. They acquire the parents' location thanks to the Fooglies, but end up separated when Carmen falls into a Thumb-Thumb producing chamber and Juni winds up in the Virtual Room with Floop. He initially fears Floop, but when he learns of Minion's evil intentions, he has a change of heart about him and, thanks to short-circuiting gum, frees the both of them. After bumping into Carmen, they make their way to the dungeon and free Ingrid and a Fooglie-ized Gregorio. Working together, they turn Gregorio back to normal and lure and trap Minion in the Fooglie-Making machine before making their way to the control room. However, along the way, Carmen and Juni's robotic clones apprehend the parents again. This leads to another showdown between the children and robots, while Floop tries to reprogram all the robots. Carmen and Juni manage to subdue their clones before meeting back up with their freed parents at Floop's throne room where Lisp, Miss Gradenko, and a Fooglie-ized Minion are residing. The family prepares themselves to take on the massive army of robot children summoned to the throne room, each with a duplicate of the Brain within them. Machete shows up to offer assistance, but at the last minute, Floop is able to program purity of heart and mind into the robots, causing them to attack the villains instead, tossing them around like toys. Afterward, Gregorio and Machete settle their past differences, Minion and Carmen and Juni's clones become characters on Floop's show, the robot army starts being used for the good of mankind, and Lisp and Gradenko presumably get arrested. As the film ends, the family is eating breakfast back home before receiving a communique from Devlin (George Clooney), Director of the OSS, requesting Carmen and Juni for a new assignment. Carmen tells him that the Cortezes will only accept missions not as individuals, but as a family, before ending the transmission. 
 Desperate Housewives (20042012)Summaries Secrets and truths unfold through the lives of female friends in one suburban neighborhood, after the mysterious suicide of a neighbor. The "normal" suburban life for a group of close-knit housewives takes a dark turn when one of their closest friends mysteriously commits suicide. Now while trying to deal with their own hectic problems and romantic lives, each year brings on a new mystery and more dark and twisted events to come. Life behind closed doors is about to be revealed as suburban life takes a funny and dark turn. ahmetkozan Behind the facade of a postcard-perfect subdivision live four women whose lives are anything but idyllic. Klutzy Susan is divorced and the mother of teenage Julie. Lynette is married to Tom and the frazzled mother of four rambunctious children. Bree is the neighborhood's Martha Stewart, whose perfection masks major dysfunction. Ex-model Gabrielle, married to handsome and successful Carlos, wants to have her cake and eat it too. Looking down on it all is Mary Alice, who took her own life but comments on the lives of her former neighbors. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman (19931997)Summaries In addition to fighting evil, Superman has a burning romance with Lois Lane in both of his identities. This show was based on Superman (Dean Cain) being a Generation X man. In his twenties, somewhere Clark Kent (Dean Cain) must experience life as a pre-thirties pupil. Lois Lane (Teri Hatcher), as always, is by his side at the Daily Planet, adding that oh-so-ever romantic side to his life. The relationship between Lois and Clark, is as always, a platonic but on the edge of mad love, type of experience. Sean Ackley <rhawk@ackind.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)761) James Bond sets out to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage. Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is on a mission which includes a media tycoon, his former lover and a Chinese Agent. Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) wants to complete his global media empire, but in order for this to work, he must achieve broadcasting rights in China. Carver wants to start up World War III by starting a confrontation over British and Chinese waters. Bond gains the help of Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh) on his quest to stop him, but how will Bond feel when he meets up with his former lover, Paris (Teri Hatcher), who is now Carver's wife. simon Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) is an egotistical media baron. Carver has the power to reach every person on the planet through his Carver Media Group Network except for the People's Republic of China who refuse his presence in their country. When he is tied to the disappearance of a British battleship in the South China Sea, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is sent to investigate. It is in Hong Kong where Bond meets Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), a member of the People's External Security Force of China. With and without Wai Lin's help, Bond soon starts to uncover a plot that goes all the way back to a mission on the Russian-Kazakh Border, and will start a war only to feed the fire that is Carver's ego. Gabriel Vieira Megalomaniac media mogul Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) only needs broadcasting rights in China to complete his global communications empire. The Chinese, however, are proving to be stubborn, so he hatches a diabolical plan to thwart the Chinese by the simple means of starting a war between them and the British. When a British warship is sunk in Chinese waters, and its deadly payload stolen, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) embarks on a dangerous mission against the clock to discover the truth. The Chinese also want to know what is happening and dispatch their own Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), who proves to be a match for James Bond. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a rich press baron, attempts to start World War III by convincing the British and the Chinese that they are making hostile advances towards each other. M (Dame Judi Dench) orders James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to use his previous relationship with Carver's wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), as a way of infiltrating his international organization, but Carver soon realizes Bond's intent. However, with the help of female Chinese Army Agent Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), Bond gets closer and closer, but will he get close enough to stop Carver from directing a U.K. missile at Beijing? Rhino <rhino@blueyonder.co.uk> Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan), the unstoppable action hero must prevent a tremendous disaster ripped from tomorrow's headlines. Someone is pitting the world's superpowers against each other, and only Bond can stop it. When a British warship is mysteriously destroyed in Chinese waters, the world teeters on the brink of World War III until 007 zeros in on the true criminal mastermind. Bond's do-or-die mission takes him to Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a powerful media mogul who manipulates world events as easily as he changes headlines from his global media empire. After soliciting help from Carver's sexy wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), Bond joins forces with a stunning yet lethal Chinese Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), in a series of explosive chases, brutal confrontations, and breathtaking escapes as they race to stop the presses on Carver's next planned news story: global pandemonium. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the border region of Russia, a large bazaar of illegally obtained weapons are being sold to international terrorists. Far away, in an observation room, M, her assistant, Charles Robinson and a British admiral, Roebuck, are watching the operation through cameras placed by an agent they've sent into the area. They identify many of the weapons and several of the buyers. Over M's protests that her agent has not finished his reconnaissance, the officers agree to launch a guided missile into the area believing that they will eliminate half of the world's most dangerous criminals. The missile is launched from a British frigate and speeds toward the target just as the command center receives a radio call from their agent on the scene. Among the camera images is a plane holding two powerful soviet nuclear weapons which may be triggered by the guided missile, or at least cause a horrific environmental disaster with the plutonium they contain being scattered throughout the area. An attempt to abort the missile attack fails and the agent, who is revealed to be James Bond, rushes into the area to steal the plane and the bombs. Many of the various terrorists are killed in the resulting shootout, but a few escape, including American techno-terrorist Henry Gupta (Ricky Jay). Bond reaches the plane and knocks the pilot in it unconscious. He successfully escapes the valley before the missile hits but is pursued by another of the surviving terrorists in a plane identical to his. He evades the 2nd plane, however, the pilot he knocked out awakes and throws a heavy cord around Bond's neck. Bond keeps control of the plane, flying under the second one and activates the rear ejection seat of his own plane, throwing the man up into the other plane, causing it to explode. Bond contacts the command center and tells them he is flying home with the nukes, asking the admiral where he wants his bombs delivered. In the South China sea, a British missile frigate, the HMS Devonshire, is on patrol and is being threatened by Chinese MIGs. They are supposedly far off their course and in Chinese territorial waters, despite what their satellite position tells them. They're being directed off course thanks to an encoder being overseen by Gupta. Nearby, an odd-looking boat, equipped with stealth technology, launches a sea drill into the water and punctures the hull of the British ship. Water begins pouring in as the sea drill is directed to an upper deck, increasing the rate of flooding. The ship's power is knocked out and the backup generators kick in, but the damage is too significant, and the captain gives orders to abandon ship. Some of the sailors manage to jump into the water, while others are trapped below deck and drown as the ship slips beneath the surface. As the ship sinks, the stealth boat shoots down one of the MIGs with a surface-to-air missile. The stealth boat's commanding officer, Richard Stamper, contacts his boss, corrupt international media mogul Elliot Carver, to tell him the 1st part of the operation is complete. Carver approves and gives Stamper the go-ahead for the 2nd part: to execute any survivors from the Devonshire using an automatic rifle fitted out with the same type of ammunition that would've been used by the Chinese. In his offices in Hamburg , Carver is writing the headline for his international newspaper, "Tomorrow", trying to decide if the words "British Soldiers Murdered" will generate the proper outrage. Carver is revealed to be a megalomaniac, who orchestrates disasters and scandals around the world for ratings, as shown in a subsequent scene where he videoconferences with executives from his foreign bureaus. He is orchestrating this attack on the Devonshire to provoke a war between China and Britain so that he can install a leader who is in his pocket who will grant him broadcasting rights in that country. In London, Bond is called back to duty during a romantic tryst. He is ordered to investigate Carver's involvement in the Devonshire incident. Besides the critical details of the incident being released hours before they became known in the latest edition of Tomorrow, MI6 has traced the mysterious signal that interfered with the communications with the Devonshire to one of Carver's satellites. Bond's lead-in to get to Carver will be a past relationship with Carver's wife Paris. Bond travels to Hamburg, Germany where Carver is scheduled to hold a big unveiling of his new media center. At the airport, he meets Q who provides him with a cellular phone and his car, a BMW 750 that can be remotely driven by the phone. Bond attends Carver's gala party and reconnects with Paris Carver and meets a new woman, Wai Lin, who claims to be from the New China news agency. During the gala party, Bond is apprehended by a few of Carver's thugs who take him to a sound proof room to beat him senseless. He overpowers them and shuts down Carver's broadcast. He returns to his hotel room to find Paris Carver waiting for him. The two sleep together and she tells him a way to infiltrate Carver's Hamburg media headquarters. The next day, Bond breaks into the headquarters of Carver's media company and finds the office occupied by Henry Gupta, Carver's communications specialist and known techno-terrorist. In Gupta's safe, Bond finds a CIA decoder device, the same one Gupta took from the arms bazaar Bond infiltrated earlier. It is believed that the device may have been used by Gupta to guide the Devonshire off course. Bond takes the decoder and is leaving the building when he is discovered by the guards. While escaping the factory, Bond spots Lin leaving as well. Bond is able to leave the factory in his car, which he drives to the parking garage of his hotel. On the way, he gets a call from Carver, who has been tipped off about his wife's involvement with Bond thanks to Gupta enhancing surveillance footage, and the theft of the decoder. Bond activates the security system of his car and goes to his room. There he finds Paris, dead on the bed. A videotape playing nearby shows a completed Carver broadcast saying Paris will be discovered murdered with an unidentified man, who will be found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer, the sadistic Dr. Kaufman, promptly appears and takes Bond hostage at gunpoint. He is going to shoot Bond and make it look like a murder-suicide, showing Bond the videotape that will be shown on Carver's network. He is about to shoot Bond when he suddenly is informed over his earpiece by Stamper that the BMW's security system makes it impossible for Carver's men to get the decoder. Dr. Kaufman is told to torture Bond to find out how to get into the car. Bond hands over his cell phone and gives a code to punch in which will unlock the car. The phone sends a powerful electric shock into Dr. Kaufman and Bond turns the doctor's gun on the man and shoots him, completing the Carver media image of Paris' death. Bond returns to the parking garage and activates his car with his phone. He jumps into a rear window and pilots the car from the back seat. Carver's men have set up several traps for him but the car's defenses and weapons allow Bond to escape them. He pilots the car to the top level of the garage, jumps out and allows it to drive off the edge and plummet to the street where it lands directly in the Avis Rental office he got the car from. Bond reports to the South China Sea where he meets with American and British military officials and his CIA contact, Jack Wade. Bond shows the group how the decoder works and was used to change the location of the Devonshire. Now that they know where to find the sunken ship, Bond will explore it to prove that the ship was deliberately set off-course. Armed with a parachute and scuba gear, Bond must "HALO" jump into the wreck site, opening his chute a short distance above the water to avoid radar detection. Moments before Bond jumped, military officials discover that the site of the Devonshire is not actually in Chinese waters but those of Vietnam, making Bond's HALO jump more dangerous. Bond reaches the wreck and finds Wai Lin there already. The two discover that two of the Devonshire's guided missiles have been stolen. They surface before the ship sinks deeper into the sea and are promptly captured by Stamper on a Vietnamese fishing boat. They are taken to Carver HQ in Saigon, where they say to Carver that they've been working together on the case for months. Carver orders Stamper to torture them both. Bond and Lin, though handcuffed together, start a gunfight and escape the building. They steal a motorcycle and are chased through the streets until cornered by Carver's helicopter. They grab a cable and are able to throw it into the tail rotor of the chopper, which crashes. Shortly after, while cleaning up, Lin unfastens her handcuff and refastens it to a pipe and leaves Bond behind. He quickly frees himself and tails her to her hideout. She's attacked by several thugs but Bond intervenes and they beat them. They decide to search for Carver's stealth boat together and re-arm themselves, Bond taking a Walther P-99 pistol as his new sidearm. The two search several areas large enough for Carver to hide his stealth craft and get lucky on the last cove. They board the boat and plan to plant explosive charges to disrupt its radar cover and make it visible to the British fleet. Lin is captured and Bond sneaks inside. Carver reveals his ultimate plan; he will launch one of the stolen British missiles into China, provoking a war. The new conflict will be covered by his media group and he will bid for exclusive rights to media coverage in China when his secret partner General Chang takes control of the Chinese government and miraculously ends the conflict. Bond is able to take Gupta hostage; Carver kills Gupta openly after the tech-expert tells his boss that the preparations are complete. However, a grenade planted by Bond with a small triggering device goes off near several flammable gas tanks, causing a huge explosion. The boat, now visible to radar, is attacked by the British navy, while the Chinese Air Force is ordered to stand down, unless the boat turns towards China. Carver orders Stamper to go ahead with the missile launch. Bond goes to deal with the missile, while Wai Lin heads to the engine room to disable the engines to make it easier for the British navy to destroy the boat. With the boat disintegrating around them, Bond fights through several of Carver's henchmen and corners the villain. Bond activates the sea drill hanging nearby and forces Carver into its path, killing him, while Wai Lin is captured by Stamper. Stamper has chained Lin and dangles her over the indoor pool; when she passes Bond some detonation fuses to sabotage the missile, Stamper drops her in the water. Bond and Stamper fight briefly and Bond traps the thug's ankle under the missile. With Stamper holding him in front of the missile's engines, he hopes that Bond will burn and die with him. Bond is able to cut the straps on his pack and he plunges into the water just as the missile launches and the detonators destroy it and Stamper. Under water, he rescues Lin, breathing air into her lungs with a kiss. The two surface just as the stealth boat sinks. They are later picked up by the British Navy while sharing a romantic moment in a lifeboat. 