nm0001399:

 RoboCop (2014)541) In 2028 Detroit, when Alex Murphy, a loving husband, father and good cop, is critically injured in the line of duty, the multinational conglomerate OmniCorp sees their chance for a part-man, part-robot police officer. The year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology. Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years - and it's meant billions for OmniCorp's bottom line. Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it. When Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured in the line of duty, OmniCorp sees their chance for a part-man, part-robot police officer. OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine pursuing justice. Sony Pictures Entertainment When Detroit cop Alex Murphy is critically injured in the line of duty, OmniCorp, a multi-national conglomerate at the center of robotic technology, seizes the opportunity to not only save Alex's life but turn him into a half-robot, half-man crime fighter. Overseas, OmniCorp's drones and other robotic technologies have been utilized by the military for years, but in the USA, they have been prohibited from use. Obviously wanting to grow profits for their shareholders, the company envisions a RoboCop in every city, therefore generating billions. Unfortunately, OmniCorp has not considered the fact that there is still a real-life human being within all this robotic technology. As he returns to the crime-ridden and corrupt streets of Detroit, Alex Murphy begins to face many human issues that regular cops and normal officers never had to face. It's 2028, Detroit. OmniCorp has developed technology in the area of robotics, but while drones have been used by different countries in military applications, the corporation hasn't succeeded in using them to enforce law in the United States due to the Dreyfus Act. When detective and family man Alex Murphy is lethally injured from a car bomb, OmniCorp CEO Raymond Sellars convinces the scientist Dr. Dennett Norton and Murphy's wife to use Murphy's remaining parts in a robot (with intentions of circumventing the law to make a fortune with drones); however, the cyborg RoboCop indeed seeks justice and will not stop until he finds those who destroyed his and his family's lives. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Television personality Pat Novak (Samuel L. Jackson) starts off an episode of his show "The Novak Element" by pointing out that every country in the world except for the United States is under high security with droids from multinational conglomerate OmniCorp. The action shifts to Tehran, where one OmniCorp employee, Rick Maddox (Jackie Earle Haley) is handing out red asset bracelets to Kelly Perkins, one of Novak's reporters and camera crews as they observe the large droids and other robots doing a scan on citizens in the area. From inside a compound, a mother and her son, Navid (Noorin Gulamgaus), watch the droids do their work. Navid's father Arash (Meysam Motazedi) leads a group of suicide bombers outside to capture themselves getting killed live on international television. They launch their attack, with all the bombers getting themselves killed by the droids, though they succeed in taking out some of the EM-208 droids themselves. Navid runs out with a knife in hand and is gunned down by one of the ED-209s on patrol. The camera crew captures all of this. Novak continues by admiring how the droids handled the situation, pointing out that OmniCorp CEO Raymond Sellars (Michael Keaton) has the right idea to push forward for use of these droids in the U.S., but Senator Hubert Dreyfuss (Zach Grenier) is against it, having issued the Dreyfuss Act to prevent this type of law enforcement. Novak ends by asking why America is so robophobic. In Detroit, Detroit Police Department detective Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman) walks to a meeting with Chief Karen Dean (Marianne Jean-Baptiste). In her office are two other cops, John Lake (Daniel Kash) and Andre Daniels (KC Collins). Dean reprimands Murphy for the events of the previous night. Murphy and his partner Jack Lewis (Michael K. Williams) had gotten into a shootout with men working for crime boss Antoine Vallon (Patrick Garrow), killing six of them and critically wounding Lewis. Lake and Daniels are not happy with Murphy for intruding on their investigation into Vallon, but Murphy counters that their inability to produce an arrest on Vallon after two years of investigation suggests them to be dirty. Once Lake and Daniels leave the office, Murphy tells his story. Murphy's story is told in flashback. He and Lewis have been undercover to crack down on shipments of illegal firearms. Posing as buyers, they interview a dealer named Jerry White (Jordan Johnson-Hinds), but they begin to think he's selling dirty weapons. Acting like they believe Jerry is an undercover cop, they scare him into revealing that he works for Antoine Vallon. Murphy and Lewis run the serial numbers of the weapons being sold and discover something shocking: they are guns that should have been locked up in the evidence room, which means Vallon's got cops on his payroll. Against their better judgment, Murphy and Lewis go to a restaurant to meet with Vallon. Lewis insists that they need backup, since Vallon's guys might shoot them for target practice, but Murphy thinks calling for backup will tip Vallon off. The meeting starts smoothly. Vallon and his right hand man hear Murphy and Lewis out, and appear to fall for their undercover identities. Unfortunately, just as they're about to close the deal, somebody betrays Murphy and Lewis to Vallon and notifies Vallon by smartphone. Vallon immediately leaves the table just as a few cars pull up in front of the restaurant, and a group of gunmen armed with pistols and submachine guns open fire. Murphy and Lewis return fire with their pistols, pinned down in one of the booths. After a lengthy exchange of gunfire, during which several henchmen are killed, Murphy escapes outside by jumping through a glass window into an alleyway. A couple of henchmen are waiting in the alley to ambush him. Murphy uses a dumpster as a shield while advancing on and shooting at the henchmen. He kills two of them, and the remaining one escapes by foot. Lewis prepares to follow Murphy when a henchman hiding in the kitchen bursts out and fires on him. He manages to return fire and kill the henchman, but in the process is shot in his right shoulder. Murphy stays with him until an ambulance can arrive, and Vallon manages to escape. In the present, Chief Dean reminds Murphy that he isn't supposed to carry out such an assignment without talking to her first. In Washington, DC, Sellars is testifying in front of a Senate subcomittee hearing with Senator Dreyfuss in regards to the matter of using OmniCorp droids as law enforcement. Dreyfuss argues that a machine could not feel anything if it were to kill anybody, even a child, and Sellars reluctantly admits as much. On return to Detroit, Sellars meets up with his marketing associates, Liz Kline (Jennifer Ehle) and Tom Pope (Jay Baruchel). Realizing that more than half of the country's population will not stand behind robots protecting their streets, Sellars proposes that they get a man into a machine. At the OmniCorp rehab center, Dr. Dennett Norton (Gary Oldman) and his assistant Jae Kim (Aimee Garcia) are tending to a man who has had his arms replaced with artificial robotic limbs. Although he is nervous to use them at first, Dr. Norton convinces him to give it a go. The man starts to play the guitar, and he and his wife are overcome with joy. The man's emotional levels begin to rise, which would interfere with the program. He tones it down but then says he needs emotions to play. Dr. Norton is then called away by Sellars. They, along with Kline and Pope, review potential amputee candidates for the man-in-a-machine program, all of them veteran police officers, but Dr. Norton and Sellars reject each one either due to their physical form or their psychological screenings. Meanwhile, it's revealed to us that the two officers Chief Dean shooed out of her office earlier, Lake and Daniels, are the men who betrayed Murphy to Vallon. They meet Vallon at a bar, where he gently chides them for not warning him sooner. He considers bribing Murphy to get him in line, but Daniels counters that that's not an option, as Murphy is going to come down harder on Vallon from here on out. The two detectives think it would be easier to just kill Murphy, an idea that Vallon initially is hesitant to on the grounds of the increased attention he'll get from the cops until Lake and Daniels remind him that they're the ones who will be "investigating" him. So Vallon orders one of his men to plant a bomb in the driver's side wheel well of Murphy's car that afternoon while Murphy is visiting Lewis in the hospital. Alex goes home to his wife Clara (Abbie Cornish) and 10-year-old son David (John Paul Ruttan). After putting David to bed, he and Clara start to get intimate when the car alarm goes off. Worrying that it'll wake David, Alex goes to turn it off. The car alarm is a trap, and it lures him outside, and the car is then blown up remotely. Alex is critically wounded, subjected to fourth degree burns over his entire body, both his legs and one arm have to be amputated, he is blind in one eye, and will probably be deaf. Dr. Norton and his medical team, seeing a perfect candidate for their project, convince Clara to give consent to use Alex for the program, although she is concerned as to what kind of life he will have. Three Months Later: Alex is at a party with Clara, along with Jack and his wife. Alex and Clara dance to a Frank Sinatra song. This turns out to be a memory that Norton and Kim are viewing as they put the finishing touches on Alex's new mechanical suit. They wake him up, and he is in shock as to what he sees. He grabs Norton by the throat and throws him down. Kim tries to shut Alex down as he runs out of the room, but Norton tells her to let him go. Alex continues to run until he hops over the wall of the facility and through a field before they're able to shut him down and bring him back in. Back in the lab, Norton speaks with Alex face-to-face and shows him just what is left of him - only his head, heart, lungs, and brain are still intact. Alex is horrified by this and requests that he die. Norton reminds him that Clara signed the consent forms, so if they let him die, the work will have been for nothing. Alex later talks to Clara through a video chat. She is happy to hear from him again. Afterwards, he later sees news reports on his attempted murder, and is dismayed that much to his suspicions, Vallon is still out there on the streets, Lake and Daniels having scuttled the investigation into his attempted murder, while Jack offers messages of support for his fallen partner. Alex is put through training and is set to get familiar with his program. As Maddox shows him, his suit can respond to a threat, taking out a firearm if needed. Alex is taken a simulator room where he is placed next to a basic EM-208. As shown on a monitor, the robot responds to threats quicker than Alex, who hesitates and is conscious of potentially harming civilians, yet also shows more sound tactics. Maddox quips that he "wouldn't buy that for a dollar". After Alex's simulator training is complete, he moves on to field training. He is put to the test against Maddox in an exoskeleton along with other robots. As Alex easily maneuvers through the robots' gunfire, he shoots them all and tases Maddox for good measure. The entire training is observed by Norton and Sellars. Norton explains that although Alex thinks he is the one carrying out these actions, he is merely carrying out orders as programmed. Kline points out that this is illegal, but Sellars thinks it's fully legal for a machine to think it is a man. Norton drives Alex to his home where he will get to see Clara and David for the first time. David set up a "welcome home banner" for his father. Alex enters his home, and although both Clara and David are surprised by his new appearance, they still embrace him. A public press conference is held to present the new and reformed Murphy to the city. While he is getting set up, Norton and Kim see on a monitor the emotions going through Murphy's head as they put the police database information into his head. When he starts to remember his attempted murder, he becomes overwhelmed and starts to have a seizure. Dr. Norton catches him and is pressed by Kline and Pope to find a solution in a matter of minutes. He and Kim resolve to lower Murphy's emotional levels. He walks out to find Clara and David waiting for him. David says hello to his dad, but Murphy just continues walking with no expression. He passes Sellars and the mayor as they extend their hands to him. Once he steps out before everybody, the crowd goes silent as he begins scanning the crowd for criminals with warrants. Things escalate as he spots one man in the crowd, Thomas King (Dwayne McLean), who is wanted for murder. Murphy calls the man out to arrest him. King begins to run until Murphy hops into the crowd and shoots him with a taser round to the back, knocking him down.. The incident is spun by Pat Novak on his show as a reason for people to finally get behind this new program. He notes that King stood within spitting distance of two cops who could not identify him and that he has eluded the police for six years on charges of rape, assault, and murder, yet Alex was able to catch him within a minute. As a result, public opinion on the Dreyfuss Act begins to change. The citizens of Detroit begin to embrace Alex, giving him the nickname of RoboCop, though some are against this due to the belief that the police work belongs to human cops and not a robot. However, Sellars tells Dr. Norton to, for the meantime, keep Murphy away from his family. At the police station, Murphy comes in as Chief Dean briefs the other officers on several murder suspects. Murphy says he will take on the case to look for a criminal named John Biggs (Robert Thomas). He patrols through the city on his motorcycle. He catches a few totally stoned junkies, getting one to tell him where Biggs's drug lab is. Murphy finds the lab and storms in, gunning down Biggs's goons. Biggs tries to run but Murphy has him cornered. He tries to throw a grenade at Murphy, but he gets shot in the leg and drops it, blowing himself up in the process. Days later, Alex is stopped on the street by Clara as he's leaving to fight more crime. She pleads for him to hear her as she tells him that David is traumatized and is having nightmares. Although Alex seemingly ignores her, moments later, he can't help but tap into CCTV footage to see reporters hounding Clara and David as she tries to take him to school. Realizing how much he's become distant from his family, Murphy rides back to his home and inspects the crime scene where his car blew up. He reviews the security footage that recorded the blast, and is further dismayed to realize that David witnessed his burning body, leaving him fearful, anxious, and distressed. He resolves to end Vallon once and for all. To start, Murphy goes back to Jerry White, the gun dealer who first told him and Lewis about Vallon being behind the gun trafficking. He tracks Jerry down and pulls him out of his car to interrogate him. Jerry initially resists and tries to avoid giving him answers, until Murphy breaks his hand and gets him to give up the identity of a man on Vallon's crew that he's in contact with. Using his access to the phone company records, Murphy is able to locate Vallon's warehouse. As he rides over to the warehouse, someone tips off Vallon to Murphy's impending arrival. Vallon rallies his men to grab their guns. As an extra precaution, they turn the lights off and don night-vision goggles, hoping to make it harder for Murphy to get kill shots on them. They open fire on Murphy as he blows down the doors with his motorcycle. In the barrage, Murphy gets his suit shot and his visor broken, but he kills all of Vallon's remaining gunmen, saving Vallon for last. After gunning down Vallon, Murphy picks up a gun from one of the fallen soldiers and scans it for fingerprints, picking up prints from Lake and Daniels. Murphy returns to the police station, followed by Jack. He interrogates Lake and Daniels, showing the meeting through every monitor in the station to prove their involvement in the bombing. Daniels tries to shoot Murphy but gets shot in return. Lake admits that Dean was involved with both the shootout at the restaurant and the car bomb. He tases Lake and goes to confront Dean. Before he can get a confession out of her, Maddox, operating from the facility, shuts Murphy down. Maddox reports this to Sellars who is in his helicopter. On another episode of "The Novak Element", Novak comments on how Murphy exposed the corruption within the police department, further suggesting why it's time to finally put the robots out on the street. Meanwhile, Sellars meets with Maddox, Kline, and Pope to talk about the state of Murphy's condition. Kline issues a statement to the public to say that Murphy is in critical condition. Sellars decides that they can use Murphy as a symbol of martyrdom to stir up sympathy. Additionally, the Dreyfuss Act is repealed. Clara demands to see her husband but is denied. Sellars sends Maddox and other mercenaries out to destroy Murphy, preparing to tell Clara that Alex died from his injuries. Kline arrives at Clara's home and escorts her and David to HQ to meet with Sellars. With Kim's help, Dr. Norton runs into the facility where Murphy is being kept, warning him that the mercenaries are sent by Sellars and are there to kill both of them. Murphy wakes up in time to kill the two goons before they can fire at him and Norton. Murphy rides his motorcycle to OmniCorp Headquarters and gets help from Lewis, who has rallied the SWAT team to assist. He tases one guard outside the building, forcing the others to stand down. He flips his motorcycle into the building, getting the attention of two ED-209 droids. They shoot at Murphy, but he gets them to shoot at each other. A third droid is caught in the chaos and falls from a great height, and Alex's left arm is caught beneath it. As more droids come in, Murphy is forced to grab a submachine gun and shoot his left arm off. The droids shoot at him, bringing him down. Lewis runs in and stands in front of him, giving Alex a chance to run. He is found by Maddox and another goon, both of whom are wearing red asset bracelets, which keep Murphy from shooting either of them. Before Maddox can deliver the fatal shot, Lewis shoots him in the back and kills him, and then kills the other goon before getting shot himself, nonfatally. Murphy assesses the wound and determines it to be non-fatal to Lewis. Murphy makes it to the rooftop of the building as Sellars is waiting for a helicopter. Clara and David are there with him, as are another mercenary, along with Kline and Pope. Alex orders the latter two to stand down, and they comply. He attempts to arrest Sellars for trying to have him killed, but he is also wearing a red asset bracelet, and therefore he cannot shoot him. Sellars aims his gun at Alex, and then at Clara and David. This gives Alex enough of a push to override his program and shoot Sellars, who returns fire. As Sellars dies, Clara and David rush to Alex's side. A while later, Alex is given a new repaired suit. Clara and David are there to visit him. He smiles as they come in. The last scene shows one more segment of "The Novak Element." The President has vetoed the repeal of the Dreyfuss Act once Norton testifies against OmniCorp's program. Despite this, Novak is still pro-robot, continuing to praise Sellars and bash Norton for being a whistleblower. As he concludes his show, Novak urges viewers to stop whining and to get with the program. 
 Spy Game (2001)651) Retiring CIA agent Nathan Muir recalls his training of Tom Bishop while working against agency politics to free him from his Chinese captors. CIA operative Nathan Muir (Redford) is on the brink of retirement when he finds out that his protege Tom Bishop (Pitt) has been arrested in China for espionage. No stranger to the machinations of the CIA's top echelon, Muir hones all his skills and irreverent manner in order to find a way to free Bishop. As he embarks on his mission to free Bishop, Muir recalls how he recruited and trained the young rookie, at that time a sergeant in Vietnam, their turbulent times together as operatives and the woman who threatened their friendship. ck It's April 14, 1991, the final day of work for CIA case agent Nathan Muir before he retires. It has been a job that has not made him opulently wealthy, he planning on using his life savings of $282,000 to purchase a retirement property in the Bahamas. This day, he is called by a task force led by Charles Harker and Troy Folger to provide any personal information on Tom Bishop, a CIA undercover field agent who has just been apprehended by the Chinese government in China, and who will be executed in twenty-four hours by the Chinese on charges of espionage unless the US government claims him, which if they do means answering to what was Bishop's unauthorized operation in China. Bishop, a former US Army sharpshooter, was recruited into the CIA as a contract agent by Muir, who acted as his trainer, mentor and case agent in his early CIA career, hence the reason for Muir being called by the task force to provide personal information which may not be in Bishop's official file. What Muir does not tell the task force is that he had heard about Bishop's predicament earlier by one of his CIA colleagues, Harry Duncan, who is currently working an operation in Hong Kong. Although the task force members do not come right out and say so, Muir knows they are working on a different agenda than him, they whose main goal is to protect an imminent trade negotiation between the US and China which means possibly sacrificing Bishop as collateral damage, while Muir is determined to stop the execution and ensure Bishop's safe return as one of CIA's own and as his friend. Muir spends much of the day with the task force, which takes up much of his time to achieve his goal, but which also allows him to feed the task force information or misinformation which may assist his own cause while gleaning information from the task force which he may not know. Assisting Muir outside the war room is his faithful assistant, Gladys Jennip. Getting Bishop back to safety also means that Muir has to figure out what was Bishop's operation in China. Huggo Brad Pitt is reunited as a co-star with his A River Runs Through It (1992) director Robert Redford for this espionage thriller from Tony Scott. On the verge of retirement from the Central Intelligence Agency, veteran spy Nathan Muir (Redford) learns that his one-time protege Tom Bishop (Pitt) has gone rogue and been taken prisoner after attempting to smuggle a prisoner out of China. Although Muir and Bishop had once been close friends, sharing adventures from Vietnam to Berlin, bad blood and resentment developed between them, and the two men haven't seen each other in years. As his memories of their friendship come flooding back, Muir sets about arranging the rescue of his old friend from a Communist jail. 1991: the Cold War is ending. Just days before the US President is to visit China for trade talks, a CIA operative named Bishop is captured in a rogue operation at a Chinese prison. He'll be shot in 24 hours unless the President steps in. CIA honchos hunker down at Langley, controlling the damage to the diplomatic mission by hanging Bishop out to dry. Enter Nathan Muir, one day before retirement from the Agency, the man who recruited and trained Bishop. Can he find a way to get the President to free Bishop; if that fails, can he engineer a rescue? He hangs around Langley, telling stories about Bishop, as he gathers intelligence, looks for opportunities, and runs his own spy game. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1991, the film depicts the U.S. and Chinese Governments on the verge of a major trade agreement, with the American President due to pay a visit to China to seal the deal. The Central Intelligence Agency gets word that their Special Activities Division operative Tom Bishop (Brad Pitt) has been captured trying to free an Englishwoman, Elizabeth Hadley (Catherine McCormack), from a Chinese prison near Su Chou (Suzhou). Bishop is being questioned under torture and will be executed within twenty-four hours unless he is claimed by the U.S. Government, so they scramble to decide what to doif they claim Bishop as an agent, they risk destroying the trade agreement. Exacerbating the situation is the fact that Bishop was operating in a "rogue" capacity without permission from the Agency. In an attempt to quickly deal with the situation, CIA executives call in Nathan Muir (Robert Redford), an aging mid-level case officer on his last day before retirement, and the man who recruited Bishop. Although they tell Muir that they simply need him to act as a "stop gap" to fill in some holes in their background files, the officials are in reality hoping that what he gives them is the smoking gun they need to justify letting Bishop die. Realizing as much, Muir attempts to save Bishop by leaking the story to CNN through a contact in Hong Kong, believing that the CIA will rescue Tom once a public outcry puts pressure on them to do so. Unfortunately for Muir, the tactic only stalls them, as a phone call to the FCC from a high ranking executive results in CNN retracting the story. During the debriefing, referred to above, Muir describes how he recruited Bishop into the MACV-SOG while the latter was an Marine Corps sniper in Vietnam. Muir also discusses their tour of duty in Berlin in 1975. Both sub-plots are given extensive time in the film. Considerable time is also devoted to Muir and Bishop's spy work in Lebanon that culminated to a plot similar to that of the 1985 Beirut car bombing the aftermath of which led to the last time the two saw each other face to face. With his plan quashed, Muir resorts to far more dangerous tactics, secretly creating a forged urgent operational directive from the CIA Director to commence Operation Dinner Out: a daring rescue mission spearheaded by U.S. Navy SEALs which Bishop laid the groundwork for as a 'Plan B' to his own rescue attempt. Using US$282,000 of his life savings and a misappropriated file on Chinese coastline satellite imagery, Muir bribes a Chinese energy official to cut power to the prison for thirty minutes, during which time the SEAL rescue team retrieves Bishop and Hadley. Hadley, who fled the UK after carrying out a bombing of the Chinese Embassy, met Bishop in Lebanon. She was in the Chinese prison after being kidnapped and exchanged for an arrested US diplomat. It was in fact Muir himself who had arranged the kidnapping, believing she could possibly expose Bishop's true identity as a CIA paramilitary operative. After realizing that Hadley was the target of Bishop's daring rescue attempt, Muir finally learns that he greatly underestimated Bishop's feelings for her. It is this guilt which prompts him to part with his life savings in order to save her and Bishop, going against his warning to Bishop years previously in Berlin that he would not go after him if he went "off the reservation." Bishop, who is rescued at the end of the film nearly 15 minutes prior to his scheduled execution, realizes Muir was behind his rescue since the name of the plan to rescue him, "Operation Dinner Out," was a reference to a birthday gift that Bishop gave Muir while they were in Lebanon. 
 Without a Trace (20022009)Summaries Series about the special FBI Missing Persons Squad that finds missing people by applying advanced psychological profiling to reveal the victims lives. As any detective can tell you, investigating missing property or deaths is comparatively easy compared to elusive missing people. However in New York City, there is a special unit of the FBI that is designed to find them. Using the vast resources of their bureau, the team, lead by Agent Jack Malone, race against time in the tight 72 hour window after a disappearance while hope for a recovery is still typically possible. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Secrets & Lies (1996)431) Following the death of her adoptive parents, a successful young black optometrist establishes contact with her biological mother -- a lonely white factory worker living in poverty in East London. Cynthia lives in London with her sullen street-sweeper daughter. Her brother has been successful with his photographer's business and now lives nearby in a more upmarket house. But Cynthia hasn't even been invited round there after a year. So, all round, she feels rather lonely and isolated. Meanwhile, in another part of town, Hortense, adopted at birth but now grown up, starts to try and trace her mother. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Following the passing of her adoptive mother, London based optometrist Hortense Cumberbatch believes it is a good time to find out the identity of her birth mother, something that is now the right of adopted adult children in Britain which was not the case when she was given up for adoption in 1968. Her biological mother's name is Cynthia Purley, the most shocking news among the adoption papers for Hortense being that Cynthia is white, while Hortense is black. Despite the questions Hortense has for Cynthia, she isn't sure what to do with any of the information. If Hortense does proceed with contacting Cynthia, she will find that she is walking into a firestorm of dysfunction that exists between members of the Purley family. Cynthia, an uneducated factory worker who on first thought wouldn't even remember sleeping with a black man, has only two blood relatives: her younger brother Maurice Purley, who owns a successful photography business, and her daughter Roxanne Purley, who works for the council as a street cleaner. Roxanne, on the cusp of her twenty-first birthday, is an angry and unambitious young woman, most of that anger directed at her mother. She treats Maurice like the father she never had - her biological father's identity which Cynthia has never told her - and thus Maurice's wife, Monica Purley, like the mother she wished she had. Maurice and Monica can treat Roxanne like a daughter especially since they have no children of their own. Controlling Monica has made Maurice cut day-to-day ties with Cynthia due to Monica seeing Cynthia as flighty and irresponsible, that view in part because of Cynthia getting pregnant when she was fifteen with who ended up being Hortense. No one has ever told Roxanne that she is Cynthia's second child. That severing of ties means that Maurice and Monica have not invited either Cynthia or Roxanne to the new house they've owned for a year, redecorating it to her exacting standards being Monica's focus in life. The question then becomes what will happen between Hortense and Cynthia not if but when Hortense contacts her which she has decided to do, and how that will affect the interpersonal relationships between all the family members now including Hortense. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hortense Cumberbatch, a black optometrist in London who was adopted as a child, has chosen to trace her family history after the death of her adoptive mother. Despite being warned by public officials about the troubles she could face by tracking her birth mother down, she continues her investigation and is surprised to learn that her birth mother is white. The woman in question, Cynthia Purley, works in a cardboard box factory and lives in East London with her other illegitimate daughter Roxanne, a street sweeper; the pair have a tense relationship. Cynthia's younger brother Maurice is a successful photographer who lives in the suburbs with his wife Monica. The couple also experience domestic difficulties due to Monica's often distant temperament. Later scenes reveal that she suffers from severe menstrual cramps. Cynthia and Monica have never liked one another: Monica regards her sister-in-law as self-pitying and overly hysterical, while Cynthia deems Monica greedy and snobbish. For this reason, Maurice rarely sees Cynthia and Roxanne despite not living particularly far from them, but he and Monica both look forward to celebrating their niece's upcoming 21st birthday. When Maurice pays Cynthia a surprise visit, she breaks down in tears, berating her brother for his long absence. Before leaving, Maurice gives her money to pay for repairs on the house and tells her of his and Monica's wish to hold a barbecue for Roxanne's birthday. Roxanne is revealed to have a boyfriend, Paul, whom Cynthia has never met. This leads to an argument between mother and daughter; Roxanne storms out, leaving Cynthia in tears. Shortly thereafter, Hortense rings Cynthia and starts to enquire about "baby Elizabeth Purley", whom she says was born in 1968. Cynthia realizes that Hortense is the daughter she gave up for adoption as a teenager and hangs up the phone in distress; persevering, Hortense rings Cynthia again and eventually manages to persuade her to meet her. When they come face to face, Cynthia, not expecting Hortense to be black, insists that a mistake has been made with the birth records. Hortense convinces Cynthia to look at some documents pertaining to Hortense's birth. Cynthia remains convinced that Hortense is not her daughter until, suddenly, she retrieves a memory and begins to cry, stating that she is ashamed. Hortense then asks who her father was, to which Cynthia replies, "You don't wanna know that, darling." The pair continue to converse, asking questions about one another's lives. Soon Hortense and Cynthia have struck up a friendship; Cynthia, who is not in the habit of going out, suddenly finds herself doing so frequently, catching the attention of Roxanne, who is confused by her mother's secrecy. On one of their meetings, Cynthia mentions to Hortense Roxanne's birthday party. She later asks Maurice if she can bring a "mate from work" to the barbecue; when he says yes, she relays this information to Hortense, who, despite her reservations, agrees to attend and pose as Cynthia's colleague. On the day of the birthday party Monica makes an effort to be welcoming, but nonetheless she and Cynthia are unable to resist making passive-aggressive comments towards one another. During the barbecue Hortense evasively answers the many questions that are put to her by the other guests. The party moves inside due to rain. While Hortense is in the bathroom, Cynthia, who has become increasingly nervous, reveals that she is Hortense's mother. Roxanne dismisses this claim, assuming that she has had too much to drink, but when Monica inadvertently confirms it as true, she is furious and storms out of the house. Maurice attempts to pacify the situation by confronting Roxanne at a nearby bus stop, and he and Paul manage to convince her to hear her mother out. Meanwhile, Cynthia and Monica quarrel. Cynthia says that Monica should try bringing up a child on her own, to which Monica, though visibly upset, says nothing. When Roxanne, Maurice and Paul return, Cynthia explains matters: she fell pregnant at fifteen and was sent away by her father; after the adoption she never expected Hortense to seek her out. Cynthia proceeds to berate Monica, and Maurice, coming to the latter's defense, reveals that she is physically incapable of having children. He loses his temper, exhorting those present to "share [their] pain" instead of harboring resentments. He praises Hortense for having the courage to seek the truth. Cynthia then explains that Roxanne's father was an American medical student vacationing in Benidorm whom she met at a pub. One morning, Cynthia awoke and he had gone. Hortense again enquires as to the identity of her father. Cynthia replies, "Don't break my heart, darling." After a while things have calmed down and Hortense pays a visit to Cynthia and Roxanne at their home. When Hortense reveals that she always wanted a sister, Roxanne says that she would be happy to introduce Hortense as her half-sister notwithstanding the long explanations that it would entail. 