nm0004825:

 Waiting... (I) (2005)431) Young employees at Shenaniganz restaurant collectively stave off boredom and adulthood with their antics. It's the dinner shift at Shenanigan's. Dan, the clueless boss, assigns Mitch, 22, a trainee, to Monty, the smooth talker who chases girls for one-night stands. Dean, a waiter, also 22, feels that life is passing him by. Dan offers him the assistant manager job and gives him until midnight to decide. Other waiters, cooks, and bus boys have their issues and personalities. Bishop, the dishwasher, is their counselor. During this shift, Monty may learn something, Dean makes his decision, Dan makes a play for the not-yet-18 hostess, customers get their comeuppance, the guys all play the in-house homophobic flashing game, the gals demonstrate why they won't, and Mitch gets the last word. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Over the course of twenty-four hours, from one drunken after work party to the next drunken after work party the following night, the shenanigans of the employees at ShenaniganZ, a strip mall franchise restaurant, are presented. These shenanigans are centered on the restaurant's wait staff, who have the unenviable position of being the primary interface between the other employees, whether it be the bartenders, cooks, dishwashers, buspeople, hostess or manager, and the customers. There are six wait staff working this day. Monty, the alpha male and head troublemaker, is a womanizer who has a penchant for jail bait, he currently having his eye on the new hostess, Natasha, who will not be legal for another week. Serena, Monty's ex-girlfriend, is arguably the one person who can put him in his place. Dean, who has worked as a waiter here for four years since high school and has stayed largely in not knowing what he wants to do, is feeling at a crossroads. He has learned that Chet Miller, with who he took all the advanced academic courses in high school, has just graduated from college with a degree in engineering, while Dean himself has not even managed to graduate from community college. Dan, the loser Manager, offers Dean the position of Assistant Manager, Dean having to weigh the benefits of advancement against possibly turning into another Dan. Amy, Dean's girlfriend, always seems to be stuck with having to serve the worst of the already generally bad customers that frequent the restaurant. Insecure Calvin, who is working a double shift as a favor for his "girlfriend" who wanted a night off, has recently developed a case of shy bladder syndrome. And Naomi is seemingly angry at everyone and everything. A seventh this day is trainee Mitch, who seems overwhelmed by these shenanigans, especially the "penis showing game". Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dean is a 22 year old waiter at "Shenaniganz," a restaurant with a colorful crew and an irreverent disdain for the customer. He is stuck in the point of his life which makes him crave more than a crappy job at a restaurant and a couple classes per semester. When he is offered the job of assistant manager, he is forced to consider the potential benefits/disadvantages of accepting, beating himself up over the fact that his high school classmate recently graduated as an electrical engineer -- a fact his mother reminded him of at their lunch meeting at the start of the movie. Along with his roommate, Dean lives in a house that is the constant host of parties for everyone working at the restaurant, which only makes him wonder even more about his place in life. Dean's roommate Monty is an individual extremely concerned with his getting of the poontang, and throughout the course of the movie his comments are lewd, in-your-face reminders of his sexual perversion and infinite coolness. Monty's current objective is the underage hostess at the restaurant, Natasha, who provokes incessantly an occurrence of statuatory rape between the two [however, when the chance does finally arrive for Monty, he wusses out because she is too young]. The movie takes place during Mitch's first day and the nature of things in the restaurant is displayed as Monty tours him around, yet never lets him speak. The "penis-showing game" is the focus of the crew's entertainment -- a game which consists of the male workers showing each other their genitalia in various different shapes and forms. If the other player looks, he gets one or more kicks in the ass. Mitch gets a glimpse of all the characters, including the busboys Nick and T-dawg [two wankstas who hang out by the dumpsters and eat all the vegetables after getting a little green], the bartenders [a sultry lesbian and a sexy lady who is dating the even sexier cook Raddimus -- inventor of the penis showing game and lover of handjobs], the Bishop [the resident philosopher/therapist who also happens to be the chain-smoking dishwasher], Floyd [another cook, though more like a cock], the manager Dan [uptight typical manager --also hits on Natasha], and the waiters/tresses Naomi [bitter little curse of a woman], Serena [sensuous ex-partner of Monty, ridicules him in public about his lacking sexual prowess], Amy [Dean's friend], and Calvin [pushover who can't pee in public bathrooms, and later ends up wetting himself on the couch next to a girl he's trying to impress]. Overall, the movie is about Dean trying to figure out what to do with his life, whether Monty will do Natasha, whether Calvin will ever get laid, and will Mitch ever get to say something. Viewers also get a (admittedly over-the-top for shock value) behind-the-scenes glimpse of restaurant antics. All these conflicts are resolved at the party at the end, which ridicules Dan the manager, since Natasha makes him think he is invited but gives him wrong directions, ridicules Calvin for aforementioned reasons, resolves Dean's whiny crisis, lets Monty know he is afraid to touch a minor, and gives Mitch the opportunity to prove himself to the whole restaurant staff by showing them all "The Goat," the most humiliating position of the penis-showing game. Great movie. 
 You Don't Mess with the Zohan (2008)431) An Israeli Special Forces Soldier fakes his death so he can re-emerge in New York City as a hair stylist. Harbouring an ardent desire to be the best in the cut-throat world of hairdressers, the Mossad's finest agent, Zohan, seizes the opportunity to call it quits by faking his death, after a fierce battle with his arch-nemesis, Phantom. In high hopes of making his dream come true in New York, the ambitious Zohan lands a job in the stylish hair salon of the beautiful Palestinian, Dalia, and things seem to work as planned; until a man from the past blows his cover. Now, the Zohan must fight tooth and nail to keep his new lifestyle, and in the meantime, try to win the heart of his boss. Can Zohan's dazzling hairstyling techniques save the world? Nick Riganas Zohan Dvir works as a Special Agent and lives with his orthodox parents in Israel. He wants to give up this life full of dangerous encounters with Palestinians. While in the process of apprehending a Palestinian activist known simply as the Phantom, he fakes his death, hides in a dog-kennel on a plane bound for New York, and decides to try his hand as a hair-stylist. He is refused employment initially, but when he offers to work for free, Dahlia hires him as a cleaner. When a hair-stylist named Debbie quits, Zohan replaces her, winning over elderly female clientle, and falling in love with Dahlia herself. Before Zohan could propose to her, Dahlia's landlord, Walbridge, who has been raising rents regularly, hires skinhead goons to terrorize the neighborhood, creates misunderstandings between Jews, Muslims, Arabs, and Palestinians, and drives them out, so as to enable him to construct a new building which is topped by a roller coaster. When Zohan decides to confront these skinheads, he does not realize that he is in for quite a few surprises himself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Zohan Dvir (Adam Sandler) is a superhuman yet kindhearted Israeli counter-terrorist and the finest and most respected soldier in the IDF. However, he has become bored and sickened by the constant fighting, secretly dreaming of moving to the USA and becoming a hairdresser. While on a mission to thwart a Palestinian terror group being led by his personal arch-enemy, Fatoush "the Phantom" Hakbarah (John Turturro), Zohan fakes his own death and smuggles himself onto a flight to New York, cutting his own hair and taking the alias "Scrappy Coco" (the names of two dogs he shared the flight with) while claiming that he is "half Australian, half Mount Everest." Meanwhile the Phantom becomes rich and famous for supposedly killing Zohan, gaining his own fast food business. Initially unsuccessful in getting hired at several salons, Zohan's military expertise earns him a new friend, Michael (Nick Swardson), who gives him a place to stay. However, Michael starts to regret it when he finds Zohan making out with his mother. Zohan encounters a fellow Israeli named Oori (Ido Mosseri) at a disco, who recognizes Zohan but agrees to keep his identity a secret. Oori takes him to a block in lower Manhattan filled with Middle Easterners who are split between a Palestinian side and an Israeli side of the street. Zohan attempts to land a job in a struggling salon of a Palestinian woman named Dalia (Emmanuelle Chriqui). After first only allowing Zohan to sweep floors for free, she eventually allows him to be a stylist after he pleases an older customer with a satisfactory haircut and back-room sexual service. Zohan's reputation spreads instantly among the elderly women of lower Manhattan and Dalia's business booms, upsetting Grant Walbridge (Michael Buffer), a corporate magnate who has been trying to force out all the local tenants on the block so that he can build a mall. Zohan is identified by a Palestinian cab driver named Salim (Rob Schneider), who bears a grudge against Zohan for taking his goat away from him. Salim convinces his friends to help him kill Zohan, but is forced after a failed bombing attempt to contact Phantom, who Salim attempts to blackmail, but ends up getting the stiff end of the deal as he convinces Phantom to visit New York to find Zohan. Meanwhile, Zohan realizes that he has fallen in love with Dalia, and comes clean to Michael and his mother about his true identity, before meeting Dalia. Dalia rejects Zohan after he reveals he was formerly an Israeli counter-terror operative. He decides to leave Dalia and take on Phantom in a championship Hacky Sack game sponsored by Walbridge, but the match is cut short with sudden news of the Middle Eastern block being attacked, and he quickly leaves. Zohan arrives and calms the Israelis and Palestinians, who each blame the other for the violence, while making peace with Salim. Phantom then appears and confronts Zohan, but Zohan refuses to fight. Dalia appears, revealing that she is Phantom's sister, and convinces her brother to cooperate with Zohan against the arsonists, revealed to be white supremacists hired by Walbridge to instigate an inter-ethnic riot so he can get his new mall in the aftermath. As Zohan and Phantom work to save the block, the latter admits that he always wanted to be a shoe salesman rather than a terrorist. Although the white supremacists are defeated and Walbridge imprisoned, Phantom accidentally destroys all of the shops on the block. However, with the Israelis and the Palestinians united, the block is transformed into a collectively-owned mall called the Peace and Brotherhood Fire Insurance Mall. Phantom opens a shoe store, Salim gets a new goat, which he gives children rides on, and Zohan and Dalia open a beauty salon, Zohan having married Dalia. Zohan's parents show up approving his new life before asking that he cut their hair, which he happily does. 
 Wrong Turn (I) (2003)651) Chris and a group of five friends are left stranded deep in the middle of the woods after their cars collide. As they venture deeper into the woods, they face an uncertain and bloodcurdling fate. Chris Flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city. However, an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and Chris looks for an alternative route through the mountains of West Virginia to accomplish his schedule. Due to a lack of attention, he crashes another car parked in the middle of the road with flat tires. Chris meets a group of five friends, who intended to camp in the forest, and they decide to leave the couple Francine and Evan on the place, while Chris, Jessie, Carly and her fianc Scott tries to find some help. They find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere, where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of monsters live. The two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chris Flynn is driving through the backwoods of West Virginia on the way to an interview when he has an accident with a group of five friends, writing off his car. Their car is also damaged, so four of them set off to find help, leaving two behind to watch the cars. One by one they get picked off by a bunch of mutated inbred hillbillies. grantss In a throwback to 1970's horror films such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Hills Have Eyes", "Wrong Turn" is an independently-made horror film about a group of five youths on a hiking trip in the Appalachains of West Virginia who become prey to a family of cannibalistic mountain men who have become horribly disfigured through generations of in-breeding. ahmetkozan Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom where stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nesteled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. Scott Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of five friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom are stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nestled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. ************************************************************************************************************************************************************** The movie begins with two college students, Halley (Yvonne Gaudry) and Rich (Joel Harris), who are rock climbing in the West Virginia Forest. Rich reaches the top, and looks at the view, while Halley continues to climb. Halley starts to struggle and falls, but her climbing line catches her. She calls for Rich to pull her up to the top of the cliff, but he doesn't respond. She sees Rich, lying dead, and then his body is thrown off the cliff. Then, someone starts to pull Halley up the cliff by her climbing line. She cuts the line and falls, landing on Rich's dead body. She manages to escape, and sees the trees moving and eerie laughs are heard. Halley almost reaches her car, but she trips over a piece of barbed wire, and is pulled back into the woods by an unseen force, screaming. Chris Flynn (Desmond Harrington), a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man. The old man gives him directions to the other route, then shows Chris a map detailing where to go. Chris takes the dirt road and drives off. As Chris is driving, his car begins to lose control and crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie (Eliza Dushku), Carly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), her fianc Scott (Jeremy Sisto), and a couple, Evan and Francine (Kevin Zegers and Lindy Booth). Jessie find a piece of barbed wire in the woods that was tied to a tree across the road after their tires were punctured. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to the woods to find help. Chris joins them, while Evan and Francine stay with the cars. After Evan and Francine partake in a round of oral sex, Evan starts to fix their car, while Francine gets in Chris' car. While Evan is fixing the car, he hears a sound from the woods and goes to investigate. After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker and gasps as she finds Evan's severed ear. As Francine stumbles back, a figure wraps barbed wire around her mouth, tearing it open. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go into the cabin and discover miscellaneous objects: barbed wire, car keys, odds and ends, and human body parts on the refrigerator and in the bathroom. They are horrified and try to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all whom are disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine's dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is butchered and partially eaten. As the cannibals fall asleep, the friends walk silently and reach the door. Chris holds the door open so Jessie, Carly and Scott can get out safely. As Chris keeps the door open, he checks the cannibals to make sure they are still sleeping. Unfortunately, "Saw-Tooth" (Gary Robbins) awakes and Chris runs. Jessie notices this, and she, Carly, and Scott run quickly with him. "Saw-Tooth" alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them. The group hides in a clearing with many cars, which they realize are the cars of the mutants' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg with a shotgun. Scott saves him by using himself as a decoy, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the cannibals' trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they try to find Scott. Carly sees Scott in the forest. As Scott starts to get in the truck, he is shot three times in the back with arrows. The arrow almost hits the others, and Chris forces Jessie to drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott's dead body and take it back to their cabin. Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot, but Carly stays and is still depressed from Scott's loss. Jessie and Chris comfort her and they continue to walk. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up, and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. They see the cannibals, who are armed with torches and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding their call, alerting the cannibals. The cannibals shoot and destroy the radio through the window. After the cannibals climb the ladder and get into the watchtower, they set it on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but "Three Finger" (Julian Richings) has already climbed up the tree before them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly rests. Chris and Jessie make it to the other tree, but unfortunately "Three Finger" sneaks up behind Carly and slices her head in half with an axe and her body falls through the trees, as Chris and Jessie watch in horror. They escape from the cannibals and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Jessie wakes up from a nightmare, as Chris comforts her. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is killed by an arrow in his eye from the woods. Chris jumps into the police truck and tries to drive away, but cannot find the keys. Chris hides and watches as the cannibal loads up the Sheriff's body into the truck and drives it back to the cabin. Chris hitches along by hanging onto the underside of their truck. When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a dog leash, crying. As she is about to get killed, Chris, driving the police truck, drives through the cabin and into "One-Eye". Chris unties Jessie, and Jessie shoots "Saw-Tooth" in the back with an arrow. She and Chris also fight "Three Finger", and finish him off by hitting him with an axe. Chris and Jessie notice that the cannibals are still alive, and they quickly go outside. Chris has only one shotgun shell left, which he shoots at the truck, blowing up the cabin with the cannibals still inside. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and destroys the map to the cannibals' cabin, so no one will ever go into the woods again. Chris gets back into the truck, as Jessie drives for the woods, and the credits roll. The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Unfortunately, "Three Finger", who survived from the explosion, comes up behind the deputy and kills him. The scene fades to black and insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll. 
 100 Girls (2000)321) Matt spends the night with a girl in an elevator during power outage in a girls' college dorm. He never sees her. Waking up in the morning, panties are all that's left of her. How does he find her in a building with 100 girls? This sexy, teen-comedy is about a freshman, Matthew, at college who meets his dream girl in a dorm elevator during a blackout. He never sees her face, but instantly falls in love. In the morning, the power is restored, but the "dream girl" has vanished. All Matthew knows is that she lives in an all-girls dorm. He sets out on a semester-long journey to find his mystery girl amongst a hundred female suspects. Could it be Wendy? Dora? Arlene? Patty? Cynthia? Or the 95 other girls, any of whom could have been in that elevator with Matthew. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After leaving a party at a women's dormitory (aka the "virgin vault"), Matthew (Jonathan Tucker) is trapped in an elevator with an unknown, and unseen, woman when the power goes out. Matthew and this unknown woman have sex in the dark. When Matthew wakes up in the morning still in the elevator he finds himself alone with a pair of her panties. On a mission to find his mystery maiden by finding a matching bra for the panties, Matthew becomes the maintenance boy of the virgin vault. He releases mice and goes room to room setting traps. He convinces the panicked women to leave the room and then starts to look for a match. This does not prove successful, and he continues to break things (such as the air conditioning) in an effort to find his woman. He also fixes the television set, which is greatly received by women he refers to as "Jane-ites," as they have a great interest in movies adapted from books by Jane Austen. He doesn't get much help from his roommate Rod (James DeBello), who keeps telling him to give up, and together they philosophize about men and women. Rod tells him that he doesn't need a girlfriend and that it's futile to try to find the "matching bra the panties," and Matthew accuses him of being too machismo. Rod introduces Matthew to his adopted idea of "penile power" that he uses to try to increase the size of his penis. We later find out that he does this, as well as the dissing of women entirely, as a ploy to try to make himself feel better about the problem he has with his manhood. Early on, he watches as a woman named Patty (Emmanuelle Chriqui) and her boyfriend Crick fight. Crick is the epitome of the macho man stereotype, with his big pectorals, conceited attitude, and abusiveness. He wears a pony-tail, a manicured goatee, "male make-up," and chews nicotine gum, much to Matthew's dismay. Matthew tries to save Patty, but is hurt by Crick. Crick leaves and Patty tries to help Matthew, but Matthew can't help but think of how Patty's reputation has been. While searching one room, Matthew finds himself trapped in the bathroom when the occupant returns. Matthew is attacked by Wendy (Larisa Oleynik), until she recognizes him as a high school classmate. Wendy decides to help Matthew in his quest to find his mystery maiden. Later we learn that she is also looking for a woman because she is a closet lesbian. Along his quest, we learn of his nervousness he has had to talk to girls. He gets scrutinized by Arlene (Katherine Heigl) and his teacher Ms. Stern (Aimee Graham) about how females are more dominant than males are. Arlene undermines him and beats him at fooseball and Ms. Stern preaches about how the female gender is more dominant and should be in command, rather than males. Rod even tells Matthew that he's a chicken and should just give up on girls, while Matthew tells him that he has never been able to speak to girls, especially Cynthia (Jaime Pressly). In addition to searching by hand, Matthew puts an advertisement in the school newspaper to meet him in the basement on a Thursday night. He ends up sitting in the dark every Thursday night just waiting for her to show up. The door opens one night and he thinks it's her, but it turns out it's just Wendy coming to check up on him. Then, one night, the mystery maiden shows up, only to tell him to stop looking for her. Despite the end of the semester approaching Matthew isn't detered and disguises himself in drag to keep searching. In drag, he is actually able to talk to Cynthia one-on-one which, otherwise (until she is injured later on) he is not able to do because of her looks. He also gets checked up by Rod, who claims to the regular Matthew that he had sex with Matthew's drag character, for which makes Matthew so mad he adds a higher weight onto Rod's "penile power," hurting him there. Crick makes a pass at Matthew in drag as well when he is fighting with Patty, and Matthew ends up biting part of his tongue off as a result, making Crick unable to speak. Desperation has set in, and so Matthew appeals to his mystery maiden by proclaiming his love for her to the whole dormitory. Afterwards he determines his mystery maiden is Patty the same one he's had sex with since the elevator incident. She initially rejects him because she thinks that he only sees her as some slut. Crick sees that Matthew wants Patty, but Matthew says that he'll have him arrested for sexually assaulting him. Not too much later on, Patty warms to Matthew after he tells of his undying love for her. In the end, Arlene and Wendy end up together, and Rod and Dora, intentionally put in the same situation as Matthew was in by Matthew himself, end up together as well. Cynthia shows off her newly found martial arts abilities, and Ms. Stern learns a valuable lesson on gender equality, as Matthew stands up to her in front of the class, to a unanimous ovation. 