nm0004986:

 True Crime (1999)44) Can an over-the-hill journalist uncover the evidence that can prove a death row inmate's innocence just hours before his execution? Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), Oakland Tribune journalist with a passion for women and alcohol, is given the coverage of the upcoming execution of murderer Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington). His attractive colleague Michelle Ziegler (Mary McCormack) died in a car accident the night before. Bob Findley (Denis Leary), Steve's boss and husband to Steve's current affair, wants him dead and gone as soon as possible. When Steve stumbles across the possibility of Frank Louis Beachum being innocently on death row, Bob feels his time to have come. Now Steve only has a few hours left to prove the innocence of Frank and to be right with this theory, as he definitely will be history if he's not. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Recovering alcoholic and womanizing reporter Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), who can't stay out of trouble with his bosses (mostly because he is sleeping with their wives), inherits a human interest story about a prisoner, Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington), who is sentenced to die at midnight for the murder of a pregnant woman who owed him ninety-six dollars. However, Steve immediately figures out that the key witness lied about what he saw, and believes the prisoner is innocent. He then sets out to prove his belief in the final twelve hours of Frank's life. Editor-in-Chief Alan Mann (James Woods) is the only man who still believes in Steve's talents. Editor Bob Findley (Denis Leary) wants him fired for his direct belligerence and the fact that he slept with Bob's wife, Patricia (Laila Robins). John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Reporter Steve Everett (Clint Eastwood), who is an alcoholic and a womanizer, is tasked with interviewing a man, Frank Louis Beachum (Isaiah Washington), who is about to be executed for killing a pregnant woman. After doing a little research and speaking to Frank, Steve is convinced that he is innocent. He tries to investigate, but because of his drinking and womanizing, he is not very credible, and he when he thinks that he's onto something, he hits a wall. Eventually, his personal and professional life are damaged, and the man who he believes is innocent is getting closer to his date with the needle. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jackie Brown (1997)651) A flight attendant with a criminal past gets nabbed by the FBI for smuggling. Under pressure to become an informant against the drug dealer she works for, she must find a way to secure her future without getting killed. The middle-aged stewardess Jackie Brown smuggles money from Mexico to Los Angeles for the arms dealer Ordell Robbie. When she gets caught by the agents Ray Nicolet and Mark Dargus with ten thousand dollars and cocaine in her purse, they propose a deal to her to help them to arrest Ordell in exchange of her freedom. Meanwhile Ordell asks the 56-year-old Max Cherry, who runs a bail bond business, to release Jackie Brown with the intention of eliminating her. Jackie suspects of Ordell's intention and plots a complicated confidence game with Max to steal half a million dollars from Ordell. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jackie Brown is a middle-aged airline stewardess who supplements her income by smuggling arms for crime kingpin Ordell Robbie. One day she is caught and the agents offer her a deal in order to apprehend Robbie. Robbie, however, is onto the threat and tries to have Brown eliminated. What follows is a dangerous game of bluff, deceit and betrayal. grantss Jackie Brown is the name of a flight attendant who gets caught smuggling her boss's gun money on the airline she works for. Luckily for her, Fed Ray Nicolet and L.A. cop Mark Dargus decide to team up in order to arrest the arms dealer she works for, whose name they don't even know. Here's when she has to choose one way: tell Nicolet and Dargus about Ordell Robbie (the arms dealer) and get her freedom-except that if Ordell suspects you're talking about him, you're dead-or keep her mouth shut and do some time. That's when she meets Max Cherry, her bail bondsman, a recently separated, burnt-out man in his late fifties, who falls in love with her. Then Jackie comes up with a plan to play the Feds off against Ordell and the guys he works with-Louis Gara and Melanie Ralston, among others-and walk off with their money. But she needs Max's help. No one is going to stand in the way of his million-dollar payoff. Hctor Barca <sandman@arrakis.es> Forty-four-year-old flight attendant Jackie Brown gets caught with gun dealer Ordell Robbie's money and to get the ATF off her back she sets up Ordell with her new friend, a bail bondsman named Max Cherry. But what the ATF doesn't know, is that they are part of her wild plan to get Ordell's half million dollars and get off scot-free. However, she has to do it under the noses of both Ordell, the ATF man and a local cop. What she doesn't know is Ordell's blonde beach bunny wants the money for herself as does Ordell's ex-con friend. Ryan Burgos Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles,1995. Jackie Brown (Pam Grier) is a flight attendant for a small Mexican airline called Cabalas Airlines which flies only from L.A. to Cabo San Lucas, the latest step down for her career. Despite the low pay, the job enables her to smuggle money from Mexico into the United States for Ordell Robbie (Samuel L. Jackson), a gun runner under the close watch of the ATF. Ordell learns that another of his workers, Beaumont Livingston (Chris Tucker), has been arrested. Fearing that Livingston will become an informant in order to avoid jail time, Ordell arranges for his $10,000 bail with bail bondsman Max Cherry (Robert Forster). That same evening, Ordell promptly leads Livingston to his death by tricking him into getting into the trunk of a stolen car where Ordell shoots him to death. Acting on information Livingston had indeed shared after his arrest, ATF agent Ray Nicolette (Michael Keaton) and LAPD detective Mark Dargus (Michael Bowen) intercept Jackie as she arrives in the United States with Ordell's cash and some cocaine that Brown was unaware was stashed along with the $30,000 cash. She initially refuses to cooperate with Nicolette and Dargus, so Jackie is sent to jail on possession of drugs with intent to sell. Sensing that Jackie may be just as likely to inform as Livingston had been, Ordell goes back to Max Cherry and sets out to arrange Jackie's bail so he can plot to kill her too once she is released. That evening, Max Cherry arrives at the jail to pick Jackie up and, only partly masking his physical attraction, offers to buy her a drink and help determine her legal options. Over drinks at a local bar, Jackie senses an attraction that Max has on her, but reminds him that she is not interested. After dropping her off at her apartment, Jackie steals Max's gun that he kept hidden in his glove compartment. Later that night, Ordell arrives at Jackie's apartment apparently intending to murder her. Jackie pulls out the gun she stole/borrowed from Cherry and she holds him at gunpoint. Jackie barters a deal with Ordell whereby she will pretend to help the authorities while still managing to smuggle $500,000 of Ordell's money out of Mexico, enough to allow him to retire and flee to some distant country and retire. To carry out this plan, Ordell employs a woman he lives with, "my little blond surfer girl"; a drug-addicted beach bunny named Melanie Ralston (Bridget Fonda), plus his friend, Louis Gara (Robert De Niro), a former cellmate whom has shacked up with him. Ordell also uses a nave Southern girl, Sheronda (Lisa Gay Hamilton) as his co-conspirator to give him an alibi for when the transaction will take place. The following day, Jackie meets with Agent Nicolette and Detective Dargus at LAPD headquarters to arrange a sting to catch Ordell. But Nicolette and Dargus are both unaware that Jackie and Ordell plan to double cross them by diverting the actual money before they can make an arrest. Unbeknownst to the others, Jackie plans to deceive them both with the help of Cherry in order to keep the $500,000 for herself. However, in another twist, Melanie tries to convince Louis to steal the $500,000 that Jackie will hand over to them and flee the country with the money for themselves. Though Louis agrees, he does not trust Melanie, suspecting she might take all the money for herself out of greed, while Melanie clearly suspects likewise about Louis. After a dry run, during which Nicolette observes the operation, the stage is set for the actual event. Told from three different viewpoints (a nod to 1950s film noir) the exchange takes place in a large shopping mall near Los Angeles (the Del Amo Fashion Center). Jackie's version: At the mall, Jackie enters the Billingsley department store where she buys a new suit and enters a dressing room. Her real intention is to swap bags there with Melanie and Louis, supposedly passing off the $500,000 under Nicolette's nose. Instead, she gives Melanie only $40,000 and leaves the rest behind in the dressing room for Max to pick up. Jackie then feigns despair as she leaves the department store and walks into the mall where she calls Nicolette and Dargus out from hiding and claims Melanie took all the money and ran. Louis and Melanie's version: Louis meets Melanie at Ordell's beachfront house while Ordell goes to a local bar-restaurant, called the Cockatoo Bar with Sheronda to have an alibi to his whereabouts for the day. Melanie annoys Louis from the start when they are late for the rendezvous because Louis finds Melanie wasting time getting high in the bathroom with smoking a basepipe. During the drive to the mall, the stoned Melanie annoys Louis more by playing loud rock music over the van radio. During the switch, Melanie enters the dressing room at Billingsley's with a brown bag of beach towels to make the switch while Louis waits outside, where he catches a glimpse of Max Cherry standing nearby. Melanie exits the dressing room with the other brown bag containing part of the cash. In the parking lot, Melanie gets on Louis' nerves more and more, which finally leads him to shoot and kill her while making their exit after she mouths off one too many times. Max Cherry's version: Max arrives at the mall alone and at the Billingsley's department store where he eyes Jackie from a distance and tries to hide when Louis and Melanie walk by to make the switch, but Louis catches a glimpse of him as they walk by. After Louis and Melanie leave the store, Jackie, pretending to be in despair, nervously pays for her new business suit and leaves the store. When Jackie leaves, Max approaches the sales clerk and claims that his wife left a bag in the dressing rooms for him, which Max picks up and quietly leaves the store. He drives to his office to stash the money before driving home. Across town, Louis then picks up Ordell from the Cockatoo Bar where he soon discovers that Louis has only $40,000 in the bag (Melanie having kept $10,000 for herself after being tricked into doing so by Jackie, which is apparently left on her dead person). Then Ordell realizes that it was Jackie who took his money, and in anger, a suspicious Ordell kills his friend Louis. He is also concerned about the involvement of Max Cherry, having been told by Louis that he spotted Max in the store before the pickup. At police headquarters, Agent Collette is angry with Jackie for what transpired during the pickup (Jackie apparently told him that the money that she was carrying was only $50,000, not the entire $500,000 from Ordell's secret account in Mexico). Nicolette tells Jackie about finding Melanie in the mall parking lot with $10,000 on her, and about finding Louis a short distance away in his van. Nicolette tells Jackie that she has only one more chance to cooperate with them to catch Ordell and find the rest of the money. That evening, Ordell goes to the Cockatoo Bar where Max is and pulls a gun on him and demands that he help him find Jackie who has his money. Lured back to Max's office, where Jackie is said to be frightened and waiting to hand over his money, Ordell arrives armed and dangerous. Jackie suddenly yells out that Ordell has a gun and he is shot by Nicolette, who was hidden in another room. Three days later. In the clear with the law and in possession of the $500,000, Jackie decides to leave town for a while, and she invites Max to run off with her. Max is tempted, clearly in love with her as they kiss, but he declines to go with Jackie for reasons that are left unclear. Note: There are a number of hints during the movie given by Cherry in his dialogue with Jackie about why he makes the choices he makes and does not act out of greed. Some include Max's wanting to get out of the bail bond business and find something else to do to being too old to start a new adventure in life ("I'm just tired in general...."), but his reasons for turning down an offer to run off with a woman he is obviously in love with remains intentionally ambiguous at the film's closing. 
 The Sum of All Fears (2002)541) CIA analyst Jack Ryan must stop the plans of a Neo-Nazi faction that threatens to induce a catastrophic conflict between the United States and Russia's President by detonating a nuclear weapon at a football game in Baltimore, Maryland. When the President of Russia suddenly dies, a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him. This change in political leaders sparks paranoia among American CIA officials, so CIA Director Bill Cabot (Morgan Freeman) recruits young analyst Jack Ryan (Ben Affleck) to supply insight and advice on the situation. Then the unthinkable happens: a nuclear bomb explodes in a US city, and America is quick to blame the Russians. Sujit R. Varma When the President of Russia dies, and his replaced by a man with a cryptic past, putting the United States on alert to rising Cold War fears. When the CIA suspects that renegade Russian scientists are attempting to develop more mobile nuclear weapons, East-West tensions overflow. CIA Director William Cabot (Morgan Freeman) sends his best agent, Jack Ryan (Ben Affleck) into action. What Ryan discovers is that terrorists are planning to provoke a war between the US and Russia, by detonating a nuclear bomb at a football game in Baltimore, Maryland. SindyMac The United States is very critical of the Russians' treatment of Chechneya, that are ready to step in, but the new Russian President, who they believe is a hardliner, tells them that this is none of their concern. However, CIA analyst Jack Ryan, who did research on the man, doesn't think he is. But when the Russians continue to attack Chechneya, and the Russian President claims responsibility when in reality he is not, the Americans are ready to go against him. But what they don't know is that there is a third party who is trying to push them into war, which may happen when they detonate a nuclear bomb in the US and people in the Russian Military are in league with this third party and helping him push the two countries to war. But Ryan knows something's going on and is trying to find out what it is before it's too late. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens during the 1973 Yom Kippur War. Egyptian and Syrian forces are on the verge of defeating Israel. As a last-ditch precautionary measure, a nuclear-armed A-4 Skyhawk is launched to ensure that Israeli ground forces are not completely overrun. The fighter jet is engaged by a Syrian surface-to-air missile battery and shot down. Among the widely scattered wreckage littering the barren desert below is an intact nuke, burrowed deep into the crater left by the crashing debris. Fast-forward 29 years to 2002. US President J. Robert Fowler (James Cromwell) and his national security team are at Mt. Weather, Virginia participating in a nuclear war drill. After the drill, the President dispatches CIA Director William Cabot (Morgan Freeman) on an inspection tour of Russian nuclear sites according to the terms of the START arms treaty. At CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, young analyst Jack Ryan (Ben Affleck) is part of a group watching current video of Russian President Zorkin and sarcastically commenting on his recent weight gain. Simultaneously, a shadowy Neo-Nazi group is meeting in Vienna. Their leader, Richard Dressler (Alan Bates) laments the impotence of modern Europe in the face of global dominance by the United States and Russia. On the Golan Heights, an Arab scrap metal dealer is excavating the Israeli plane crash site from 1973. He strikes a hard object a few feet below the ground and realizes it is some type of bomb. Thinking it valuable, he and his helper carefully finish uncovering the weapon and use a hoist to lift it onto their truck. The next morning, Jack Ryan is lazing in bed with girlfriend Dr. Cathy Muller (Bridget Moynihan) when he receives an emergency phone call summoning him to Langley. President Zorkin has dropped dead of an apparent heart attack and has been quickly succeeded by Alexander Nemerov (Ciaran Hinds). As Ryan hurriedly dresses, his girlfriend wonders aloud what would constitute an emergency for a "historian." Arriving at CIA headquarters, Ryan is collared by Director Cabot and hustled into a meeting. As part of his analyst job, Ryan had previously prepared an intelligence estimate on Nemerov. Cabot unexpectedly orders Ryan to accompany him on the trip to Russia. In the desert, an international arms dealer named Olson (Colm Feore) meets with the Arab scrap metal merchant and quickly recognizes the type of bomb he sees before him. He tells the Arab that the bomb is worthless, but offers to give him $400 for it since the man lost a son in the war. Once in possession of the weapon, Olson contacts Dressler and offers to sell him the bomb for $50 million. After a brief meeting in Moscow with Nemerov, Ryan and Talbot inspect a Russian nuclear site. Ryan shrewdly notices that three top nuclear scientists are absent from the facility. When questioned by Ryan, the Russian host gives a pat and unsatisfactory explanation. Cabot comments that if someone wanted to build a clandestine nuke, the missing scientists are the exact three they would need. Returning to Washington, Ryan is invited by Cabot to attend a black-tie gala at a posh hotel where President Fowler is speaking. Ryan and Cathy are thoroughly enjoying the evening until the President's speech is interrupted by aides who quickly whisk him away from the podium. A good percentage of the attendees also stand and exit. Ryan and Cabot hurry back to the White House situation room where they learn that Russian forces have shelled the breakaway province of Chechnya with chemical weapons, inflicting massive casualties. Those in the room debate the proper US response, eventually favoring some form of diplomatic recognition for the Chechens. Ryan speaks up and suggests that President Nemerov had nothing to do with the attack, that a separate hardline faction may have acted without his approval. Ryan's hypothesis falls flat with the others in attendance. After the meeting, Ryan finds a TV in another room and watches Nemerov give a conventional hardline speech justifying Russia's actions. After the speech, however, Nemerov boards an elevator in the Kremlin and angrily queries a senior advisor about the source of the chemical attack. He learns that hardline generals in the military acted on their own, just as Ryan had suggested. Nemerov issues orders to make the generals quietly disappear. In Vienna, Dressler's group meets to discuss their plan for the future of Europe. Dressler is seeking to provoke a nuclear confrontation between the United States and Russia. With the centers of capitalism and communism destroyed, fascism can arise once more in Europe. When one of the men expresses his doubts about the strategy, he is strangled to death. In the meantime, a CIA operative named John Clark (Liev Schreiber) has been dispatched to Russia to investigate the disappearance of the three nuclear scientists. He manages to pinpoint an abandoned Soviet military base in the Ukraine where the men might be working. Cabot sends Ryan to assist him and they manage to penetrate the compound, which shows no signs of current activity. Once inside, they discover that the entire nuclear team has been murdered. There is also clear evidence of nuclear weapons activity, but it looks as if the finished product has already been crated and shipped. Ryan asks a colleague at Langley to track down recent shipping activity from the area, and he reports that a large crate was indeed picked up and sent from Kiev to its final destination by air and sea. That destination was the port of Baltimore. At a dockside warehouse, one of Dressler's true believers uses a forklift to load the refrigerator-sized crate onto a pickup truck. The deadly cargo is delivered beneath Baltimore's NFL football stadium, where it is uncrated and revealed to be a cigarette vending machine with a small nuclear weapon concealed inside. President Fowler is scheduled to attend a game at the stadium later in the day. Ryan calls Cabot to warn him about the threat, not realizing that he is attending the football game with the President. Boarding a helicopter for Baltimore, Ryan keeps trying to get through and finally reaches Cabot. Cabot suddenly realizes with horror that the stadium is the likely target. The President is immediately hustled out and his motorcade speeds away from the stadium, but they are unable to outrun the shock wave from the exploding nuke. The Presidential motorcade is blasted off the highway as Ryan's helicopter is also knocked to the ground. Military rescue personnel retrieve the slightly-injured President from his limousine and put him aboard Air Force One. A stunned Ryan is able to escape from the wreckage of the helicopter. In the distance, he sees a mushroom cloud forming over Baltimore. He can only hope that Cathy is safe. As the President tries to sort things out aboard Air Force One and Nemerov tries to maintain a safe distance from the tragedy, a corrupt Russian Air Force general in the pay of Dressler tells a squadron of his Backfire bomber pilots that the US has attacked Moscow. He orders an attack on a US aircraft carrier in the North Sea. The Backfires launch a salvo of cruise missiles at the ship, destroying the conning tower and one of the elevators. President Fowler orders a retaliatory strike by F-16s against the Russian airbase from which the Backfires were launched. The US and Russia teeter on the edge of nuclear war, just as Dressler had hoped. Each escalation by one side is matched by the other. Convinced that Nemerov didn't order the attack, Ryan urgently requests a soil sample from the blast site. An analysis conclusively proves that the plutonium came from a US nuclear processing facility, not Russia. Ryan manages to locate the mortally injured William Cabot, who suggests that he enlist the help of John Clark in tracing the bomb's origin. Cabot then expires and Ryan, before leaving, takes a plastic bag holding Cabot's effects. Clark, in the Middle East, learns that the plutonium was provided to Israel in 1968. He tracks down the Arab scrap metal dealer, who is dying of radiation sickness. The man tells him that he sold the bomb to Olson, the arms dealer. A CIA hacker is able to penetrate Olson's computer and link him to Dressler. Racing against time as missile silos are opened and strategic bombers are launched, Ryan gets a policeman to drive him to the Pentagon. Using Bill Cabot's pass card, Ryan makes it into the National Military Command Center. He convinces an Air Force General to send a message directly to Nemerov, explaining Dressler's plot and begging him to stand down. Only thirty seconds before missile launch, Nemerov backs away from Armageddon. A few weeks later, as Presidents Fowler and Nemerov are signing a new arms reduction treaty, a series of actions around the world avenge the unforgivable plot that nearly led to WW III. In Damascus, John Clark enters Olson's apartment and slits the arms dealer's throat. In a snowy Russian forest, KGB assassins run the rogue Air Force general to ground and shoot him. And in Vienna, as a panicked Dressler tries to escape his fate, a bomb destroys his car in a fiery blast. 
 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 