nm0011677:

 The Trouble with Terkel (2004)321) Terkel is an average teenager whose life takes a turn for the worse when a girl who had a crush on him kills herself and an unknown maniac starts stalking him. The life of 6th grader Terkel changes drastically when he causes the suicide of a girl who has a crush on him when he call her a fat cow. Suddenly he not only has to deal with his annoying little sister, his one-word father (No!), his mother's bizarre rants and his alcoholic and violent uncle Stewart, now he also has to deal with death threats from a stalker and his best friend distancing himself. On the plus side his two bullies think he is awesome and there is a new cool teacher, and he can of course always ask his uncle Stewart for help - kind of. It all culminates in a school trip. Bo Pettermann Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Terkel, a teen who lives in a bad mood. Terkel is a ordinary teen who has a dad that can just say ''No''. His mom is rowling and smoking in her apartment. But Terkel's best friend is a little shy about what happen with his girlfriend who basically falls down by jumping out the window. Her name was Doris. Then Terkel gets a new teacher called Gunnar who will be instead of a guy called Arne. Then after he comes home from school his sister comes in his and asks if he wants to play ( reference to The Shining). But he says ''No'' and continues doing his long homework. But when he has a strange dream about nightmare he gets gore and blood in the wall. When Terkel is going on a school trip tells Gunnar a little story about a indian boy who is obsessed with german perverts. When they are gonna stay for the night Gunnar begins to kill Terkel and his friend. But it wasn't succeeded. Gunnar died in the end by getting by a wire that Terkel's friend has in his hand a lot. But when they are gone, Gunnar lives still. 
 Fristet (2011 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rembrandt (2003)Summaries Mick and Tom are an unlikely father-son team of petty thieves. They've been hired to steal a painting from a museum. By accident, they steal the wrong painting: Denmark's only original Rembrandt masterpiece, worth millions. Four small-time criminals led by the seasoned, but realistic Mick, unite in a plot to steal a painting from a museum for a businessman who has emotional ties to it. By accident they steal the wrong painting and find themselves with an original Rembrandt worth millions. They eye a getaway from their everyday worries and debts, but instead their problems are only multiplied. Peter Brandt Nielsen In Denmark, four small-time crooks - the petty thief Mick, who is married with the ex-porn star Trine; his loser and also thief son Tom; their addicted in gambling jinx friend Kenneth; and the cartoon collector Jimmy - plan the heist of a simple panting in the local museum to get a couple of bucks. However, they mistakenly steal the unique authentic Rembrandt of Denmark. Although having a valuable painting in their hands, they do not know how to make a good deal with the painting. But rather than resolving their personal lives, the painting and the money of their negotiation increase their problems. Meanwhile, the efficient detective that does not "follow the book" Bk is chasing the thieves without any lead. Clauido Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Normalerweize (20042011)Summaries Satirical show conceived and performed by Lrke Winther and Anna Neye Poulsen . This satirical sketch show is Anna Neye Poulsen and Lrke Winther 's take on contemporary political topics as well as societal issues. Accompanied by Martin Buch 's iconic "Snobben Fritz"-character, Anna and Lrke focus their spoofs on people who are full of themselves, but often lack a justification for their smugness. Throughout the series, several recurring sketches and actual mini-series appear; some of which are heavily influenced by Anna and Lrke's love-hate relationship with American soap operas (especially The Bold and the Beautiful (1987) ). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 