nm0005107:

 The Hunger Games (2012)541) Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death. In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided into 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss' young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart, Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. Suzanne Collins Set in a future North America known as "Panem", the Capitol selects a boy and a girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each of the twelve outlying districts to compete in the annual "Hunger Games", a televised fight-to-the-death. The film is centered around Katniss Everdeen - a 16-year-old girl from District 12, who volunteers for her 12-year-old sister, Prim, when Prim's name is chosen - and Katniss's fellow District 12 tribute, Peeta Mellark, with whom she has some rather dramatic history. Katniss is then rushed to the Capitol, where she undergoes intense training before being thrust into the arena to fight to become the victor of the seventy-fourth annual Hunger Games. fallgeek In order to control future rebellions by remembering the past rebellion, the Powers That Be of the dystopian society of Panem force two youngsters from each of the twelve districts to participate in The Hunger Games. The rules are very simple: the twenty-four players must kill each other and survive in the wilderness until only one remains. The games are broadcast through the Capital and the twelve districts to entertain and intimidate the population. In District 12, teenager Katniss Everdeen is a great hunter and archer. When her younger sister, Primrose Everdeen, is selected as one of the "tributes" of their district, Katniss volunteers to take her place in the games. Together with Peeta Mellark, they head by train to the Capital to be prepared for the brutal game. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Hunger Games begins on the day of the reaping in District 12. Katniss Everdeen, the story's 16-year-old narrator, sets out to meet her friend Gale so they can do some hunting and gathering before the reaping that afternoon. As Katniss makes her way from her home to the Meadow and, finally, to the woods, where people of the district are forbidden to go, we learn about Katniss' life in the impoverished part of her district, the Seam, and her family. She thinks about her sister Prim, who is 4 years younger, and her mother, both of whom have depended upon Katniss for survival ever since Katniss' father died in a mine explosion when she was 11. The reaping is a nerve-wracking time because it determines which boy and girl, ages 12 to 18, will serve as the district's tributes in the Hunger Games. Two tributes are drawn in each of the 12 districts, and those tributes are sent to an arena where they fight until only one tribute remains alive. The victor gets to return home, and the victor's district is showered with gifts - namely food. The Games, put on by the Capitol, are meant to punish the 12 districts of Panem as well as to remind them of the Dark Days and how the 13th district was obliterated for its uprising against the tyrannical and cruel Capitol. Against all odds, Prim's name is selected at the reaping. Katniss volunteers to take the place of her younger sister and becomes District 12's girl tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta Mellark, a boy Katniss' age and the son of the baker, is selected as the other tribute. She remembers Peeta and the kindness he demonstrated toward her when they were children, giving her a burnt piece of bread so that she wouldn't starve. Peeta's selection doesn't bode well for Katniss, who feels that she owes Peeta for saving her life when they were children, which is inconvenient considering she's now expected to kill him in the Hunger Games. Before she leaves, Katniss says goodbye to her mother and Prim; to Madge, the mayor's daughter who gives her the mockingjay pin, a recurring symbol in the novel; to Peeta's father the baker; and to Gale, for whom her feelings are already conflicted, wavering between friendship and love. Katniss and Peeta ride the train to the Capitol. On the train, Katniss experiences luxury like she's never known and gets to eat the richest, most decadent food. They both get to know Effie Trinket, their escort, and Haymitch Abernathy, their drunk mentor and the lone surviving Hunger Games winner from their district who, after seeing that Katniss and Peeta have some fight in them, promises he will sober up enough to help them survive the Games. After they arrive at the Training Center, Katniss and Peeta meet their stylists. Katniss is pleasantly surprised when she meets Cinna, a young man who dresses simply and wears very little makeup compared with the other stylists. In a strategy that has never been used before, Katniss and Peeta are presented as a pair during the opening ceremonies. They race through the Capitol in a chariot holding hands, their outfits blazing in fake flames, earning Katniss her nickname "girl on fire." Their entrance becomes the highlight of the opening ceremonies. After the ceremonies, the tributes begin their training. Haymitch coaches Katniss and Peeta together, per their request, and instructs them to keep their biggest strengths a secret from the other tributes. For Katniss, this means staying away from archery. After many years of hunting game in the woods, her prowess with the bow and arrow are unrivaled. The Gamemakers reward her skills, and her feistiness, with a score of 11 out of 12 during her private session with them. Peeta's biggest asset is his strength, so he stays away from weight lifting while he's around the other tributes. Haymitch tells them to remain together at all times, too. They are to appear inseparable, which, as the training goes on, becomes increasingly tiring for Katniss, who can't decide whether Peeta's kindness and compliments are genuine or simply a part of a scheme for winning the Games. 
 Precious (II) (2009)541) In New York City's Harlem circa 1987, an overweight, abused, illiterate teen who is pregnant with her second child is invited to enroll in an alternative school in hopes that her life can head in a new direction. In Harlem, 1987. Sixteen year old Claireece Jones - who goes by her middle name Precious - is illiterate and overweight. She is pregnant with her second child, both children fathered by her biological father, who has continually raped her since she was a child, but who she doesn't see otherwise. Her infant daughter, Mongo - such named since she has Down Syndrome - lives with Precious' grandmother. Precious lives with her mother Mary, who abuses Precious both physically and emotionally. Mary does nothing but smoke, watch television and collect welfare through fraud (as she doesn't ever look for a job) and believes that education does nothing for Precious, who she would rather also collect welfare if only to bring money into the household. To escape her life, Precious often daydreams of herself in glamorous situations. Because of her current pregnancy, Precious' principal transfers her into an alternative school. In dealing with the school's sympathetic teacher Miss Blu Rain, Precious begins to believe that she can have a future by learning how to read and write. Despite some devastating news from her mother following the birth of her child, Precious also begins to believe she can escape the grips of her abusive mother, who, up to this point, was Precious' only real support. Huggo In late 1980s, the illiterate, in her sweet sixteen, Claireece Jones, is a dangerously obese junior high student from Harlem whom people call her "Precious", even though no one seems to believe it. On the streets, she is bullied, called names, and pushed about. But at home, things are even worse. Already pregnant with her second child, the abused Precious is struggling to persevere by cocooning herself within the protective realm of delusion, where everyone is kind, everything is bright, and she is the star. Who knows, maybe somewhere in this world lies hidden the love and compassion all the hurt but Precious people strive to find. Nick Riganas In 1987, Claireece Precious Jones endures unimaginable hardships in her young life. Abused by her mother, raped by her father, she grows up poor, angry, illiterate, fat, unloved and generally unnoticed. So what better way to learn about her than through her own, halting dialect. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movies starts off with a picture of a red scarf hanging off a street lamp and then flying through the air. Harlem, 1987. Clarice Precious Jones (Gabourey Sildibe) is in a math class, daydreaming. She is wearing a red scarf. Much of the film is in first-person narration. She narrates, My name is Clarice Precious Jones. I want to be on the cover of a magazine. I wish I had a light-skinned boyfriend with good hair. But first I want to be in one of those BET videos, and we see a fantasy sequence of her dressed in a photo-shoot, accompanied with a light-skinned boyfriend (who will be in all her future movie sequences.) She also says I 'm gonna break through, someone is going to break through to me, ima be normal and sit in the front of the class. She has a crush on the math teacher Mr. Wicher (Bill Sage). She narrates that she likes math. The class is rowdy and when a student responds to Mr. Wicher with cuss word, Precious slaps that student and says to Mr. Wicher, I got your back. She narrates that she and Mr. Wicher will move away and live together in Westchester. A student comes in with a note saying that the principal wants to see Precious. In the principals office, the principal, Mrs. Lichtenstein asks if Precious is pregnant again and how could this happen. The principal lays out the facts for Precious: shes 16, pregnant again, and attends junior high. The principal wants to move Precious to an alternative school. The principal asks the mom to come to a meeting but when Precious protests, Mrs. Lichtenstein says that she can visit her mom. Precious is at home washing dishes when her mom, Mary, (MoNique) who is unemployed and watches $10,000 Pyramid all day, asks Precious if she is going to start cooking. Mary then throws a heavy pan at Precious and knocks her out. Cut to a flashback of Precious's father raping her. Then we enter Precious's fantasy world where she goes to feel safe when she is overwhelmed by the horror around her. In this fantasy sequence she is attending a movie premiere, dressed in red, when it starts to rain. The rain is actually her mother, Mary (MoNique), throwing water on Precious's face to rouse Precious from the floor. Precious is cooking dinner when the doorbell buzzes (they live in a typical run-down New York tenement building- although it is not typical for apartments to have two floors). It is Mrs. Lichtenstein, who wants to talk to mom. Precious tells her off, but Mrs. Lichtenstein stays on the intercom to tell Precious about the alternative school, Each One, Teach One. After the principal leaves, Mary becomes extremely upset and verbally abuses Precious, blaming her for bringing the white b*tch to her house, in that having any visitors snooping around might jeopardize the welfare check payment. (Mary is scamming the system). Mary continues: she blames Precious for stealing her man, saying that school is of no use for Precious, that Precious is fat and undesirable, and that she should have aborted Precious. Mary then rushes to beat Precious. At night Precious looks at a photo album to console herself. The photos talk to her (more fantasy). In the morning, before Precious leaves the house, she adjusts herself in the mirror but sees herself in the reflection as a white blond girl. (For you psychology buffs out there- it seems that Precious may suffer from a dissociative disorder- which would not be surprising given the level of abuse she has endured). Precious goes to Each One, Teach One, where the receptionist, who Precious refers to as Cornrows (Sherri Shepard), gives her a placement test. It is clear that Precious is illiterate by the way she takes the test and narrates that tests paint pictures of me with no brain. On her way back, a group of thugs sexually harass her and then one pushes her down when she doesn't respond. Cut to a fantasy sequence of her dancing in an Apollo-like stage and her boyfriend licking her ear, but it is really a dog licking her ear while she is down on the ground. She returns to her building and runs into a little girl, Ruby, who pesters her. It is another day and Precious needs money for food before leaving house. But mom is too busy in bed, pleasuring herself, but asks Precious to come up and take care of her. She says, I wish she would stop that shit - meaning the sexual abuse. Afterward Precious goes to a fried-chicken shop and orders a bucket of chicken, but runs off with it without paying. She eats the whole bucket on the way to school and then throws up (perhaps showing a habit of binge-eating or maybe it is because she is pregnant). At the alternative school, the teacher, Ms. Blue Rain (Paula Patton), calls Precious to class and tells the class the purpose of the school is to prepare them for the GED. We are introduced to five other students. She asks each student to write and say their name, favorite color, talent, and why they are in the alternative class. The students say their items, but when its Precious's turn she asks to be skipped. Ms. Rains goes on teaching but Precious speaks up. Precious is scared, says that she is not good at anything, to which Mrs. Rain replies that everyone is good at something. Precious says that her favorite color is yellow and that she can cook and that she has never really talked in class before. Ms. Rain asks her how that makes her feel, and she replies it makes me feel here. (no need for fantasy/dissociation) Ms. Rain gives the class a journal and tells them to write anything they are feeling. Precious narrates that she has gotten As in English without having to do anything. It is another day in the alternative classroom and Ms. Rain calls some students up to write the alphabets. Precious volunteers to write the letter f but after that a student says, F for fat, (Precious is around 300 pounds), which results in a fight. Precious stays after class because of the fight, and Ms. Rain asks Precious to read a page of children's book. Precious struggles to put together the word day, cut to flashback of Mary calling Precious a dumb b*itch. Precious returns home to find her mom pissed off because Precious went to the alternative school, and missed the regular school, which would cut into the welfare checks. Mary berates Precious, saying that She cant learn sh*t, that Precious should better get her ass to welfare to start getting welfare. Mary demands that Precious cook for her. Precious cooks a seemingly good meal of pigs feet and accompaniments but Mary explodes when she doesn't see collard greens as a dish, saying who can eat pigs feet without collard greens. Mary forces Precious to eat the meal, explaining that since Precious f*cked up the meal, she has to eat it, even though Precious isn't hungry. Precious eats the food in front of mom and breaks into a fantasy of being in an old Italian movie with Sophia Loren in it (since that is what Mary was watching at the time). Precious is at the welfare office (a regular check-in is required) talking to a social worker Mrs. Weiss (an almost unrecognizable Mariah Carey without makeup). Mrs. Weiss asks Precious about her home life, and about the firstborn, who Precious named Mongo (short for Mongoloid, because the baby has Down syndrome). Flashback to grandma handing the baby to Mary (grandma has been taking care of the baby), Mary putting on a wig to soften her appearance and changing to a soft tone, and conning the social worker who came to check up on them. (Mary claims that she loves and takes care of her grandchild, and is also diligently looking for a job. After the social worker left, Mary says, Get that MotherF#$%er off me (talking about the baby). Cut back to Precious talking to Ms. Weiss. Precious slips that her gave her this baby and the one before. Mrs. Weiss presses Precious, who at first tries to spin it away, but then relents to tell the truth: that she delivered the first baby on the kitchen floor while her mother was kicking her in the head. Precious is relieved that she doesn't have to lie anymore, but knows that her mother is going to be furious- because her telling the truth is going to stop the checks from coming. The alternative school is having a good effect on Precious. On a class trip to the museum, Precious realizes that she wants to teach her babies, and that she will keep the undelivered baby. In class, the students are reading their journal entries about fairy-tales. Precious goes to the front of class to read, but she goes into labor. She is rushed to the hospital. After delivering the newborn (named Abdul Jamal Jones), the students visit Precious. The students kid with Precious's male nurse, John McFadden (Lenny Kravitz), making fun that he is a male nurse. John tells the students how McDonald's is bad and fattening while eating his fruit cups. He leaves with a kiss to Precious's forehead. Precious corresponds with Ms. Rain using the journal which a student ferries back and forth. Ms. Rain asks Precious if she plans to keep the baby. Precious writes yes, and Ms. Rains tells Precious that her responsibility is to take care of herself, and that her learning to read and write is everything. It is around Christmas, and John gives Precious a card with a twenty-dollar bill in it when Precious is discharged. She brings Abdul home and runs into the little girl (Ruby) who pesters her. Mary is not happy she asks where Precious has been but also asks to hold the baby. Cooing at first, she throws the baby down and throws a glass at Precious. Precious has ruined her life, she claims, when Precious revealed the truth and welfare cut off the checks. She also asks Precious, does she think she is better because the father gave her instead of Mary a baby. Precious grabs the baby and runs out of the apartment, falling down the flight of stairs and avoiding a TV dropped down by Mary, but protecting the baby. Precious is upset and as she leaves she runs into Ruby, the little girl who continues to pester. She responds by slamming her into a wall as she tries to get by her and leave. Precious walks out in the streets, where it is snowing. She sees a church and looks into the window and sees a church choir practicing, which leads to a fantasy sequence of her in a gospel choir. The next day, Ms. Rain and Cornrows arrived at the school building but sees that it has been broken into. Ms. Rains finds the baby Abdul with Precious, who feels sorry that Ms. Rain is now pressed into the role of a social worker. While Ms. Rains is working the phones to find a place for Precious to stay, one of the students is teaching the class (funny scene). She finally finds a halfway house for Precious and Abdul, but Precious first spends overnight with Ms. Rain. Precious meets Ms. Rains live-in female partner. (Precious: Oh my God, shes a straight-up lesbian!) They are both warm toward Precious, even giving her a Christmas present. This scene is significant because its the first time she's treated like an adult, and engaging in an "adult conversation" with Ms. Rain and her partner. Even though the two of them are more intellectual and use big words and analogies in their conversation, they kindly respond when Precious brings up McDonalds or Oprah. Ms. Rain's partner is trying to write a book. Ms. Rain mentions that Precious writes everyday, and Precious says she writes about her life and Abdul. At the halfway house, Precious grows. She says that its a halfway house because it is halfway between the old and new life. There, she gets stipends and received an award for literacy (maybe most improved?). There is a party for her where John is invited. John finds Ms. Rains attractive but Precious takes John to introduce her to Cornrow. Cornrow is on the phone arguing with her boyfriend but hangs up when she sees John. (A lot of scenes earlier show Cornrow arguing on phone with her boyfriend). One day Precious gets an unexpected visitor. Its Mary, bearing news that Precious's father has died of AIDS. Precious asks if Mary is HIV positive but Mary says no since they never had anal sex. Precious urges Mary to get tested, then leaves the building. In class, everyone is writing in the journals except for Precious. Ms. Rains presses Precious who tearfully reveals that shes HIV positive (but not Abdul -- an earlier scene shows her going to a clinic) from her father raping her. Ms. Rain, in tears, urges Precious to write for all those who love her. Precious declares that nobody loves her. Ms. Rains says, but people do love you. Precious responds, "don't lie to me, love aint ever done anything for me, it beats me down." But Ms. Rains responds, "The babies love you, I love you." Cut to welfare office, where Precious is kidding with Mrs. Weiss, at one point asking her what race she is (inside joke for Mariah Carey?). In this scene Precious reports that she see's vampires in her room at night who leave through the floor to go to the people down stairs. (not sure if she is actually hallucinating- or just pulling Ms. Weiss's leg) Mrs. Weiss reveals that Mary wants to be reunited with Precious. Cut to the class where Ms. Rains asks what each students dreams are. Precious says that she wants to work and take care of the babies, and reveals that she knows that the welfare center will set up work for her. (She had swiped her file from the welfare center in the earlier scene.) At the welfare center, Precious is sitting and waiting next to the little girl who had pestered Precious and is now sporting a black eye (she obviously is abused at home too). Precious takes out her red scarf from her purse and wraps it around Ruby, making her smile. Precious meets Mary and Mrs. Weiss in a cubicle. Mrs. Weiss wants to know about the abuses. At first Mary displays mock outrage saying that Precious knows better than to have drugs in the house, but Mrs. Weiss says, not that kind of abuse, the physical and sexual abuse. Tearfully Mary lets out that when she was making love with her boyfriend Carl (Preciouss father), Precious (aged 3) was asleep next to them, and the boyfriend would molest and have sex with Precious. Mrs. Weiss asks, how she can let the boyfriend continue to molest and have sex with the three year old. Mary says that how else would she get Carl to love her, to keep Carl from leaving. Marys crying that she feels alone and that Precious stole the Carl's love for Mary and that's why she is hateful toward Precious. She stops crying briefly, while Ms. Weiss sits there looking horrified and Precious sits calmly, her face unreadable. Mary says she was told Precious was writing poems, doing well, then brings in Mongo and says she wants them to be a family. But Precious says no. She explains that on a recent test, she has progressed from a reading score of 2.8 to 7.8, meaning she is reading at near eighth-grade level, that she'll go on to high school and then college. Precious takes baby Mongo and leaves, saying that Ms. Weiss cant "handle me, and you can't handle this". She says that Mary "cant have my baby", and is "not gonna see me no more". Mary pleads with Ms. Weiss to get Precious to come back to her. If there was any doubt before, this scene really shows how mentally ill Mary is. Ms. Weiss responds with understandable horror. The last scene is of Precious walking down the street, carrying Abdul and holding Mongo's hands, showing strength and a possible good beginning for her own little family inspite of her struggles. 
 Lee Daniels' The Butler (I) (2013)541) As Cecil Gaines serves eight presidents during his tenure as a butler at the White House, the civil rights movement, Vietnam, and other major events affect this man's life, family, and American society. Cecil Gaines was a sharecropper's son who grew up in the 1920s as a domestic servant for the white family who casually destroyed his. Eventually striking out on his own, Cecil becomes a hotel valet of such efficiency and discreteness in the 1950s that he becomes a butler in the White House itself. There, Cecil would serve numerous US Presidents over the decades as a passive witness of history with the American Civil Rights Movement gaining momentum even as his family has troubles of its own. As his wife, Gloria, struggles with her addictions and his defiant eldest son, Louis, strives for a just world, Cecil must decide whether he should take action in his own way. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Cecil Gaines, a black man married to Gloria Gaines, is determined that neither of his two sons, Louis and Charlie, will ever have to know what it's like to be the offspring of a cotton picker like he is, he having witnessed slave-like abuses afflicted on both his parents by their white land owner employers when he was a child. Despite the less than happy circumstances which led him and to which he had to endure on this path, Cecil, as an adult, has worked in commercial wait situations to the white man, largely in upscale establishments, he learning that he has to be two faced in his approach to work, often supporting racist statements made or untruthfully answering racially charged questions by employers or customers while being accommodating but somewhat invisible as a human being. In 1957, he is offered - much to his shock - and accepts a position as an under butler at the White House among the black domestic staff, after a White House administration staffer sees and is impressed with his demeanor and work at the Excelsior Hotel in Washington DC. This appointment begins an approximate thirty year employment at the White House, one that is not always smooth for Cecil either on a professional or personal level. On the professional side, the White House is sometimes just a microcosm of what is happening in the world, his employment setting where he has to be even more careful in what he says or does. On a personal level, he is often at odds with his family. Louis decides to head to the front lines of civil rights activism, often placing himself either in personal danger or in situations still considered criminal. And Gloria may not see Cecil's time at the White House as worth the neglect it causes for their home life. Huggo In 2009, an elderly Cecil Gaines recounts his life story while waiting at the White House to meet the newly inaugurated president. In 1926, at the age of seven, Gaines is raised on a cotton plantation in Macon, Georgia. When the farm's owner rapes Cecil's mother, Cecil's father confronts him and is killed. Cecil is taken in by the estate's caretaker, who trains Cecil as a house servant. In 1937, at age eighteen, Cecil leaves the plantation. Desperately hungry, he breaks into a hotel pastry shop. The elderly master servant, Maynard, takes pity on Cecil and gives him a job. Cecil learns advanced serving and interpersonal skills from Maynard, who later recommends Cecil for a position in a Washington, D.C. hotel. While working there, Cecil meets and marries Gloria, and the couple has two sons: Louis and Charlie. In 1957, Cecil is hired by the White House during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration. White House martyr d'hotel Freddie Fallows introduces Cecil to head butler Carter Wilson and co-worker James Holloway. Cecil witnesses Eisenhower's reluctance to use troops to enforce school desegregation, then his resolve to uphold the law by racially integrating Little Rock Central High School in Arkansas.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film tells the story of Cecil Gaines ( Forest Whitaker ), a White House butler who served eight American presidents over three decades. The film traces the dramatic changes that swept American society during this time, from the civil rights movement to Vietnam and beyond, and how those changes affected this man's life and family. 
 The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013)541) Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem. Twelve months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and her partner Peeta Mellark must go on what is known as the Victor's Tour, wherein they visit all the districts, but before leaving, Katniss is visited by President Snow who fears that Katniss defied him a year ago during the games when she chose to die with Peeta. With both Katniss and Peeta declared the winners, it is fueling a possible uprising. He tells Katniss that while on tour she better try to make sure that she puts out the flames or else everyone she cares about will be in danger. rcs0411@yahoo.com Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented co-victory in the 74th Hunger Games stirs an uprising. President Snow visits Katniss to threaten the lives of everyone she knows and holds dear if she doesn't do all she can to toe the line and quell the unrest. As her best efforts fail, Plutarch Heavensbee (a former games-master, now returned) meets with Snow to implement a Quarter Quell, by which to gather all former Hunger Game victors and have them eliminate each other. Katniss and Peeta end up in the Quarter Quell but must form alliances in order to survive; however, those with whom Katniss prefers to ally herself seem to be for emotional rather than tactical reasons. statmanjeff After defying the Capitol on national television, Katniss has to attempt to control an uprising stirring in the districts. When President Snow puts her family and friends in jeopardy Katniss knows she has no choice but to follow Snow's orders. Then he turns Katniss and Peeta's world upside by throwing them back into the arena with other winning tributes and there will only be one winner. Katniss plans to sacrifice her own life to save Peeta's. molly-field Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Six months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have resumed their life in the coal mining town in District 12. As part of their victory, they now have a luxurious house in the so-called Victor's Village, where Katniss lives with her mother and sister. On the day Katniss and Peeta are set to begin a victory tour of the country, President Coriolanus Snow visits her. He explains that her approach to ending the last Hunger Games, where she and Peeta attempted a suicide pact after learning they could not both survive, inspired rebellions in the districts. He orders that Katniss not only convince the entire country of her and Peeta's love as the reason for their actions, but convince Snow himself as well; if not, her loved ones will be killed, and District 12 will be destroyed, just as District 13 was during the uprising years ago. The first stop of the tour is in District 11, former home of Rue, Katniss' 12-year-old ally who was killed in the previous games. After Katniss and Peeta voice their personal thoughts regarding both the districts' fallen tributes, a man in the crowd whistles the tune Katniss and Rue shared to ensure each another of their safety, and makes the three-finger salute of District 12. Everyone follows the man's example until a Peacekeeper shoots the man dead, leaving Katniss angry, afraid, and upset. Their mentor, Haymitch Abernathy, informs Katniss and Peeta that they must display their relationship for the remainder of their lives. Katniss proposes a public engagement between herself and Peeta, which is carried out and celebrated at Snow's home in the Capitol. There, Katniss meets with the new Game-maker, Plutarch Heavensbee, who has specifically requested the position, in spite of his predecessor, Seneca Crane, ending up dead due to his inability to control the ending of the previous Hunger Games. Upon returning to District 12, Katniss warns her close friend, Gale Hawthorne, of President Snow's threat to kill both their families. In the meanwhile, Heavensbee assists President Snow in his efforts to quell the uprising in the District. His strategy is to taint Katniss' public image, in an attempt to destroy her as symbol for the uprising. To that end, Peacekeepers crack down in District 12, causing Gale to be publicly whipped after attacking newly placed Head Peacekeeper Romulus Thread. However, Katniss and Haymitch intervene, making them even stronger advocates for rebellion. That evening, Snow devises a different strategy; if Katniss refuses to play by his rules, he will get rid of her by other means. He announces Panem's third Quarter Quell, a version of the Hunger Games every 25 years that contains a special provision: all tributes are selected from the existing pool of victors. Since Katniss is the only surviving female victor of District 12, this means she is a tribute by default. She immediately devotes herself to ensuring Peeta becomes the Quarter Quell's victor, should he compete in the games. At the reaping, Katniss and Haymitch are reaped by chaperon Effie Trinket. However, Peeta volunteers to take Haymitch's place and is sent directly to the train with Katniss, without a chance to say goodbye to their loved ones. This also cancels their wedding, which was supposed to take place the next day. Katniss and Peeta are taken to the capital city, ride the parade again and are forced into training. They meet their fellow victors from the other Districts. The two of them are immediately wanted as allies by the majority of the tributes, although some of them are old, weak or ill-suited for the physical match. Still, she finds that some of them, while lacking in brute strength, may have valuable surviving skills. During their individual evaluations, Peeta creates a drawing of a deceased Rue covered in flowers on the floor; an emotion-stricken Katniss creates a puppet in the likeness of Seneca Crane, and suspends it by its neck on the ceiling, as a a warning to a stunned Heavensbee. During the personal interviews with Caesar Flickerman, Katniss wears a wedding dress (as ordered to by President Snow). As a special effect, her designer Cinna has designed it to turn into a costume resembling a Mockingjay, which has become a symbol of silent protest against the Capitol. When it is time for Peeta's interview, he reveals (falsely) that Katniss is pregnant, which incites an overwhelming reaction from the public to cancel the game; however, President Snow orders that the game proceed anyway. Before entering the arena, as the pedestal rises, Katniss witnesses Thread and his men entering the room and beating Cinna to death, in punishment over his controversial dress design for Katniss. Katniss is devastated, but unable to stop them. She ends up in the arena, which is a tropical forrest with a central salt water lake, with an island in the middle containing the Cornucopia. The games start in the usual chaotic way, with most tributes going for weapons at the Cornucopia, resulting in a lot of initial deaths. Katniss and Peeta manage to survive the first wave of killings, and hide inside the forrest. Snow hopes that Katniss will kill and betray as many other tributes as possible to stay alive, and thereby make herself unpopular. However, as the games get underway, Katniss and Peeta ally with Finnick Odair and Mags, both from District 4. They find that the arena is a dome protected by electrical orcefields; Peeta nearly dies after hitting the field, but is resussitated by Finnick. Later that night, they are attacked by a chemical weapon made up of a fog of painful poisonous gas. Mags sacrifices herself early on, allowing the others to escape. The remaining trio rests in the middle of the forest where they are attacked by mandrills. During the attack the woman from District 6, a camouflage expert and drug addict, sacrifices her life for Peeta. After they escape the mandrills and rest at the beach, they are met by District 3's intelligent tributes, Wiress and Beetee, and District 7's female tribute, the cunning Johanna Mason. Johanna tells about how her group was surprised by a rain of blood, causing them to become blinded, and one tribute getting killed by an electric forcefield. The group subsequently witnesses a large flooding, killing an unknown tribute in one section on the other side of the jungle. Wiress discovers that the arena is designed like a clock and every hour a specific attack occurs in its designated section. The other group of tributes then launches a suprise attack, causing several deaths in both teams, including Wiress. Heavensbee causes the Cornucopia island to start spinning violently. The spinning causes the team to break apart. Finnick and Katniss make it to the jungle, to be subsequently lured into the woods by screams from their respective girlfriend and sister; however, it appears that they are fooled by jabberjays, genetically engineered birds that mimic the sounds of human voices. They re-group with the others. Beetee suggests a plan to electrocute the two remaining tributes outside the alliance, District 2's Brutus and Enobaria, by connecting a wire to a tree that is struck by lightning at noon and midnight each day. Beetee secures the wire to the tree, and Katniss and Johanna are required to take the other end back to the beach. The plan fails when the wire snaps, cut by Brutus and Enobaria, who are ready to kill Katniss. However, Johanna suddenly attacks Katniss, but cuts the tracker out of her arm and smears blood on her neck. With Katniss appearing dead, Johanna lures the other tributes away. After recovering enough to track down Peeta, Katniss finds the rest missing and Beetee unconscious. Finnick approaches and Katniss draws her bow, no longer knowing who she can trust, but hesitates to shoot. The storm clouds swirl and the lightning bolt starts to form. She quickly attaches the remaining wire to an arrow and shoots it at the force field during the lightning strike. This causes a massive blackout in the dome, and the arena to shut down. President Snow enters the game room demanding answers, only to find that the game is off the air and Heavensbee is gone. Due to the impact of the electric blast, Katniss is near unconsciousness, but witnesses the arena dome starting to crumble. In her last waking moment, she notices an aircraft entering and picking her up. She awakens in an aircraft with an unconscious Beetee. Upon entering the cockpit she finds Haymitch, Finnick and Plutarch Heavensbee, who reveals himself as an ally and a turncoat-rebel against Snow. Learning she is on her way to District 13, and Johanna and Peeta were taken away by the Capitol, she attempts to attack Haymitch for not fulfilling his promise of returning Peeta home safely. Plutarch sedates her and she awakens days later with Gale by her side, who informs that her family is safe but District 12 has been destroyed by a government airstrike. 