nm0000696:

 The Secret of NIMH (1982)541) To save her ill son, a field mouse must seek the aid of a colony of rats, with whom she has a deeper link than she ever suspected. Mrs. Brisby, a widowed mouse, lives in a cinder block with her children on the Fitzgibbon farm. She is preparing to move her family out of the field they live in as plowing time approaches, however her son Timothy has fallen ill, and moving him could prove fatal. Mrs. Brisby visits The Great Owl, a wise creature who advises her to visit a mysterious group of rats who live beneath a rose bush on the farm. Upon visiting the rats, Brisby meets Nicodemus, the wise and mystical leader of the rats, and Justin, a friendly rat who immediately becomes attached to Mrs. Brisby. While there, she learns that her late husband, Mr. Jonathon Brisby, along with the rats, was a part of a series of experiments at a place known only as N.I.M.H. (revealed earlier in the story as the National Institute of Mental Health). The experiments performed on the mice and rats there boosted their intelligence, allowing them to read without being taught and to understand things such as complex mechanics and electricity. The rats and Mr. Brisby escaped from N.I.M.H. and came to live on the Fitzgibbon farm. The rats created a home for themselves under Mrs. Fitzgibbon's rose bush, creating an elaborate habitation of beautiful chambers, elevators, and Christmas lights. However, the rats are unhappy in their dependence on the humans, who they are stealing electricity from, and have concocted a plan to leave the farm and live independently. Because of her husband's prior relationship with the rats, they agree to help Mrs. Brisby move her home out of the path of the plow. However, the evil Jenner and his unwilling accomplice Sullivan, who wish to remain beneath the rose bush, yet plot to kill Nicodemus during the move. MIss Victoria It seems to Mrs. Brisby, the widowed head of a family of field mice, that her youngest son must die, either by the farmer's spring plough or of pneumonia in his flight to safety. In her quest for a cure she frees a young crow from some string in which he has foolishly tied himself, at the mercy of the farmer's cat Dragon. In return for her risking her life to save his, he takes her to the creature all birds know is the wisest: a great owl. Owls eat mice, but when this owl learns Mrs. Brisby's name he sets her on a path to earning a noble solution to her predicament - which is the secret of NIMH... Anonymous A fieldmouse named Mrs. Brisby must move her family to a safe location before the farmer plows the field where they live, but her invalid son Timmy cannot go outside due to his pneumonia. She enlists the aid of some highly intelligent, escaped lab rats that have built a subterranean society inside a rose bush near the farmer's garden. The rats, led by the wise Nicodemus, decide to help her physically move her house to repay a debt of gratitude to her late husband, who made possible the rats' escape from the laboratory. But things become complicated when some of the rats decide to use the situation to kill Nicodemus and make it appear to be accidental. Gibborino Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mrs. Brisby (Frisby in the original book) is a very shy, timid, and lonely mouse widow whose family is threatened by a premature warm spell, prompting the farmer to start his mowing early, endangering the cinder block she and her family call home. Normally she would simply pack up their things and move to a new spot in the field, but her younger son Timothy is too ill to be moved, forcing her to seek another alternative before it's too late. With the push of her local confidante, the Shrew, and the aid of a clumsy, love lorn crow named Jeremy, she goes to see the Great Owl, who, upon learning that she is the widow of a mouse named Jonathan Brisby, advises her to seek the aid of the mysterious rats who live in the rosebush outside the farmer's house. There, Mrs. Brisby learns of her deceased husband's past, and the secret of these rats, the Rats of NIMH, who agree to move her home before they abandon their underground colony for Thorn Valley, but Mrs. Brisby herself is endangered by the evil machinations of Jenner, a power hungry rat who seeks to overthrow the rats' leader Nicodemus so as to keep the rats in their underground colony, and will go so far as to endanger Mrs. Brisby's children to achieve his goals. Only Justin, the rats' gallant, Errol Flynn like captain of the guard, stands between Jenner and Mrs. Brisby, who must call upon the same courage her husband had if she is to save her family. ===================================================== Mrs Brisby is a widowed mouse who lives on a farm owned by a man named Fitzgibbons. She and her 4 children, Martin, Theresa, Cynthia and Timmy live in a cinderblock in one of Fitzgibbons' fields. Every year, before Fitzgibbons plows the field to plant his crops, the family moves to their summer home to avoid the tractor. Nearby is another mouse, Dr Ages, who is the family doctor. Brisby visits Ages to get a remedy for Timmy, who has come down with pneumonia, potentially delaying the summer move. Fitzgibbons decides one day to begin plowing the field early. Brisby desperately tries to disable the farmer's tractor and freezes while climbing up the mechanism. Auntie Shrew intervenes and pulls out the tractor's gas line, halting the machine. While Mrs Brisby sobs over her predicament, Auntie tells her to be braver for her family's sake and suggests she visit the Great Owl, the wisest creature in the forest. Brisby is hesitant, since owls eat mice, but she goes. With the help of a new found friend, Jeremy, a crow hoping to meet Miss Right, and whom Mrs Brisby untangled from a pile of string he was trapped in, she meets with the fearsome owl, who merely tells her that she must move her family. Mrs Brisby explains the complication with her son Timmy and the owl tells her he has no solution. As he leaves, he learns her last name and becomes more helpful because her husband, Jonathan, was well known and respected throughout the woods. The Owl tells Mrs Brisby to go to the colony of rats that live in the farmer's rose bush and ask them for help. He specifically tells her to have the rats move her house to "the lee of the stone", the protected side of a large rock in the field that Fitzgibbons avoids when plowing. Mrs Brisby sneaks into the rose bush and finds that the rats have built a very modern colony that makes use of electricity that they pilfer from Fitzgibbons. She also meets Dr Ages there, whom at first tells her the rose bush is off-limits but is astonished that she had met with the Great Owl and lived. They are discovered by the rats' captain of the guard, Justin, who takes them to the rats' Senate room. As they enter, a charismatic rat, Jenner, is railing to the council about the plan of the rats' leader, Nicodemus, who wants to abandon the rose bush and move to a location called Thorn Valley where they'll found a new colony based on their own labors, rather than stealing supplies from the farmer. Jenner is opposed to the idea and even suggest that they wage war against any humans who attempt to drive them out. Justin and Ages make Mrs Brisby's case to the council, who agree to the request because she is Jonathan Brisby's wife. In a sinister private meeting with his associate, Sullivan, Jenner plots to have Nicodemus killed during the operation and make it look accidental. Justin takes Mrs Brisby to meet with Nicodemus. A very old, kind and wise leader, he tells Mrs Brisby the rats' history: they were all lab animals imprisoned in NIMH, the National Institutes of Mental Health. Injected with experimental compounds, the rats developed intelligent brains and were able to escape their cages, along with several mice. During their escape, all but two of the mice, Jonathan and Mr Ages, were sucked into the ventilation system by strong air gusts. When the party were trapped by a vent grating, Jonathan was small enough to crawl through and open the grate. The rats subsequently owed Jonathan their lives and he continued to work with them while they built their colony. Some months prior to Mrs Brisby's visit to the rose bush, Jonathan had been killed by Fitzgibbons' ornery and fearsome cat, Dragon, whom the rats had been trying to drug. Nicodemus gives Brisby a large red amulet and tells her that it has great supernatural powers when someone shows true courage of the heart. Nicodemus says that the rats will be happy to repay their life debt to Jonathan's family and will move her home. For the operation to succeed, Dragon will have to be drugged. Mrs Brisby, feeling she should participate, volunteers to spike Dragon's feeding dish. The only way into Fitzgibbons' kitchen is through a small hole under a sideboard, a hole too small for any rat. The plan goes well until Mrs Brisby runs back and is trapped by Fitzgibbons' son. Justin leaves her, having to supervise the operation, promising to come back for her. While she's trapped in a bird cage, Brisby overhears Fitzgibbons on the phone with NIMH, who want to come to his farm and capture the rats. Brisby realizes the situation is now more desperate and escapes the bird cage by knocking out its small water cup. At the site of the Brisby home, the rats have constructed an elaborate system of ropes and blocks and tackles to lift the cinderblock. While the block is being swung towards the stone, Jenner cuts the anchoring lines with his sword and the block falls, narrowly missing Nicodemus, however, the heavy gears and rope fall on him, killing him. Jenner declares the operation a failure and suggests they leave when Mrs Brisby arrives. Justin tells her that her family is alive but Nicodemus is dead. She suddenly remembers her urgent news that NIMH will be at the farm tomorrow and tells the rats they must leave tonight. Jenner refuses to believe her and tells the rats that he will take over leadership of the colony. When Mrs Brisby insists she's telling the truth, Jenner strikes her and notices that she's wearing the amulet. Attempting to seize it from her, Justin intervenes and fights with Jenner until he wounds him. Jenner admits that he'd caused the accident that killed Nicodemus, saying that the plan to move the colony would fail. As he moves in to kill Justin, Sullivan kills Jenner with a thrown dagger and succumbs to his own wound, inflicted by Jenner himself when he'd given his own sword to Justin during the fight. Moments later, Mrs Brisby sees that her house has begun to sink into the mud, taking her children with it. A futile attempt to rig a new roping system fails and Brisby herself vainly pulls at the remaining ropes as the house sinks under the surface. Justin rescues her, holding her back. As she looks on in horror, the amulet suddenly bursts from the mud, brightly glowing, and places itself around her neck. Using the power that Nicodemus spoke of, she raises the house from the mud and moves it to the lee side of the stone. Brisby's children are safe and she faints from exhaustion. The next morning, with Timmy on the mend from his pneumonia and the now-abandoned rose bush being inspected by NIMH, Jeremy arrives with mounds of string that he'd been collecting to build a love nest and finds the Brisby home already moved and even camouflaged by the natural vegetation. He asks Brisby for the amulet, however, she'd given it to Justin before they'd left the rose bush. While he laments that he wasn't able to help move the house, a female crow suddenly flies into him. The two become immediately infatuated. While Brisby's daughter wraps her mother's hands which were burned by the amulet, Auntie Shrew arrives for a visit, bringing groans from Martin as Jeremy and his new love fly off. 
 Toy Soldiers (1991)431) A group of troublemaking boys decide to take a stand when terrorists seize control of their boarding school. Billy Tepper is the leader of a group of rebellious boys at The Regis School. He has already been expelled from three prominent private schools. His best friend, Joey Trotta, is the son of the Head of the New York Mafia; Billy, all their friends and many other kids at the school have equally influential and prominent, if more law-abiding, parents. When Luis Cali's father is put in jail, he heads for the Regis School to put the son of the judge in charge of the case under hostage, only to find he has been removed. However, once he realises who the parents of the rest are, he decides the entire student body of the Regis School would be an even better bargaining chip. Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> In Colombia, terrorist Luis Cali has taken over the Palace of Justice. Luis throws a woman off a balcony to her death and dumps a judge from a helicopter in order to make his point. Luis is angry because the US government has kidnapped his drug kingpin father Enrique Cali and transported Enrique to the USA to stand trial. The Regis School, in Virginia, is a boarding school where the wealthy dump their delinquent teenagers when they've been kicked out of everywhere else. These troubled heirs are presided over by their superiors -- Dean Parker and the headmaster. Phil Donoghue, one of the students, is the son of the federal judge who is presiding over Enrique's trial. A pair of deputy United States Marshals take Phil out of the school so Phil and his family can be placed somewhere safe while judge Donoghue presides over the trial. When Luis later takes the school hostage, looking for Phil and demanding Enrique's release, problem student Billy Tepper and his friends Joey Trotta, Hank Giles, Ricardo Montoya, Jonathan "Snuffy" Bradberry, and Derek decide to fight back against Luis. Snuffy's father Steven is the chairman of the First Empire Bank of New York, and vice chairman of the republican party. Hank's father is representative Henry Giles Jr, chairman of the Armed Services Committee. Joey's father is New York mob boss Albert Trotta. Ricardo's father is a senior partner at an elite law firm, and is a former president of the California Bar Association, and Billy's father is the owner of the third largest construction company in the world. Luis has had his men place explosives all over the school, and Luis has vowed that he'll blow the place up if Enrique is not released. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Colombia, terrorist Luis Cali takes over the Palace of Justice and demands the release of his father Enrique Cali. Told that his father has been extradited to the United States, Cali and several others head for the U.S. in a helicopter, but not before they have killed several innocent people. At The Regis High School, an exclusive prep school for boys, Billy and his friends Joey, Snuffy, Ricky and Hank like to play pranks, such as changing "Regis" on the school's sign to "Rejects". A number of the boys were expelled from other schools, and Billy was already expelled from several schools. Nevertheless, Dean Parker is willing to accept the challenge of making sure Billy graduates no matter what, but Billy is punished for various offenses by being put on "pots and pans" duty in the kitchen. The kitchen has a secret entrance to a basement chamber, which Billy and his friends use one night to drink colored vodka from mouthwash bottles and make a phone call, using an improvised phone, to a sex worker who tells the boys she wants to take off her clothes. Dean Parker sees a light on his phone, picks up the receiver, and hears the conversation. He manages to track the boys to their hideout, and there are consequences. Donoghue, nicknamed Phil, is one of the boys. He is escorted off campus because his father is the judge who will try Enrique Cali, so his entire family must be protected. Meanwhile, Luis and his associates kill border guards as they enter the country. Eventually, Luis and his gang arrive at The Regis School, kill the security guard and a faculty member, and take over the school. After finding out Donoghue is gone, Luis has to try something else. One of his people finds the student records and determines that Billy and his friends are sons of important men who will provide Luis with leverage to get his father out of prison. Explosives are rigged to blow up entire buildings, and one detonator is attached to Luis' wrist. Other members of the gang stand guard outside with guns. The sheriff responds and his car gets blown up. It is clear more help is needed, and the FBI and the army get involved. Deputy Director Brown is the FBI agent in charge of the operation, and he says the nation will not negotiate with terrorists as that encourages such incidents. General Kramer is in charge of soldiers. Dean Parker was off campus when everything happened and he provides advice. Luis lets some faculty and staff go, leaving 92 people in the dining room, where everyone is counted. Luis warns that everyone is free to do what they want as long as they return at the bell every hour to be counted. If one person is missing, five people will die. Billy and his friends start making plans for how to deal with the situation. They collect as much information as they can to pass on to the army and the FBI. At night, they share a dorm room with several other boys including Yogurt, who is a genius who can help the other disable the detonator. Yogurt's model spaceship can be used to do that, and it also provides a temporary distraction when Billy escapes with information. With enough distractions, Billy is able to get to a storm drain that allows him to exit campus unnoticed, and he meets up with the team planning the rescue mission. Billy is told not to go back, but he has to or people will be killed. He escapes in a vehicle, which allows him to get back just in time, but there are complications and a group is lined up to be shot when the count is one short. Wet from tripping in the storm drain, Billy takes off his clothes and shows up just in time claiming he was in the shower and could not hear the bell. The army is on its way and Parker follows. Joey, whose father is the mob boss Albert Trotta, gets his hands on a gun and tries to use it but is killed. Meanwhile, it is clear there will be no other way to rescue those at the school except to give Luis what he wants. His father is about to be released when there is a riot and Enrique is killed. The power is cut off to the campus and it is hoped Luis will not find out about his father and take revenge.. There is only one way to take back the school, and that means a risk that buildings will be blown up. Billy and Yogurt come up with a plan to disable the detonator, which is in the office with the model spaceship. This involves going from a restroom through vents in the ceiling. The boys succeed in carrying out their plan, but they have problems when one of Luis' team needs to use the restroom that they need to go back to. Dean Parker is confident that Billy can get everyone to that secret hideout where he found the boys earlier. It was built in 1881 for a building that is no longer standing, and that's when things were built to last. The hideout will survive if buildings are blown up. It is time for the army to attack, and this time, everyone who tries to fire is killed. Billy gets everyone into the hideout but he is still upstairs when he is caught. Luis tries to use the detonator and Yogurt's spaceship starts flying. Luis takes Billy hostage and Dean Parker arrives just in time to save him. Afterward, Billy is told that despite his heroic efforts, he will still be punished for his past deeds. Once the bad guys are taken out, all the boys are happy but Billy is missing. Then Billy shows up. 
 Stand by Me (1986)541) After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy. It's the summer of 1959 in Castlerock, Oregon and four 12 year-old boys - Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern - are fast friends. After learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days, they set off into the woods to see it. Along the way, they learn about themselves, the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right. garykmcd Shocked by the death of a dear friend he finds out while reading the local newspaper, the now-late-thirty-something writer, Gordie Lachance, takes a trip down memory lane, when back in Oregon, in the hot summer of 1959, he and his three close friends, Chris, Teddy, and Vern, set out on a life-changing adventure. Back then, the news about the death of a missing twelve-year-old boy sparked their interest in following the train tracks, and become heroes by finding first his body. Unfortunately, so did the local tough, Ace Merrill, and his gang of bullies. Indeed, sometimes, growing up can be hard; nevertheless, finding real friends can be even harder. Will life be simpler if you stand by me? Nick Riganas Gordie Lachance, a writer, looks back on his preteen days when he and three close friends went on their own adventure to find the body of a kid their age who had gone missing and presumed dead. The stakes are upped when the bad kids in town are closely tailing - and it becomes a race to see who'll be able to recover the body first. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man ( Richard Dreyfuss ) sits in his car reading the headline of a newspaper article about a man who had been stabbed to death at a fast food restaurant. He is overcome with a wave of nostalgia and begins to narrate the story of when he was 12 years old and the time he first saw a dead human being. Gordon "Gordie" Lachance ( Wil Wheaton ) is playing cards inside a tree house with his best friends Chris Chambers ( River Phoenix ) and Teddy Duchamp ( Corey Feldman ). Each boy has his own story and a reputation to follow. Chris comes from a family renowned for their dishonesty and abusive nature, which gives him a bad rap despite his tough but kind disposition. Teddy, rather eccentric, is recognizable by the mangled remains of his right ear which his mentally unstable father held down to a hot stove top. His father resides in a mental institution but Teddy speaks highly of him for serving in WWII. The fourth of their group and the butt of many jokes, portly Vern Tessio ( Jerry O'Connell ), begs to be let in the tree house, saying he has important news. The others make light fun of him until he asks if they want to go see a dead body. They all fall silent as he explains that, while looking for a misplaced penny jar under his porch, he overheard his older brother Billy ( Casey Siemaszko ) and friend Charlie Hogan ( Gary Riley ) discuss how Billy found the body of Ray Brower, a kid who had recently gone missing. Gordie and his friends followed the story closely because Ray was around their age, last seen picking blueberries in the woods outside of town. Billy says the kid must have been hit by a train and refuses to report the discovery to the police because he was at the site in a stolen car. Gordie and the others decide to go find the body and accept recognition as local heroes. They make plans to tell their parents they're sleeping over at each other's homes the next day and to meet the next morning on the train tracks leading out of town. Come morning, Gordie goes to fetch his canteen in his older brother's room. A few months prior his brother, Denny ( John Cusack ), a popular athlete, died in a car accident. Gordie's mother ( Frances Lee McCain ) has been silent and distant since then and his father ( Marshall Bell ) asks him why he can't have friends like Denny's or play sports like him. He has no interest in his son's aspirations to become a writer and criticizes Chris for stealing milk money at school. The only support Gordie received was from his brother who gave him an old Yankee cap, something he now cherishes. Gordie meets Chris in town who takes him to a back alley and shows him the gun he swiped from his father's bureau. Gordie lightly takes aim at a garbage can and pulls the trigger, thinking it's not loaded. It is. It fires and sends the two running for the main street where they come across a few members of a gang led by Ace Merrill ( Kiefer Sutherland ). Chris's older brother, Eyeball ( Bradley Gregg ) leers at the boys as Ace steals Gordie's cap and threatens Chris with a lit cigarette. They let the boys go unharmed and walk away, laughing. Gordie and Chris meet up with Teddy and Vern at the train tracks where they realize no one's brought food. They take out their money and agree to buy something along the way. As a train approaches, everyone but Teddy gets off the tracks. Teddy imitates shooting an automatic at the train, intent on dodging it at the last second, 'just like my father in Normandy'. Chris, however, pulls him off before the stunt can be performed and yells at him for nearly killing himself. They soon arrive at a local junkyard that is rumored to house a disgruntled owner with a ferocious dog named Chopper which he's supposedly trained to attack any intruders, going right for the person's balls. However, the yard is empty and the four rest in the shade of a car hood for a few minutes while Gordie, after losing a race, goes to retrieve food at the store on the other side. On his way back, he notices the others scrambling over the yard fence and turns just in time to see the owner, Milo Pressman ( William Bronder ), emerge, yelling for Chopper. Due to the dog's legendary reputation, when Milo shouts for Chopper to 'sick 'em, boy', Gordie imagines that what Milo's saying is 'sick balls'. Gordie frantically runs for the fence with the dog close on his heels but makes it over the top. He turns and sees that Chopper ( Popeye ) is not the dog he'd expected. Milo rushes over to the fence and berates the four boys for making fun of his dog. Teddy throws a few insults but is shocked silent when Milo calls his father a loony. Teddy breaks down, shouting that his father stormed the beach at Normandy, and has to be led away by the others. Following the train tracks, they come to a bridge. They hesitate to cross, unsure of when the next train is due. Feeling confident, they begin to cross with Chris and Teddy in the lead and Gordie trailing behind Vern, who's chosen to crawl instead of walk. Midway, Vern loses a comb that he packed in his shirt pocket which he'd hoped to use once they found the body and reported it to the local news. Gordie consistently looks back and bends down to feel the rails. A light vibration leads him to see plumes of smoke in the distance. He shouts "TRAIN!" and yells at Vern to get to his feet and run. They are barely able to make it to the other side and off the tracks. Chris jokes that now, at least, they know when the next train is. As they continue deeper into the forest, Chris lags behind with Gordie who is despondent about being a writer and doesn't think much of his talents. Chris tries to encourage him, saying that he wishes he was his father instead so that he could give him proper guidance and support. They set up camp for the night and Gordie tells them all a story about a kid named Lardass Hogan ( Andy Lindberg ), stuck with such a name because of his weight. Sick and tired of being made fun of for his considerable size, Lardass takes revenge on the rest of his town by forcing himself to violently throw up during a blueberry pie eating contest. What ensues is a comedic chain reaction of perpetual barfing. The boys decide to sleep in shifts and Gordie takes the opportunity, while Vern and Teddy sleep, to talk to Chris alone. Chris confides in him that he hates his family name and the association he has with them, wishing to leave to start fresh somewhere and actually make something of himself. He reveals that he did take the milk money at school first but felt remorseful about it and returned it to one of the teachers, who happened to show up to school the next day in a brand new dress. Chris took the heat for the theft but could never atone to it because of his family's reputation. The next morning, Ace and his gang are seen spending recreational time smoking and hitting mailboxes with baseball bats as they drive through their neighborhood. Billy and Charlie draw Ace's attention with their silence and they finally blab about finding Ray's body. Intent on claiming credit for himself, Ace heads out with them, along with Vince Desjardins ( Jason Oliver Lipsett ) and Eyeball. Meanwhile, Gordie and the others take a shortcut through the woods and land in a swamp infested with leeches. They strip down and Gordie finds one attached to his lower extremities, fainting after removing it. Eventually, they come back to the tracks and discover Ray's body ( Kent W. Luttrell ), knocked clean out of his shoes and lying in some bushes. They decide to build a stretcher for him and Gordie breaks down, crying that his father truly hates him and knowing that he favored Denny. At that moment, Ace and the rest of the gang appear and demand that the boys leave so they can take the body. Chris insults him and Ace pulls out a knife before Gordie fires the gun in the air. He threatens Ace, saying it'll be all too easy to kill him, and Ace leaves. Gordie announces that no one will get the credit for finding Ray; they will instead report it through an anonymous call. They return to town with Gordie narrating that it seemed so much smaller after their journey. As the boys split up and head home, Gordie narrates that Vern and Teddy grew distant over the next few years. Vern married straight out of high school, had four children, and became a fork lift driver at a lumberyard. Teddy attempted to join the army but was rejected due to his poor eyesight and ear injury. He eventually served some jail time and performed odd jobs around Castle Rock. Chris managed to stick it in school with Gordie and went to college to become a lawyer. However, it's revealed that he was stabbed and killed when he tried to break up a fight in a fast food restaurant; the very article Gordie read at the start of the film. Gordie closes the film as he finishes a memoir he's been writing about his childhood and leaves to take his son and friend ( Chance Quinn and Jason Naylor ) out swimming. 
 Star Trek: The Next Generation (19871994)Summaries Set almost 100 years after Captain Kirk's five-year mission, a new generation of Starfleet officers set off in the U.S.S. Enterprise-D on their own mission to go where no one has gone before. Set in the twenty-fourth century and seven to eight decades after the adventures of the original crew of the starship Enterprise, this new series is the long-awaited successor to Star Trek (1966) . Under the command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard, the all new Enterprise NCC 1701-D travels out to distant planets to seek out new life and to boldly go where no one has gone before. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 