nm0005257:

 The Legend of Gator Face (1996)Summaries A group of boys concoct a yarn about having been threatened by a legendary swamp beast and then meet the real thing, learning it is a gentle, compassionate creature. The locals believe their original story and try hunting down the monster. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Embrace of the Vampire (1995)431) An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a handsome vampire lover who introduces her to a dark world of carnal desires. Charlotte is a good girl virgin who is having some very bad dreams about sex. These dreams are courtesy of the vampire. Charlotte begins to change but as long as she remains pure for three days, the vampire will take her and they will live eternally together. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> The seventeen year-old Charlotte is a virgin college student from a Catholic high-school and girlfriend of her college mate Chris. Near to the eve of her eighteenth birthday, a vampire that was her lover in a past life tries to seduce her to regain his human life. However Charlotte is in love with Chris and the vampire sends the sexy Marika to seduce him. Meanwhile Charlotte is also sexually tempted by the lesbian Sarah. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From the diary of the vampire (Martin Kemp): "I was in love once when I was a man. That time is now a mist in my mind. She was a maid to royalty and I was a nobleman. At the end of day, we would meet in our secret place. My love. My virgin. The sadness I felt each time she left. If only I'd known that day would be the last. The pain of loneliness without her." Centuries later, having drank blood enough to "fill a thousand lakes", the vampire has again found the soul of his loved one...in the person of a 17-year old college freshman named Charlotte (Alyssa Milano). But the vampire is soon to fall into eternal sleep. He has only three days to possess Charlotte's soul. Charlotte must willingly give her virgin self to him. Unfortunately, she loves another, so the vampire plans to sow seeds of doubt between Charlotte and her boyfriend, Chris (Harrison Pruett). He begins by enchanting Charlotte to his sleeping place in the loft in the campus bell tower. There, he caresses her and gives her an ankh which she promptly loses on the steps of her dormitory as she stumbles home. Chris finds her and carries her to her room. Day 1: It is Day 1 of the vampire's three day grace period. Charlotte and Chris awaken and promptly begin to talk about when they will have sex. "You might be the one," says Charlotte coyly. But that night she dreams of herself in the arms of the vampire. He again gives her the lost ankh which she promptly drops on her bedroom floor. Day 2: The vampire is getting weaker, and Charlotte is feeling confused. Her friend Nicole (Rachel True) invites her to a party that evening. While Charlotte is getting dressed, Nicole finds the ankh on the bedroom floor, so Charlotte wears it. At the party, Charlotte and Eliza (Jordan Ladd) have a run-in. The vampire summons Charlotte. As the vampire and Charlotte embrace, Nicole interrupts (she sees only Charlotte) and introduces Charlotte to some guy who promptly tries to screw her. The vampire saves Charlotte but kills Nicole because he needs for Charlotte to "stay pure". Chris dreams that Charlotte is with another guy, calls her on the telephone, she answers, and his worries are allayed. Day 3: On that day, Sunday morning, Charlotte is approached by Sarah (Charlotte Lewis) a photographer who has her own studio in the dorm and invites Charlotte back to her studio where she encourages Charlotte to pose in some racy and revealing poses. Sarah almost seduces Charlotte, but she pushes her away and leaves. In the evening, Charlotte breaks her date with Chris ("I've got to study!"), dresses up in a dark red evening gown and goes to another party. Meanwhile, Chris is almost seduced by Marika (actually the vampire in disguise) but Chris fights her off. Charlotte returns to her dormitory where she has a fight with Eliza, but the vampire appears and kills Eliza. The vampire goes to the bell tower. Charlotte goes to the bell tower. Chris goes to the bell tower. The vampire tries one last time to get Charlotte to submit to his bite, but she calls for Chris. Day 4: Charlotte and Chris wake up alone in the bell tower. Today is Charlotte's 18th birthday. The vampire is seen in his underground lair where he goes to sleep. 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Intimate Sessions (1998 )Summaries Collection of three of Skinemax episodes: Tamara; Elena; Celeste. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 