nm0006764:

 The Square Circle (1996)Summaries Set on the north eastern coast of India this unusual Indian film mixes the genres of Bollywood (the song) with a toght hard hitting look at Indian society looking at areas of women's place in Indian village society, cross dressing, rape and the history of Indian folk song. These provocitive issues are woven into a story using folk songs to tell the story and in one memorable scene poking fun at the Bollywood style musical number. <alanj@pcug.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dil Chahta Hai (2001)761) Three inseparable childhood friends are just out of college. Nothing comes between them - until they each fall in love, and their wildly different approaches to relationships creates tension. Three young men Akash, Sameer, and Siddharth are close friends, but their tastes and characters are completely incompatible. So when Siddharth falls in love with a much older woman, Tara, a woman who has been unsuccessful in keeping her marriage intact as well as alcohol-dependent, widens the rift between the trio, forcing them to part company. Years later, the trio will be re-united, they will be much mature and understanding, but will they still accept Siddharth love for Tara, especially when they themselves have fallen in love with women around their respective ages? Sonia 'Dil Chahta Hai' is the story of three friends - Akash is fun-loving, non-believer in love. Sameer is always "ready" for love-but does not know its true meaning. Siddharth is the more serious of the trio. He is sensitive, understanding, caring ... in short the perfect man for any girl. He falls in love with a middle-aged, slightly alcoholic divorce Tara Jaiswal. Akash cannot understand this relationship and when he insults Siddharth's true love, Siddharth slaps him. This causes a rift between both and they go their separate ways. Subsequently Akash too realizes the meaning of true love when the vivacious, bubbly Shalini comes in his life. Same happens with Sameer when he meets Pooja. So finally we get to see how these boys become men. Soumitra Three young men name Akash, Sameer, and Siddharth are close friends, but their tastes and characters are completely incompatible. Akash is fun-loving, non-believer in love. Sameer is always "ready" for love-but does not know its true meaning. Siddharth is the more serious of the trio. He is sensitive, understanding, caring - in short the perfect man for any girl. So when Siddharth falls in love with a much older woman, Tara, a woman who has been unsuccessful in keeping her marriage intact as well as alcohol-dependent, widens the rift between the trio, forcing them to part company. Years later, the trio will be re-united, they will be much mature and understanding, but will they still accept Siddharth love for Tara, especially when they themselves have fallen in love with women around their respective ages? They all believe that they are mature men now and must think maturely. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com The film is about three distinct characters, Akash, Sameer and Siddharth, their individual relationships and the effect that these relationships have on them. Love. One term that can hold different meanings even for close friends like Akash, Sameer and Siddharth. Welcome to a summer of their lives. So you have Akash, who has been sent by his parents to live in Sydney, he does not believe in the concept of love. Two weeks is all that he is willing to give a perfectly healthy relationship. Incidentally, he feels even two weeks is a bit too much! Sameer, like a lot of us, is in love with the idea of being in love. He wants to be in love. But Sameer has not quite understood the concept yet and tends to wear his heart on his sleeve. So this young man is looking for the perfect woman in his life... The most mature, sensitive and understanding of these three is Siddharth. Sid, as he is fondly called, seems to know the true meaning of life. According to his friends, neighbors and even the dogs, Siddharth knows it all. The women who come and change their lives are Shalini and Tara Jaiswal. Anonymous This movie is entwined with the lives of three friends Akash Malhotra (Aamir Khan), Sameer (Saif Ali Khan), and Siddharth Sinha (Akshaye Khanna). Although their thinking and lifestyle is the same, they prove to be three very different individuals. Akash, who has been sent to live in Sydney, by his parents, does not believe in love and is experiencing romantic upheaval, but an impulsive action lands him a black eye and makes him consider having a life with the beautiful Shalini (Priety Zinta) when he sees her on the flight to Sydney, who is engaged to the charming and handsome Rohit (Ayub Khan). Sameer is a romantic, who will fall in love instantaneously, usually to have his heart broken and his valuables stolen. Sameer's parents want him to marry pretty Pooja (Sonali Kulkarni), but Sameer refuses to marry Pooja, when he learns that Pooja is in love with someone else; at the same time Sameer starts to fall in love with Pooja himself. And Siddharth is an artist, and gets attracted to a much older woman, Tara Jaiswal (Dimple Kapadia), who is also a divorcee, a mother, as well an alcoholic. Tara and Siddharth share the same artistic tendencies. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Akash, Sameer, and Sid have just graduated from college and take a trip to Goa to celebrate. At a scenic spot by the sea, they relax and vow to return there every year. Only Sid is skeptical that they will remain friends once life takes over. On their return, Sameer is arranged by his parents to marry Pooja, his parents' friends' daughter, while Akash's parents ask him to manage the family business in Sydney. Around the same time, Sid meets a new neighbor, Tara (a divorcee and much older than Sid) who lives alone and whom he helps to move in. Soon, two of the friends have fallen in love: Sameer with Pooja and Sid with Tara. Tara receives a distressing call from her ex-husband on her birthday. To cheer her up, Sid takes her out to celebrate with Akash and Sameer. After dropping her on the way back, he tells his friends that he loves her. Akash makes a disparaging remark about Tara's age, causing Sid to slap him. Akash and Sameer are both shocked, and the former leaves the night with anger. Sid leaves the town, and Akash departs for Sydney. On the flight, he runs into Shalini, a one-time acquaintance from college who agrees to show him around Sydney while there. Meanwhile, Sameer waits for Pooja to dump her much-disciplined boyfriend Subodh and eventually asks her out. Tara walks in on Sid telling his mother about his feelings and does not wish to talk with him for believing a relationship between them is possible. In Sydney, Akash is having a change of heart by falling in love with Shalini. Shalini, however, is engaged and returns to India to marry Rohit. The heartbroken Akash is asked to return home by his father. Encouraged by those around him and Shalini's uncle Mahesh, he talks to Shalini on the eve of her wedding and proposes to her. Shalini is conflicted by loyalty to Rohit's parents, who raised her after the death of her parents. Rohit's parents ask her to listen to her heart and marry Akash instead. In the present day, Sid finds Tara in an advanced stage of cirrhosis. He rushes to the hospital, but she passes away while still talking to him. Sid is devastated, but the night gave him the chance to reunite with Sameer and reconcile with Akash. Six months later, the friends return to Goa as promised, accompanied by Shalini and Pooja. At their picnic spot from earlier, Sid sees a woman in the distance who smiles at him. He approaches her and the film ends with the three couples enjoying dinner together at a restaurant. 
 Toofaan (2021)Summaries The story of a boxer and the struggles he faces on his journey to get to the national level competition. Ajju Bhai (Aziz Ali) works as a goon for Jaffar Bhai whose work is to bash people and also extort money from them his injuries bring him frequently in encounter with Dr Ananya Prabhu.Aziz Ali develops a liking for boxing and comes across boxing coach Nana Prabhu while Ananya also convinces him to take the sport.Aziz trains well under Prabhu not realizing Annanya is his daughter while she also hides the truth from him,Aziz soon becomes a big name in boxing and tells Prabhu about his love.Prabhu is angered after knowing the truth and throws him out as he doesn't want inter caste marriage,Annanya leaves her house and starts living with Aziz.They start facing difficult times in their lives and Aziz is forced to fix a boxing match for money but the truth is exposed and he is banned from boxing for 5 years. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mission Kashmir (2000)55) A police officer adopts the son and sole survivor of a family he has massacred while pursuing a terrorist. After some time the foster son finds out what the stepfather did. In a valley of astonishing beauty, a small family lives in an idyllic house: a father, a mother and a son. They are a picture of happiness and love. But appearances are often deceptive. This pastoral landscape is the strife-torn valley of Kashmir, and the son, Altaaf, is an orphan of war who has been adopted by a policeman, Inayat Khan, and his wife, Neelima. Altaaf is slowly recovering from the psychic wounds of seeing his parents and his young sister shot to death before his eyes by a masked man. Years later, a rebel force infiltrates the valley on a secret mission. They need an highly trained fighter with burning anger and find that in Altaaf. He returns to the streets and by lanes of his childhood fighting for Hilal Kohistani, but also obsessed with his own private mission: he must kill the masked intruder who haunts his nightmares -- Inayat Khan. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com In grief stricken Kashmir Superintendent Inayat Khan looses his son when Doctors decide not to treat him due to fatwa issued against police officers by a terrorist leader.Inayat Khan out of frustration attacks a house where terrorist are hiding but in cross firing kills a innocent family and the only surviving member is 10 year old Altaf.Inayat and his wife Neelima adopt Altaf but he finds that Inayat was responsible for killing his family and plans to kill him but is overpowered by Inayat and runs away from the house and years later is seen in the terrorist organization run by Hilal Kohistani whose aim is to destroy Kashmir and uses Altaf as his trump card as security of Kashmir is under Inayat Khan. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Set in the turmoil of the disputed Kashmir Valley between 1989 and 1999, the mission actually starts after a series of life-altering events. Sanjay Dutt plays an Indian Muslim police officer, who in the line of duty, accidentally kills a Muslim Kashmiri family. The sole survivor of the clan is the young Altaaf (Hrithik Roshan). The police officer adopts him at his wife's insistence since they both just lost their own son in an accident. When the traumatized boy finds out that the masked man in his nightmares who murdered his familiy is his new stepfather, he flees, swearing revenge. Several years later he has become a grown up deadly fighting machine and time for revenge has come... Gonz30 Malik Ul Khan has issued a fatwa (holy order) instructing all Kashmiri residents that they are not to provide any support of any kind of SSP Inayat Khan and his soldiers. When Inayat's son is injured in a domestic accident, a doctor breaks the rules, but is unable to save Irfan. The doctor and all of his family are brutally and mercilessly hunted down and killed by terrorists. When Inayat entraps Malik, there is a shoot-out, and as a result, Malik and several other innocent by-standers are killed. One of the survivors is young Altaaf, who watched his entire family being killed by a masked Indian soldier. Inayat takes this child to live with him and his Hindu wife, Neelima. Years later, Altaaf has grown up calling Neelima and Inayat "Ammi and Abba"., and has found out that the masked soldier was none other than Inayat himself. Altaaf breaks off his relationship and re-locates to Kashmir and joins with a group of terrorist who want an independent Kashmir. When the Indian Prime Minister decides to visit the region, Altaaf and his group are ready to carry out their deadly strike and destabilize the region and country. When Inayat attempts to take this assignment, his superiors refuse to accede to his request. It is then that Inayat finds out that the target of the terrorists is not the Indian Prime Minister, but two places of worship - Hindu and Islamic - and that the agenda of the terrorists is to shoot a missile at each of these holy places, so that the Hindus would blame the Muslims and vice versa, thus leading to riots and virtually unstoppable bloodshed. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 