nm0001531:

 The Pirate Movie (1982)321) The crew of a large ship sail the high seas encountering other pirates from other ships. The boy from the ship ends up having to save his girlfriend who is kidnapped by a bunch of other pirates. A parody/homage to Gilbert and Sullivan's Pirates of Penzance, The Pirate Movie is a comedy/musical utilizing both new songs and parodies from the original, as well as references to popular films of the time, including Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark. In your typical boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy fights girl with swords plot, the story revolves around Mabel, the youngest of Maj. Gen. Stanley's many daughters, and Frederic, an ex-Pirate of Penzance. They fall in love and proceed to retrieve the Stanleys' fortune from the Pirates (stolen 20 years ago). The Pirate King informs Frederic that since he was a Leap Year baby born on February 29, Frederic is still technically the King's apprentice. Frederic must then decide between duty and honor--the only good qualities the King taught him- and true love. Todd Kogutt: SCAVENGER Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Pirate Movie is the celluloid version of Gilbert and Sullivan's famous musical, the Pirates of Penzance. The movie begins with a pirate actor (Christopher Atkins) meeting a group of young women at one of his preformances. He invites one mousy young girl named Mable (Kristy McNichol) to go for a ride on his boat and bring some of her friends. Her friends take off with the actor and without her. In her desperate attempt to catch up with them she falls into the water and is knocked unconscious. She then begins to dream about the young man she met. The dream sequence opens with a fight between two pirate ships. We are introduced to Fredric (Christopher Atkins) who is celebrating his 21st Birthday and at the end of his apprenticeship as a pirate. At this time, Fredric expresses his view that his fellow pirates are rather pathetic at their chosen profession because they release ships they capture when the occupants are orphans. This "soft spot" arises from the apparent fact that the pirates of penance are also all orphans. Fredric goes on to state that he wishes to give up his life as a pirate and devote himself to ending the pirates' reign. He is then cast off the ship in a dingey. After the argument, a group of women run onto the beach and Fredric, having never seen a woman other than Ruth (Maggie Kirkpatrick) before in his life, does not know how to approach them and scares all but one of them away. Mable and Fredric converse and quickly fall in love. Fredric warns Mable of pirates near by but before they can run away, the pirates capture them and they intend to marry the girls and take them away aboard their ship. But Mable warns the pirates that their father is a Major General and he emerges on the scene a short time later.Having heard of the pirates of penzance and their "soft spot", the Major-General (Bill Kerr) pretends that he was an orphan and the pirates agree to release the group of girls. The pirates remain docked near by. Mable and Frederic wish to be married. Unfortunately, there is a custom that requires the girls to marry in the order in which they were born. Mable has to be last. Her father also requests that the man she marry have money, which he does not have. Mable convinces her father to allow the marraige if Frederic recovers the treasure that was stolen from him by the pirates. Mable and Frederic sneak aboard the ship to abtain the map of the treasures location, which is tatood on the captains back. The recovery of the treasure wins Frederic the right to lead forces against the pirates impending attack. When Frederic is later alone, he is confronted by the Pirate King (Ted Hamilton) and Ruth and they inform him that he's not actually 21 years of age because he was born in a leap year on 29 February and since his birthday only happens every four years, it will be another 60 years before he is actually 21. Fredric is convinced by Ruth and the Pirate King and agrees to rejoin the pirates because it is his duty. He then informs the Pirate King of the plans that the Major General has for the arrest of the pirates, to which the Pirate King vowes revenge. Frederic then encounters Mabel and she pleads with him to stay. But to no avail and he stands by his duty to the pirates until his 21st birthday. He promises to return when his duty of service is over, but they will be very old then. In the meantime he must fight on the side of the pirates. Mable informs the police that they will have to face the pirates without Fredric's assistance and that she will lead them. During this conversation, the pirates approach the Major-General's house. As the pirates approach, the police quickly hide in fear. (Note - the police are comically portrayed as tough talkers who exhibit fear and cowardliness when conflict is near). As the conflict between the police and pirates grows, the conflict between the two lovers causes them to become enemies. As the Major-General quietly reflects on his guilt and conscience, the pirates launch an attack and the police rush to the Major-General's defense. But the police (who are only aided by the daughters) are defeated (comically) and the Pirate King imposes a sentence of death on the the captured Major General and the girls will be taken captive. They are interrupted by Mable's realization that it is her dream and she wants a happy ending. Mable matches up all her sisters with a pirate or a police officer. The pirates and the young daughters are all joined together. Frederic and Mabel are reunited and married with the consent and pleasure of the Major-General and he consents to the "noble pirates" marrying his daughters. Mable awakes from her dream in time to be rescued by the pirate actor she met on the pier (Christopher Atkins). They lived happily ever after and singing all the way. 
 Little Darlings (1980)321) Two fifteen year-old girls from different sides of the tracks compete to see who will be the first to lose their virginity while at a summer camp. Fifteen year olds Ferris Whitney and Angel Bright meet when they attend the same summer camp and are assigned the bunks next to each other in the same cabin. It's hate at first sight as they are seemingly polar opposites: romantic and literate Ferris comes from a wealthy and thus privileged background, while streetwise and chain-smoking Angel is from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks. But they share one similarity: they are both virgins, the only ones of their age in their cabin. Due to pressure from their cabin mates, most specifically the aggressive Cinder Carlson, the two enter into a bet on who will lose their virginity first and by the end of the summer. Ferris, who initially seems more interested in the pursuit of the opposite sex, quickly sets her sights on Gary Callahan, the much older coach at the camp. But Angel finds her own target, namely Randy Adams, an equally streetwise boy attending the camp across the lake. The process becomes a bonding exercise for the two girls, who take divergent paths to their end goal and in dealing with the aftermath of the alleged big events. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of teenage girls from Atlanta, Georgia go to summer camp, an, unbeknownst to the adults, two of them made a bet as to which one will lose her virginity first, with all the girls in camp betting money on the contest. The girls involved in the contest are opposites and rivals: cynical, suspicious and streetwise poor girl Angel Bright (Kristy McNichol) and naive, prissy and romantic rich girl Ferris Whitney (Tatum O'Neal). The rest of the girls divide into two teams, each rooting for or egging on either Ferris or Angel. The two girls the choose guys they want to lose their virginity with. Angel targets Randy Adams (Matt Dillon), a boy from the camp across the lake, and Ferris attempts to seduce Gary Callahan (Armand Assante), the (much older) camp counselor. The girls engage in typical teenage camp behavior, like food fights and singing around a campfire. Both girls discover that sex is not what they thought it would be. Ferris thinks of sex as love and romance and wine and flowers and poetry. She imagines herself swept off her feet by Gary. When she lies about making love with him, Gary gets in trouble for having sex with a fifteen-year-old. She discovers that physical sex can have disagreeable consequences. Her attitude is now more grounded in reality; she has become more like Angel. Meanwhile, Angel approaches the same issue from the other side and learns the opposite lesson. She views the contest as a purely biological action, "no big deal" and "nothing", as her mother told her. But when she attempts making love with Randy in a boathouse, she becomes confused by scary feelings she did not know she had. She behaves defensively, like she doesn't want this. Now also confused, Randy is discouraged by her recalcitrance and leaves her behind. Angel sees that sex is more than just a mechanical function she can cynically turn on or off. This involves feelings and caring and love. Sex is important, and something she deeply wants. As Randy leaves, she tearfully protests "But I like you!" She meets Randy a few days later with a much improved attitude - one closer to Ferris'. This time she pays attention, not to condoms and clothing, but to Randy and her feelings about him. As the novel described this, "All her fear and resistance melted as they kiss. Soon, she didn't know who was touching whom, only that this was wonderful and right and fine." Angel has sex in the boathouse, but doesn't tell the other girls. Ferris remains a virgin and lies about an evening of romantic passion ("We had chilled Chablis; the darkness enveloped us"). Eventually, Ferris discovers that sex is not just a fantasy of poetry and flowers and moonlight or something from a novel, that the biological aspect is not necessarily romantic, and Angel discovers that biological sex involves powerful emotions that touch her deeply and transform her soul. Neither girl is quite ready for the emotional aspect that sex brings; When Randy seeks her out, Angel admits that while she likes him, she is not ready for that kind of a relationship (he says they can start over, but Angel observes that it's too late and wouldn't be enough), and Ferris apologizes to Gary. Together, the girls talk with the Camp Director and confess the situation, saving Gary's job. Angel and Ferris, the two outsiders, discover they are more alike than different, and as they return home to their parents, they become best friends. 
 Family (19761980)Summaries The joys and heartaches of the Lawrence family of Pasadena, California. The trials and tribulations, joyous occasions and heartbreaking moments of the Lawrence family: lawyer father Doug, housewife Kate, married (and quickly divorced) daughter Nancy, teenage son Willie and just-hitting-puberty daughter Buddy. In this critically acclaimed series, we watched various Lawrences fight, fall in love, become ill, graduate school, begin new jobs and, most of all, love each other. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Two Moon Junction (1988)431) A young Southern dbutante temporarily abandons her posh lifestyle and upcoming, semi-arranged marriage to have a lustful and erotic fling with a rugged drifter who works at a local carnival. April has just graduated from an exclusive Southern college. She's just returned home to her family mansion to prepare for her semi-arranged marriage to "the right man", a man approved by April's father, a Senator. During a trip to the local fair, April meets Perry, the kind of man she always wanted but never knew. Her parents are aghast, as Perry is exactly the kind of man they don't want her associating with. April must reconcile the expectations of her family and her fiance with the passion she feels for Perry. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> April is a shy, beautiful young southern girl who is engaged to a handsome wealthy man named Chad. April loves him, but one day, April and her sisters go to a local carnival and meets a muscle bound worker named Perry. April doesn't think much of him at first. April parents who are both respected politicians, leave town for a few days and April stays with her cankerous grandmother Belle, but April is more closer to Belle's housekeeper Delilah and asks her to cover for her while April goes back to the carnival. Belle, aware of what she is going to do, asks Sheriff Hawkins to spy on her. April returns to the carnival to find Perry, drunk and disordered. Perry's friend, Patti Jean asks April to go with her on a night on the town, so Perry can sober up. While April and Patti Jean are gone, Perry's enemy and carnival gambler Smiley! Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After graduating from college, debutante April Delongpre (Sherilyn Fenn) and her fiance, Chad Douglas Fairchild (Martin Hewitt), arrive at her family's home in Alabama. After April is welcomed back by her parents, Senator and Mrs. Delongpre (Don Galloway and Millie Perkins), and her younger sisters, Samantha (Milla Jovovich) and Jody (Nicole Rosselle), she settles in and plans her wedding. While April and Chad take her sisters to a traveling carnival, Perry (Richard Tyson), a ride operator and drifter, flirts with her, but she ignores him. Before leaving, Perry hands April her misplaced wallet. Later, unable to sleep and thinking about Perry, April returns to the carnival and finds him playing fetch with his dog, Tom. Perry flirts with her again, but April rejects his advances. In the morning, April's family leaves for a weekend trip. Alone in the house, she hears the shower in the bathroom and finds Perry. April orders him to leave, but he insists that her visit the night before was an invitation to come over. As he approaches, April gives in and makes love with him. Later, April listens a to a telephone message from Chad, and regrets cheating on him. The next day, April visits her grandmother, Belle, her father's mother. April tells her that she feels unsure about who she is. However, Belle insists Chad is the most appropriate choice for her and her family. After April leaves, Belle telephones her old friend Sheriff Earl Hawkins (Burl Ives), and asks him keep an eye on her granddaughter. Driving to the fairgrounds that evening, April finds Perry drunk with a woman named Patti Jean (Kristy McNicol). Although angry that Perry is with another woman, he persuades her to go with Patti Jean to purchase more alcohol as a "burbon run". While driving at high speed in Perry's truck, Patti Jean tells April that Perry has been constantly talking about her. Upon arrival at a gas station and convenience store, Patti Jean uses the ladies room and openly flirts with April by commenting on her looks and appearance. Meanwhile, a carnival ride malfunctions. Unable to stop it, Perry destroys the power generator for the entire carnival. During the blackout, carnival vendors and workers attack Perry. As Patti Jean and April return, they go to help. When Perry's dog, Tom, bites one his attackers, the animal is killed by a switchblade knife. When the brawl is over, Perry is fired by the dwarf owner Smiley (Herve Villechaize) and ordered to leave the carnival. Picking up Tom's body, he leaves with April and Patti Jean. After burying Tom in a field, they go to a bar to drown their sorrows. While Perry plays billiards with a group of local men, April and Patti Jean continue talking, leading to Patti Jean taking April on the dance floor where they perform a lustful dance together. However, instead of taking advantage of April's curiosity to the same sex, Patti Jean tells her to go back to Perry and continue what romantic tryst they have going. Later, after Patti Jean leaves town, Perry and April take a ride on his motorcycle, check into a motel and make love throughout the night. In the morning, April goes to retrieve her car from the fairground, and finds the carnival gone. As she drives away, Sheriff Earl Hawkins follows her. Returning to the motel, April catches Perry flirting with the two housekeepers, and they get into a screaming match. April forgives Perry, and offers to buy him breakfast. As they eat, April talks about her favorite place, a lake pavilion owned by her grandmother called Two Moon Junction. After April leaves, Sheriff Hawkins approaches Perry and handcuffs him. Driving to the field where Perry buried Tom, Sheriff Hawkins says it is private property and he needs to remove the dead dog. Perry is heartbroken, but Sheriff Hawkins allows him to cremate Tom, then drives Perry to the Alabama-Mississippi border, and orders him not to return. Several weeks later, on the day before her wedding, April is surprised to see Perry setting up tents for the reception in her parents backyard. Belle arrives, and recognizes Perry from Sheriff Hawkins's description. She quietly threatens him to leave town, but Perry refuses. Belle makes a phone call to Sheriff Hawkins to tell him that April's lover is back in town. In the evening, April finds a message from Perry written in lipstick on her bedroom mirror: "Two Moon Junction Midnight." When April arrives, she offers Perry $5,000 to leave town forever and let her continue on with her own life, but he refuses her money. Angry, April tells Perry she is no longer attracted to him. However, Perry leads her to a pavilion and introduces her to his new puppy, Max. April reminisces about the wild times she and her cousins spent at Two Moon Junction, and her attraction to Perry overtakes her. The two of them make love in a climatic scene, which is inter-cut with Chad having his bachelor party complete with a stripper. Afterward, April cries over again cheating on Chad. The following day, Perry prepares to leave. As he starts his truck, a Sheriff's deputy arrives. Aiming his rifle, he fires at Perry, but misses. Perry knocks the deputy unconscious, and leaves town with his puppy. Meanwhile at the church, April hesitates before walking down the aisle. Sheriff Hawkins informs Belle that Perry is gone. Lying to April, Belle says she offered Perry a bribe and he took the money. Although April knows that Perry would not accept money from Belle, she decides to marry Chad for the sake of her family. Sometime later, Perry takes a job as a dishwasher in a new town at a local blues club. Returning to his motel room after his shift to feed his dog, he hears someone in the shower and finds April... reliving their first romantic encounter. Perry joins her in the shower and they begin to make love. With her wedding ring on, April and Perry will continue their secret affair. 