nm0008866:

 Twice Upon a Time (2019 )Summaries Vincent and Louise were once very much in love, but they split up some months ago. By chance, Vincent comes into possession of a box which allows him to revisit his time with Louise. Will he get a second chance? Vincent, in his thirties, dreams of winning his ex, Louise, again. He's grief-stricken and driven to despair, kisses the break-up goodbye by nocturnal parties, ephemeral affairs - until this day when a delivery man gives him a parcel he has never ordered. A strange box, without any bottom, through which he would experience a time travel which brings him back - at Louise's side before they split up. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Holy Motors (2012)Summaries From dawn to dusk, a few hours in the shadowy life of a mystic man named Monsieur Oscar. From dawn to dusk, a few hours in the life of Monsieur Oscar, a shadowy character who journeys from one life to the next. He is, in turn, captain of industry, assassin, beggar, monster, family man. He seems to be playing roles, plunging headlong into each part - but there are no cameras present. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In the Shadow of Women (2015)Summaries Pierre and Manon are a pair of poor documentary makers, who scrape by with odd jobs. When Pierre meets young trainee Elisabeth, he falls for her, but wants to keep Manon at the same time. But the new girl in his life finds out that Manon has a lover. When she tells Pierre, the time comes for difficult decisions all round. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Edy (2005)Summaries An insurance salesman turns into a walking catastrophe himself. First film by Stphan Gurin-Tilli, starring Philippe Noiret and Franois Berland. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 