nm0002520:

 Big (1988)651) After wishing to be made big, a teenage boy wakes the next morning to find himself mysteriously in the body of an adult. Josh Baskin would do anything to be big to hang out with his crush at the carnival. He finds a Zoltar machine, and he wishes to be big. After Zoltar tells him, "his wish is granted", Josh notices the machine is unplugged. He wakes up the next morning in an adult's body but he still has the same personality. With the help of his best friend, Billy, Josh learns how to act like a grown up. But as he gets a girlfriend and a fun job, he doesn't want to be a kid again. Will Josh stay big or become a 13 year old boy again? Tired of being pushed around, the typical twelve-year-old boy, Josh Baskin, is convinced that all his problems would disappear if only he were an adult. Then, as if by magic, Josh receives a helping hand from Zoltar, a mysterious fortune-teller machine, and just like that, he wakes up the following morning in the body of a thirty-year-old version of him. At last, Josh's wish came true beyond his wildest imagination; however, it seems that being a grown-up is not a walk in the park. Now, the new Josh will have to look for a job, and above all, keep his extraordinary secret safe, as the perks of childhood slowly fade away. But, is this what Josh truly wished for? Nick Riganas A young boy ( David Moscow ) makes a wish at a carnival machine to be big. He wakes up the following morning to find that it has been granted and his body has grown older overnight. But he is still the same 13-year-old boy inside. Now he must learn how to cope with the unfamiliar world of grown-ups including getting a job and having his first romantic encounter with a woman. What will he find out about this strange world? Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> A young boy named Josh Baskin ( David Moscow ) wishes at an old machine to be big, despite the fact that he does not believe that it is going to work. He is very surprised, therefore, to find himself big in the next day. Now he looks like a 30-year-old man, but he still behaves like a thirteen-year-boy. He decides to go with his best friend ( Jared Rushton ) to New York City to find the machine that can fix his wish. There he gets a job at a toy company and develops a relationship with Susan ( Elizabeth Perkins ). Currently, he must learn to get used to the adult world he always wanted to be part of. Would he still like to remain an adult? rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Twelve-year-old, Josh Baskin is in line to go on a ride at a carnival. Directly behind him is a cute girl he knows from school, who strikes up a conversation with him. When he gets to the front, he is smaller than the wooden cutout used to determine whether one is big enough to go on the ride, and he is extremely humiliated. Moments later, he puts a coin in a fortune-telling machine and is told to make a wish. In the wake of his embarrassment, he, innocently enough, wishes that he were big. To his astonishment, when Josh awakes the next morning, his wish has been granted. Though still a twelve-year-old child in every respect but physically, he is no longer recognizable to his mother, he must leave home and, once he learns that resolving his problem will take a long time, has no choice but to try to make his own way This means getting a job and mingling in the world of adults. As it turns out, the job he gets at a toy manufacturer is perfect for him, as his insight into what toys kids will like greatly impresses senior management, and leads to an executive position. Handsome with an understandably youthful exuberance, Josh is attractive to a female executive in his company, and the result is a romantic interlude which, due to his inexperience, he is largely incapable of handling. Eventually, he shares his secret with her, but, at first, she doesn't believe him. As she gets a closer and closer look at his behavior, however, she comes to understand. Finally, Josh finds the arcade machine that had granted his wish and wishes to have the original wish undone, returning to his mother after weeks away form home. The real beauty of the movie lies in the realization that an adult that manages to maintain the exuberance of youth is one to be greatly envied, and while the means by which this message is conveyed is highly unconventional, the message is delivered with insight and clarity. 
 Deconstructing Harry (1997)44) Suffering from writer's block and eagerly awaiting his writing award, Harry Block remembers events from his past and scenes from his best-selling books as characters, real and fictional, come back to haunt him. Harry Block is a well-regarded novelist whose tendency to thinly-veil his own experiences in his work, as well as his un-apologetic attitude and his proclivity for pills and whores, has left him with three ex-wives that hate him. As he is about to be honored for his writing by the college that expelled him, he faces writer's block and the impending marriage of his latest flame to a writer friend. As scenes from his stories and novels pass and interact with him, Harry faces the people whose lives he has affected - wives, lovers, his son, his sister. Gary Dickerson <slug@mail.utexas.edu> Harry Block, an atheist who grew up in a Jewish home, is a successful New York based writer of novels and short stories. That success has resulted in him being honored imminently in a special ceremony upstate at Adair University, from where he was expelled when he was a student. However his personal life is a mess, as viewed by his stories, all which have some element of autobiography, either directly or as an allegory to issues in his life. Thus, most of the people about who he writes hate him because he exposes what should be their private lives to public scrutiny. Those people include three ex-wives and counting, Lucy, a former married sister-in-law with who he was cheating when he was married to Lucy's sister Jane, but who he left for a younger woman, and his estranged half-sister Doris, who re-embraced her Jewish faith when she married her current husband, Burt. Lee, that younger woman who he claims is the true love of his life, recently left him for one of Harry's friends, Larry. The day before the honoring ceremony in the midst of a writer's block, Harry, in therapy, realizes that his love life is as screwed up as when he was a young man, he always doing something to sabotage relationships, while preferring the company of whores if only to place sex in a business context. He wants someone to go with him to the ceremony, most specifically his adolescent son Hilliard, which Hilly's mother, Joan, who is still bitter toward Harry, will not allow. As he drives upstate to Adair, Harry picks up a few people and makes a few stops along the way. Who also follow him are a few of his stories' characters, who, if Harry will listen to them, may give him a better insight into his dysfunctional life. Huggo Untrustworthy, philandering, and insecure, the foul-mouthed, self-centred, and pill-popping novelist, Harry Block, has made a habit of using the lives of others--including his lovers, family, friends and ex-wives--for inspiration. However, now that he's about to receive an honorary award from his college, Harry finds himself up against a persistent case of writer's block, and as if that weren't enough, his latest girlfriend is leaving him for his best friend. However, enough is enough, and Harry will have to pay the price and see the error of his ways. Will Harry face his demons? Above all, is he capable of change? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Most Violent Year (2014)431) In New York City 1981, an ambitious immigrant fights to protect his business and family during the most dangerous year in the city's history. A crime drama set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built. Production New York City, 1981. From an immigrant background, Abel Morales is trying to live the American dream on his own moral terms. Married to WASP Anna Morales ne Robbins, Abel bought Standard, his father-in-law's heating oil distribution business operating in the New York market. Operating totally above board, Abel has made such a success of the business that he, Anna and their two daughters are moving into a palatial new mansion. It looks like he is the front runner among those competing to purchase a $2.5 million prime riverside property that would allow him to expand the business and become the largest New York heating oil distributor. If successful in his proposal - $1 million of his own money down, with the remaining $1.5 million, financed through the bank, due in thirty days - this purchase would be the most important business move of his career. However, the industry in New York is known to be fraught with illegal activity, so much so that the Assistant D.A., Mr. Lawrence, has been tasked with cleaning up the crime ingrained in the industry. Anna's father and most if not all of Abel's major competitors were and are corrupt. Lawrence's investigation includes looking into Abel's business during his father-in-law's ownership, Abel who could be charged if they look into the books from those years despite Abel having done nothing wrong himself. He and Anna have yet to be able to go through the books themselves to hide whatever required to remain clean. In addition, someone, most likely one of his major competitors, is using scare tactics and intimidation to bring him down: hijacking his trucks, so far to the tune of $200,000 worth of stolen oil, beating up his drivers, beating up his salesmen, and making veiled personal threats against him and his family. Even if it is not one of his major competitors orchestrating these attacks, he knows at least one of them is in collusion as the amount of oil stolen could not be stored anywhere but at one of their facilities. Anna, who is more cutthroat than her husband, wants Abel to fight back using whatever tools, including like violence, to protect himself, the business and their family. As Abel tries to remain true to himself, Julian, one of his immigrant drivers who was severely beaten during one of those hijackings, may undermine all Abel has achieved thus far as Julian strove for his own piece of the American dream. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Abel Morales is a businessman who tries to do everything honestly. He has been building his business of fuel distribution to quite a big position. He now lands a deal to purchase a bay-front storage facility that will increase the business greatly. But this deal has a risky clause which states that if Abel fails to pay the rest of the due payment, the facility and the deposit will be gone. His trucks have been targeted by robbers from the last few months, which scared his drivers. He even gets an intimidation visit by burglars. Additionally, the DA wants to charges the business with felony counts. His wife suddenly reveals a gun she purchases for her protection, of which he strongly disagrees. Despite his disapproval, Abels drivers arm themselves with guns but lack the permit for them. When another heist occurs and one of his driver fires shots, Abel has to go himself and find the missing driver to turn him to the police. The driver Julian is found, but he ran away when hes about to be turned in. Abel goes every where to get loans as the closure time nears. From one of his competitors the Lefkowicz, Abel gets a deal for 500 thousand dollars or the 1.5 millions he needs. The facility owner grants him an extra three day time, in which he uses to see his brother to ask him to mortgage his apartment to help Abel. He also convenes all his other surrounding competitors saying that he knows at least one of them is in league with his trucks hijackers. On his way home he accidentally finds one of his trucks being hijacked. He follows the truck through a chase. After capturing the robber he finds that one of his competitors has been buying the stolen fuel. When the money needed is only 600 thousand more, he runs out of time. But his wife suddenly pulls out a bank account with enough cash in it. To his surprise, his wife has been skimming money from the company all this time. Finally he decides to use the money and completes the deal. Julian comes to the facility; angry thinking that he gets nothing while Abel gets everything. Abel convinces him theres a second chance, but he commit suicide then and there. Abel then asks for a deal with the visiting DA for his business. 
 Safe (I) (2012)431) Mei, a young girl whose memory holds a priceless numerical code, finds herself pursued by the Triads, the Russian mob, and corrupt NYC cops. Coming to her aid is an ex-cage fighter whose life was destroyed by the gangsters on Mei's trail. In China, the girl Mei is a genius that looks like a computer in numbers. She is abducted by the Chinese Triads and the boss Han Jiao takes Mei to New York's Chinatown in order to help him in his criminal activities. Meanwhile, the fighter Luke Wright has his life destroyed when he wins a fight against the will of the Russian Mafia and accidentally kills his opponent. The Russian mobsters kill his wife and the alcoholic Luke wanders aimlessly on the streets and homeless shelters. One day, Han Jiao asks Mei to memorize a long number and soon the Russian Mafia abducts the girl from the Chinese mobs. She escapes from the mobsters and is chased by the Russians; by the corrupt detectives from the NYPD; and by the Triads. When Luke sees the girl fleeing from the Russian mobs in the subway, he protects the girl and discovers that the number she had memorized is the combination of a safe where the Triads keep 30 million dollars. Luke is an elite agent and uses his skills to protect the girl. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil For the ageing mixed martial arts fighter and former police officer, Luke Wright, life is pointless. As his brazen refusal to throw a match brings him on a collision course with the feared Russian Mafia, a chance encounter with Mei--an eleven-year-old Chinese math genius who is on the run from the Triads--will give the weary ex-cop a new lease of life. Now, a long string of numerical code--the key to a massive $30 million payout, memorised by the extraordinary girl--makes Mei an obvious target; not only to the Chinese Triads but also to the Russians, and a band of corrupt NYPD officers. Under those circumstances, can Luke keep Mei safe? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young Chinese girl has vital weapons of mass destruction science secrets both the Chinese Mafia and also the Russian Mafiz desire to obtain and use to blackmail world governments. The girl meets up with a "Soldier of Fortune" (Jason Statham) and he protects her from abduction and murder by the Russian and Chinese Mafia agents in the USA, both of which compete to find the girl and get the secrets she possesses so they can use these secrets to blackmail world governments. The plot of the movie depicts the young Chinese girl meeting up with the Soldier Of Fortune protagaonist and then shows the two of them fleeing to various locations (including large hotels and a large gambling casino) in big cities (New York City and Philadelphia) in the east coast area of the USA. Many confrontations, fights, and firearm battles and near climaxes occur as the hero and the young girl he protects attempt to stay alive and avoid the Chinese and Russian Mafia gangsters who chase them. 