nm0009918:

 Angel (19992004)44) The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption. The vampire Angelus, now known as Angel, has a human soul, but committed terrible crimes in the past. Seeking forgiveness and trying to redeem himself, he moves from Sunnydale (and a relationship with Buffy Summers, of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") to Los Angeles, where he helps the downtrodden by thwarting the supernatural creatures that prey on them. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> In this spin-off from the cult hit "Buffy The Vampire Slayer", Angel, the cursed vampire with a soul, moves to Los Angeles leaving Sunnydale behind to look for redemption and soon teams up with some old friends, and new ones, to fight evil plaguing the city. ahmetkozan In a city overpopulated by demons, warlocks and some really nasty lawyers, a creature of the night becomes Los Angeles greatest hope. Once a vicious vampire who terrorized Europe, vampire-with-a-soul Angel helps the helpless in order to get his reward from the Powers that Be - to be forgotten, and regain his humanity. In his quest, he sets up Angel Investigations, with the help of an unlikely (and quite effective) evil-fighting team: wannabe actress Cordelia Chase, bookish Brit Wesley Wyndam-Price and street fighter Charles Gunn. Monica I. - Quilmes, Argentina It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Cabin in the Woods (2011)431) Five friends go for a break at a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for, discovering the truth behind the cabin in the woods. Five teenagers head off for a weekend at a secluded cabin in the woods. They arrive to find they are quite isolated with no means of communicating with the outside world. When the cellar door flings itself open, they of course go down to investigate. They find an odd assortment of relics and curios, but when one of the women, Dana, reads from a book, she awakens a family of deadly zombie killers. However, there's far more going on than meets the eye. garykmcd In an industrial facility, two technicians are preparing for their day on an unknown operation. Meanwhile, five friends are preparing for their trip to a remote cabin owned by Kurt's cousin. On the way, they stop for gas and have an encounter with the strange local who owns the gas station. While drinking and relaxing at the cabin, they discover a basement filled with interesting artifacts. Kad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a pair of middle-aged men walking through some kind of facility discussing mundane details about marriage and potential children, while a younger woman in a lab coat is trying to inform them about an incident at the Stockholm facility. The two men are not particularly concerned about what she is telling them. They mention that the facility in Japan will get the job done, and that their U.S. facility usually comes in second place. As they board a golf cart and drive off, the younger of the two men invites the older one to come over to his house for the upcoming weekend. The scene shifts to a room in a college town where Dana ( Kristen Connolly ) and Jules ( Anna Hutchison ) are talking about school. Apparently, Dana had an affair with one of her professors and it ended badly. Jules's boyfriend Curt ( Chris Hemsworth ) walks in and throws a football at the girls. It flies out the window and Curt's friend Holden ( Jesse Williams ), a fix-up for Dana, catches it down below. The guys are there to pick up the girls for a long weekend at a lakeside cabin that Curt's cousin owns. Dana finishes packing and they all go downstairs to pack up the RV. They are about to leave when their friend Marty pulls up in his car smoking pot from a huge bong that converts into a travel mug. We cut back to video screens in the previously seen facility where the two middle-aged men, Sitterson ( Richard Jenkins ) and Hadley ( Bradley Whitford ), are watching all of this happen. Apparently, they have been drugging the kids through various means (hair dye for Jules, Marty's stash, etc.) but they don't say why. The group is close to the cabin when they stop for gas and directions. The attendant, Mordecai ( Tim DeZarn ), is old, unfriendly, and more than a little bit crazy. He tells them that they will have no problem getting to the cabin, it's the getting back they should be worried about. The kids laugh at him, he becomes sarcastic and aggressive, and there's almost a fight when he refers to Jules as a whore. Instead, everyone gets back into the RV and they drive away. They have to go through a u-shaped tunnel in the mountain to get to the cabin. As they pass through it, a bird tries to fly across the ravine and hits an invisible shield. It electrocutes the bird and it falls, presumably, to its death. Meanwhile, back at the facility, the phone rings and Hadley answers. It's Mordecai. He reports that the college kids are on their way to the cabin and tells them how the reveler almost messed it up for them and they should be careful. Then he gets mad because Hadley has put him on speakerphone; he hangs up while Hadley and Sitterson laugh. They arrive at the cabin and unpack. It's obvious that they are still being watched by cameras set up by the facility people. Holden is in his bedroom putting on his bathing suit when he notices an awful painting on the wall. He takes it down and underneath it there's a window into the next room where Dana is staying. She starts to take off her clothes, unaware that the mirror in her room is revealing everything to Holden in the next room. Holden runs into Dana's room and tells her what's going on and they switch rooms. Now Dana can see Holden and she definitely likes what she sees. All the people at the facility have gathered to place bets on what fate the people in the cabin will choose. Hadley really wants it to be the merman. A new agent called Truman ( Brian White ) is shocked by the way he sees the others behaving. A more seasoned agent, Lin ( Amy Acker ), tells him that she understands how he feels, but he shouldn't judge the others for their seemingly flippant behavior. Truman, however, continues to question Hadley and Sitterson about the proceedings; Truman thinks it's unfair, although they all seem to understand that what is going on is of the utmost importance. At the cabin, everyone goes into the living room and starts drinking. Marty continues to smoke the pot he brought. They're all getting pretty tanked and start to play Truth or Dare. Jules is dared to make out with a wolf head mounted on the wall. Then it's Dana's turn. She has just chosen dare when the door to the basement flies open, startling them all. They dare her to go down into the basement. She does and the rest of them follow. There is a ton of really strange stuff down there. Dana picks up a diary. Curt chooses a puzzle ball and tries to open it. Jules likes a wedding dress and starts to put on the necklace that goes with it. Marty is looking at a conch shell and Holden is mesmerized by a child's jewelry box that opens to reveal a dancing ballerina when, all of a sudden... ...the people at the facility are quiet and on the edge of their seats... ...Dana says "Hey guys! Listen to this." Everyone else puts down what they were looking at and walks over to her. The diary belonged to a young girl who was brutally beaten by her father. There is something about how they will all return once someone reads some Latin words at the end of the diary. Marty says they shouldn't read it. He hears a voice tell Dana to read it. No one else seems to hear it. Against the advice of Marty, Dana reads the Latin and somewhere outside, the family from the diary returns from their graves all zombie-fied. At the facility, it turns out that maintenance and the new intern have won the pool with their selection of Redneck Zombies. Hadley is really bummed he won't get to see a merman. At the cabin, the kids go back to the living room. Jules and Curt are acting out of character. Jules is dancing very suggestively in front of the fire, Curt is being aggressive and insulting about his girlfriend. Marty notices this but his concerns are brushed off by the others. Curt and Jules decide to go for a walk. Thanks to some pheromone fog, they start to have sex in the woods but they are stopped by the zombies. Jules is stabbed in the hand but Curt saves her. He is stabbed in the shoulder but survives. Jules is recaptured and beheaded while Curt watches. He gets away and runs back to the cabin. As Jules dies, Hadley and Sitterson recite what seems to be a prayer. Hadley pulls a lever and blood runs into a grooved stone tablet that contains the outline of a female figure: the whore. The ground starts to shake. Marty hears a voice in his head and goes outside to see Curt running towards him, fighting off a zombie. They both run inside and lock the door. Curt tells everyone that Jules is dead. They decide to barricade the house and stick together. Courtesy of the facility, a voice tells them to split up but only Marty consciously hears it. He begs the others not to split up but no one listens and Dana, Holden and Marty each go into their own rooms. The doors promptly lock behind them. No one at the facility can figure out why their tricks aren't working on Marty. He's not following the plan and he can hear the voices. They're worried he's going to ruin everything. In Marty's room, he gets startled and breaks a lamp. He picks it up and finds a camera. This is proving everything he's been saying about this place. He's about to investigate further when a zombie comes through the window and pulls him outside. They struggle. Marty is stabbed in the back and dragged out of sight. Bad noises follow. Poor Marty. People at the facility are relieved that Marty won't be ruining their plan. However, they're still investigating to see why their drugs didn't work on him. They determine that when they were lacing his pot with their drugs, they missed one of his stashes and what he was smoking was making him immune to their tricks. Blood runs into the outline of the reveler. The ground shakes. A zombie tries to break through Dana's window. Hearing this in the next room, Holden breaks the glass between their rooms and pulls her into his. They find a door in the floor that leads to another room in the basement. It appears that this is the room where the father beat and tortured the girl from the diary. They try to find a way out but the door won't open. Just then, one of the zombies finds them and stabs Holden in the back. Dana stabs the zombie repeatedly just as Curt opens the door from the other side. The three of them get in the RV. The door closes and a bloody hand print is seen on the outside of it. As they head toward the tunnel, Hadley realizes that the demolition crew never set off the explosion that causes the tunnel to cave in and block their exit. As the trio frantically tries to get away, Hadley and Sitterson are just as frantically trying to correct this oversight. The RV makes it halfway through the tunnel when it starts to cave in. They reverse back the way they came and make it out just in time. Curt has a dirt bike in the back of the RV and he decides to jump the ravine and go get help. Like the bird, he hits the invisible barrier and dies. (Blood runs into the outline of the jock.) Dana and Holden see what happened to Curt and realize that Marty was right all along. They head back towards the cabin trying to figure a way out. Holden is stabbed through the head (blood fills the outline of the scholar) and the RV crashes into the lake. Turns out there was a zombie in the RV. Dana fights off the zombie, gets out through the overhead hatch, and swims to the surface. She makes it onto the pier when the zombie comes up from the water and starts beating the crap out of her. Back at the facility, they are celebrating a successful night. Evidently, the "virgin" doesn't have to die for the plan to be successful. This is extremely important since all of the other sites (Japan, Germany, etc.) have failed to complete the ritual. They open a bottle of champagne and start drinking. The red phone rings. Hadley answers. A tense conversation follows. Apparently, the rules weren't followed. One of the others is still alive. If Dana dies first, they will lose. Dana is still getting the crap kicked out of her by the zombie dad. Marty comes out of nowhere and beats the zombie with his giant bong until he falls into the water. He grabs Dana and they run into the woods. The zombies are after them. He jumps into one of the graves the zombies came out of and starts digging. Dana can't figure out what's going on. Suddenly, Marty opens a door and they fall into a room right before the zombies grab them. Marty tells Dana that this was all set up. He's discovered an access panel and started playing with the wires inside; this is why the tunnel never exploded when it was supposed to. Marty shows Dana an elevator and deduces that someone sent the zombies to attack them. She's not sure about getting in the elevator, but they don't have any other options. Through the glass window of their elevator, Dana and Marty can see many other elevators that contain supernatural creatures connected to the strange items in the basement of the cabin. The Sugar Plum Fairy, the Puzzle Ball, the doll faces, the killer bride, etc.. Dana recognizes the connection and deduces that the group "chose" the means of their own deaths, meaning the zombies. Meanwhile, the observers are in an uproar because Dana and Marty have penetrated their facility. They make plans to kill Marty in order to preserve the intended order of sacrificial deaths. Pinpointing the elevator number, an armed guard is sent to them and instructed to kill both of them, Marty first, but he fails when a zombie corpse in the elevator distracts him. Dana and Marty kill him and move out into the hallway. A female voice speaks to them over a PA system, sympathizing with them for their predicament, but insisting that Dana and Marty must die. More armed guards show up and start firing on them, and they run into what looks like a control room and hide. Dana realizes that there is a control panel that monitors access to the elevators containing the monsters. As they are being attacked by soldiers with machine guns and other artillery, they randomly start to push buttons; Dana finds a large one that says "PURGE SYSTEM," and suddenly alarms start going off all over the facility. The guards all pause in terror, then all of the elevators open while monster after monster emerges. The soldiers are massacred and the monsters get into all areas of the facility, slaughtering the workers. Marty and Dana are cornered by monsters, but they climb through a hole where one of the walls was smashed in during the carnage. In the facility's control room, Hadley, Lin, and Truman are killed by monsters. Hadley finally gets to see his merman right before it kills him. Sitterson manages to activate an escape hatch and emerges into a stone hallway, but he is fatally stabbed by Dana; this is where Dana and Marty have ended up as well. Before Sitterson dies, he tells Dana, "Kill him." Dana is afraid to go on, but Marty gives her a gun he took from a dead guard. Marty and Dana end up in the room with all the character outlines. Dana realizes that there are five stone tablets, one for each of them--Dana, Marty, Holden, Curt, and Jules. Everything that's happened to them has been part of a ritual sacrifice. The Director ( Sigourney Weaver ) appears; they recognize her voice as the one that spoke to them over the PA system. She explains about the facility and their purpose. She says the ritual is older than anything known to man; even she and her peers aren't sure of everything, but the ritual is conducted worldwide in order to appease "the Dark Gods" who once ruled the Earth. She says the monsters they've seen are nothing compared to them, and both Dana and Marty realize they are standing over a pit that leads to where the old Gods are sleeping. The Director explains that the ritual is meant to keep them dormant, and must follow specific rules. There are five sacrificial victims. The whore (Jules) dies first, and after that, four more archetypes: the scholar, the athlete, the fool (a.k.a the reveler), and the virgin. The order of their deaths doesn't matter as long as the whore is first to die and the virgin is the last one alive. The Director says it is up to the Gods whether the virgin (Dana) lives. If the sacrifice is not completed, the old Gods will come to the surface and destroy mankind. The Director says Marty must die to save the world. Marty says that if a bloodthirsty ritual is required to save mankind, then maybe mankind isn't worth saving. Marty is hurt when Dana raises the gun to kill him; she is conflicted, but she doesn't want the world to end. Without warning, Dana is attacked by a werewolf, which proceeds to viciously maul her. When she drops the gun, Marty picks it up and fires on the werewolf, and it runs off, wounded. The Director tries to kill Marty, but the zombie girl from the diary appears and kills the Director instead. Marty kicks them both into the pit with the Gods. Dana and Marty make up and smoke a joint while they contemplate the end of the world. The ground shakes and starts to crack open. The cabin in the woods starts shaking. A giant hand comes crashing up through it and slams down on the ground in front of it as the first of the old Gods reaches the surface. 
 Alias (20012006)Summaries Sydney Bristow is an international spy recruited out of college, trained for espionage and self-defense. Sydney Bristow (Jennifer Garner) is a young, athletic, college graduate who was recruited her freshman year as a Secret Agent for SD-6, a top-secret branch of the C.I.A. After a few years, after Sydney confides her lifestyle to her boyfriend, the evil head of SD-6, Arvin Sloane (Ron Rifkin), has him killed. Sydney learns that SD-6 is part of a rogue international agency called the Alliance of 12, out to rule the world. She becomes a double agent, working with the real C.I.A. to bring down SD-6 with the assistance of her handler, Michael Vaughn (Michael Vartan), and her estranged father Jack Bristow (Victor Garber), also a double agent. Along the way, Sydney fights various rival agents, rival terrorist groups, and traitors all the while keeping her cloak-and-dagger lifestyle a secret from her friends (season one). ahmetkozan For seven years, Sydney Bristow (Jennifer Garner) believed she was working for a covert branch of the C.I.A., named SD-6. However, when she tells her fianc of her job, Arvin Sloane (Ron Rifkin), head of SD-6, and an old family friend, has him murdered. With this life-shattering event, Sydney learns not only that SD-6 is a mercenary group of terrorists, but that her father, too, works for SD-6. Sydney then works with the C.I.A. as a double agent, trying to bring down SD-6 with her father, a second double. This is only the beginning of a path of betrayal, murder, lies, and disbelief. Sydney Bristow pushes through trials of love, learns the truth about her mother, loses a friend in an utter form of incredulity, pitfalls herself into months of torture and puzzlement, and is tormented with countless revelations to come. Michelle P. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Person of Interest (20112016)651) An ex-CIA agent and a wealthy programmer save lives via a surveillance AI that sends them the identities of civilians involved in impending crimes. However, the details of the crimes, including the civilians' roles, are left a mystery. A billionaire software-genius named Harold Finch creates a Machine for the government that is designed to detect acts of terror before they can happen, by monitoring the entire world through every cell-phone, email and surveillance camera. Finch discovered that the machine sees everything, potential terrorist acts and violent crimes that involve ordinary people. When the government considered violent crimes between normal people "irrelevant", Finch built a back door into the system that gives him the social security number of a person involved in a future violent crime so he could act. Partnered with John Reese, an ex-CIA agent, the two work in secret to prevent violent crimes before they can happen. Eventually their activities lead to being hunted by the New York Police Department, CIA Agents in pursuit of Reese who was listed as dead, a computer hacker named Root who wants access to the Machine, and government officials who want to keep all knowledge of the Machine a complete secret. Jones Wealthy genius software engineer, who generally goes by the name Harold Finch, is the mastermind behind the creation of an all-seeing machine. Finch and his front man Nathan Ingram devised the machine to sell to the US government, who are unaware of Finch working behind the scenes. The purpose of the machine is so that the government can spot acts leading to terrorism to prevent those terrorist acts from occurring. But what the government considers irrelevant in its use of the machine are acts leading to murder. As such, Finch, without the government's knowledge that he has a back door to the machine, wants to prevent those murders. The machine only provides the social security number of someone involved, Finch unaware if that person is the target or perpetrator. He enlists the help of an ex-CIA special operative who generally goes by the name John Reese to assist in his mission, Reese who is officially listed as dead. But as Reese in particular often uses non-legal means to achieve Finch's end goal, he is tracked by the authorities, who only know him as the man in the suit. They are also tracked by those who are thwarted by the pair in carrying out this mission, and by the few who know of the machine's existence and who have their own nefarious thoughts of what to do with the machine if they can get their hands on it. Huggo A billionaire software engineer and an ex-CIA agent team up to prevent crimes before they happen by using an Artificial Intelligence known as "The Machine". At the same time they must survive being hunted by the Government and protect The Machine at all costs. Billionaire tech wiz recluse Harold Finch hires ex-CIA ex-Ranger John Reese to work the social security numbers fed to them by THE MACHINE, an artificial intelligence fed data by the U.S. government, created by Harold. Based in New York, they start each case not knowing if they are pointed to a victim, or a perpetrator. Ali Kayn (Festivale Online Magazine) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, a wealth billionaire software engineer & genius, who generally goes by the name Harold Finch (played by Michael Emerson ), created a Machine that is an all-seeing Supercomputer designed to detect acts of terror before they can happen. The Supercomputer simply called "The Machine" can monitor the entire world using pattern recognition Software by monitoring every cell-phone communication (using voice-print technology), every email (using keyword filters) and accessing every surveillance camera (using facial reconciliation). Finch and best friend Nathan Ingram (played by Brett Cullen ) devised the machine to sell to the US government, using Ingram's own company IFT in New York. The two friends make a deal that keeps Finch's animosity. Finch is a pseudonym as Harold is a wanted Cyber hacker due to something which happened in his youth in the 1970s. It's later revealed that when Finch's father was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, a young Harold built a prototype machine to replace his fathers failing memory, but he needed to power the machine, so he went and hacked into the government's network. Ingram acts as a frontman so the government are unaware of Finch working behind the scenes. The purpose of the machine is so that the government can spot acts leading to terrorism and stop them before they can act. To prevent abuse of its capabilities by the government, Finch decided to program the Machine to only provide an identity of a Terrorist predicted to be involved in an imminent attack in the form of a Social Security number, but no other details of the future attack will be shown to the government. But a moral dilemma soon occurs when Finch and Ingram discover the machine not only searches for potential terrorist acts but also violent crimes that involve ordinary people such as murders, attempted murders and kidnappings. As with the Terrorists they only receive the social security numbers of the people involved and they will not know whether the POI (person of interest) is a perpetrator or victim. Knowing the government would considered violent crimes between normal people "irrelevant", Finch programmed the Machine to delete the "Irrelevant" list every-night at midnight but Ingram becomes guilt-ridden and builds a back-door into the system and programs the machine to give him access to the social security numbers of people involved in a future violent crime before the midnight deadline deletes the list . But with only the social security number to go on it gets difficult to tell who's good and bad. Meanwhile whilst the Machine was in its testing phase it encourages Harold to talk to a woman named Grace Hendrix (played by Carrie Preston ), who the Machine picked out as a perfect match for Finch and soon the pair start dating. After a few months, Finch even goes as far as proposing to Grace and she says yes. But whilst on his way to tell Nathan the good news Finch discovers what Nathan has been doing with the irrelevant list and becomes angry that he has been putting the project in jeopardy, so they fight. Nathan reveals he has decided to go public and tell the world about what he and Finch have done by talking to a reporter in a public place. However, the government soon finds out and just before Finch turned off a computer screen, Ingram's picture pops-up but Finch does not see it. Before he can talk to the reporter the government stages a terrorist attack on a New York ferry, which was the meeting place Ingram had chosen. Ingram and the reporter are killed and Finch (who turned up to see Ingram) ends up partially paralyze and goes into hiding, even from his fiancee Grace. Finch later finds out the Machine knew about Ingram being a target and so changes his mind about helping the potential victims. Soon Finch hires a Blackwater mercenary called Rick Dillinger (played by Neil Jackson ) whose only motivated by money and has different morals and ethics to Finch, Dillinger ends up getting killed when he betrays Finch and his objective to save lives by handing over a victim in exchange for money. Finch later finds the perfect replacement in John Reese (played by Jim Caviezel ) an ex-CIA special operative who was recruited by the CIA who were impressed by the skills he had learned in the army after quickly rising to the rank of U.S. Army Sergeant First Class, having been in the Army Rangers, the Green Berets, and Delta Force all of which he uses the skills acquired in those organizations in his later missions with Finch. When Reese joined the CIA he believes he is helping his country and is told there is no going back to his former life with the love of his life, Jessica Arndt (played by Susan Misner , his neighbor and childhood sweetheart who he pushed her away to rein-list in the Army after the 9/11 attacks. Reese starts to have doubts about his work for the CIA and he is sent to retrieve a laptop that contains key data to the Machine (but Reese does not know this) in China. The CIA considers John and his CIA partner Kara Stanton (played by Annie Parisse ) expendable and fire missiles at their last known location. Reese survives and is officially listed as dead, he returns to America and finds out that Jessica died in a car crash. But soon he finds evidence that she was being abused by her husband Peter Arndt (played by Jonno Roberts ), whom she married after Reese rejected her. Reese meets up with Peter and it's assumed that Reese kills Peter. Reese then goes on a suicidal path and was on a subway ride to a perfect suicide spot but gets himself into a fight with some Teenage punks. He is arrested for assault and is interviewed by a Detective called Jocelyn "Joss" Carter (played by Taraji P. Henson ) who recognizes his fighting skills as being from the Army as she used to be in the Army herself as an Army interrogator. As she is interrogating him she takes his fingerprints and Carter finds that he had been at several crime scenes when he was with the CIA. However before she returns to formally arrest him, Finch has a lawyer spring John before she returns and Finch meets with him to offer him a job to help people. At first, Reese is reluctant and doesn't believe Finch's claims that he wants Reese to work him as a protector as Finch isn't forthcoming about the Machine but Finch soon starts to open up to Reese about it. Together, the pair attempt to stop violent crimes before they can happen, with Reese taking on the moniker of the man-in-the-suit. The first number they work together is that of Diane Hansen (played by Natalie Zea ), an Assistant District Attorney involved in an organized Drug ring of Corrupt Cops. At first, Reese and Finch assume she will be the victim of the cops but it turns out she is helping them. Reese is captured but manages to escape and takes the gun of one of the Corrupt Cops called Lionel Fusco (played by Kevin Chapman ). Reese uses Fusco's gun to shoot the leader of the corrupt cops, Detective James Stills (played by James Hanlon ), in self-defense after saving the real victim, another Assistant District Attorney, James Wheeler (played by Brian d'Arcy James ), who was investigating Hanson, after suspecting she might be dirty. After anonymously passing evidence of the corrupt cops' activities to Wheeler and Internal Affairs who then arrests them and exposing Hansen as corrupt, by swapping an evidence tape that plays a recording of her ordering the hit on Wheeler to a packed courtroom. Reese then blackmails Fusco (who had escaped unpunished) into helping him track down leads involving the "Persons of Interests". Eventually their activities lead to being hunted by the New York Police Department's Homicide Task Force, led by Detective Carter, whom is revealed to be a good cop in a crooked department, after chasing Reese for several episodes he saves her life, when a mob boss puts a target on her, she then has a change of heart and joins them in their crusade. Early on in the series Reese arranges for Fusco and Carter to be partners to keep tabs on Carter when she was hunting them, after she changes her mind about Reese and Finch, Reese decides not to tell either Fusco or Carter that the other is working with him and Finch to protect them as well as keeping them both in the dark as to how they know about the crimes aka "the Machine". Whilst being partnered with Carter, Fusco starts to see what it's like to be a good cop and starts to redeem himself of his own free will throughout the series. Meanwhile, when Carter was chasing Reese she managed to flag him up to the CIA who is now also after Reese. Led by Mark Snow (played by Michael Kelly ) and his partner Tyrell Evans (played by Darien Sills-Evans ), they want to finish the job to kill Reese. Also after Reese is the FBI led by Special Agent Nicholas Donnelly (played by Brennan Brown ), who thinks Reese is still working for the CIA as a government hit-man after Reese got in the way of the FBI arresting a framed "Person of Interest". Soon a computer hacker named Root finds out about the Machine and decides she wants access to it to free it from human control. The team also faces dangers from the government which is keeping all knowledge of the machine secret from the public. As the series progresses the Team (consisting of Reese, Finch, Fusco and Carter) called by fans of the Show as Team Machine soon gains additional members including a dog called Bear,a Belgian Malinois with military training whom Reese rescues from Aryan Nationalists, who were using him as an attack dog and Sameen Shaw (played by Sarah Shahi ) a former ISA operative, originally an assassin working for "The Program", the section of the Government dealing with the "relevant" numbers found by The Machine. She begins to have doubts after one of her targets proves to be an engineer working for the government; the assassination is part of the cover-up that conceals the existence of The Machine. As a result, her partner is killed and she becomes a number. Reese and Finch save her life and she subsequently works for them regularly. Team machine saves many lives, including Zoe Morgan (played by Paige Turco ) a "fixer" who specializes in crisis management. Finch and Reese first met her as a person of interest who found out that a client of hers, a pharmaceutical company, was covering up the deaths of test patients. She ends up working with them on cases that require her skills. They also save the life of a man called Charlie Burton (played by Enrico Colantoni ), only to discover he is a budding mob boss called Carl Elias. Elias is trying to take over the New York criminal underworld with the help of a group of crooked cops called HR. Elias was the one who tried to kill Carter and HR is who Fusco's gang was formerly affiliated with. Carter manages to get Elias arrested and with the help of the F.B.I, she manages to get a majority of H.R arrested. The only exceptions are person in charge of HR (who is unknown at this point), it's second in command Patrick Simmons (played by Robert John Burke ), and Fusco who had gone undercover in HR on orders of Reese to find out who was running the group. It is soon revealed that the Mayor's aid Alonzo Quinn (played by Clarke Peters ) is HRs leader and he plans on recruiting more dirty cops. Although a majority of HR are placed in Prison and ties to Elias's crew are cut, Alonzo forges new ties to the Yogorov family who are part of the Russian mob led by Peter Yogorov (played by Morgan Spector ). Quinn arranges for the charges against the Yogorovs to disappear before their trial by planting evidence against the cop investigating them, Organised crime Detective Bill Szymanski (played by Michael McGlone ) and then passing the information to his godson Narcotics Detective Cal Becher (played by Sterling K. Brown ) who mistakenly things the tip-off is legit. Beecher is currently dating Carter but doesn't know about his Godfather's role in HR. Carter finds the proof to get Szymanski cleared but he and an Assistant District Attorney, called Melinda Wright (played by Jennifer Van Dyck ), who was about to prosecute the Yogorovs get invited to a sit down with Quinn who murders them then gets another cop, Detective Raymond Terney (played by Al Sapienza ) to shoot him in the shoulder to cover up his crime. Beecher decides to investigate the tip but when he gets to close to discovering the truth about Quinn, Quin has him taken out in an ambush during a fake narcotics sting. Carter then gets framed for killing on unarmed man by Terney and is demoted to beat cop. 