nm0001084:

 Boyz n the Hood (1991)761) Follows the lives of three young males living in the Crenshaw ghetto of Los Angeles, dissecting questions of race, relationships, violence, and future prospects. Writer and Director John Singleton's portrayal of social problems in inner-city Los Angeles, California takes the form of a tale of three friends growing up together in the "hood". Half-brothers Doughboy (Ice Cube) and Ricky Baker (Morris Chestnut) are foils for each other's personality, presenting very different approaches to the tough lives they face. Ricky is the "All-American" athlete, looking to win a football scholarship to USC and seeks salvation through sports, while Doughboy succumbs to the violence, alcohol, and crime surrounding him in his environment, but maintains a strong sense of pride and code of honor. Between these two is their friend Tre Styles (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), who is lucky to have a father, Furious Styles (Laurence Fishburne), to teach him to have the strength of character to do what is right and to always take responsibility for his actions. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> At the age of ten, Tre Styles moves to the inner city to live with his dad, Furious Styles (Laurence Fishburne). The elder Styles is determined to raise his son with self-respect and self-worth, not an easy task in a neighborhood where crime and drugs are rampant. By the age of seventeen, Tre (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is a level-headed young man who has stayed out of trouble, unlike his friend Doughboy (Ice Cube), who has been in and out of jail several times. His brother hopes a football scholarship will be his way out. Tre works hard to be true to his father and to his friends, but violence, which can change your life in an instant, is something they all have to deal with. garykmcd In South Central Los Angeles, California, Tre Styles lives with his divorced mother Reva Styles (Angela Bassett). When Tre is suspended for three days at school, Reva decides to send him to live in Crenshaw with his father, the businessman Furious Styles (Laurence Fishburne), "to become a man". Tre befriends his neighbors, the half-brothers Doughboy and Ricky Baker, and soon they become best friends. Seven years later, Tre (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is an educated teenager preparing to join the university; Ricky (Morris Chestnut) is an athlete, expecting to join the university with a scholarship, since he is a great football player; and Doughboy (Ice Cube) is a small time criminal that has been arrested several times. But they live in a dangerous neighborhood where dreams are shattered by bullets. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Black and in their late teens, Tre, Doughboy and Ricky - the latter two half brothers - have hung out together since they were kids, they doing so more after Tre's mother, Reva, seven years ago sent him, bright but adversarial, to live with his father, Furious, in the Crenshaw district of South Central Los Angeles across the street from the other two living with their single mother. The move was for Furious to show Tre what it means to have a sense of responsibility as a black male, especially in an atmosphere of black male violence against each other that pervades their neighborhoods. Furious, an independent financial adviser working in the neighborhood, believes that the urban black problems within which they live, including this violence and crime, is only fostered by the white majority. That move to live with Furious largely resulted in Tre having that responsibility in he now wanting to head off to college for a better life with his Catholic girlfriend Brandi, who has resisted the pressure of having sex in wanting to wait until the "inevitability" of she and Tre getting married. Ricky, already married with a child - the marriage because of the baby - is also aiming for a better life for his young family. A high school football star, Ricky is resting his dreams on a football scholarship. However, in not being sure he can meet the minimum SAT requirement of 700, he is sketching out a less than ideal Plan B considering that focus on his young family. Of the three, Doughboy is the one who has fallen into that "predetermined" life of crime and violence, he in a gang and having just been released from a stint in prison. Regardless of what the three view as their respective futures, those futures may be affected by the environment in which they live where looking at the wrong person in the wrong way could result in a death sentence. Huggo The story of life in South Central Los Angeles, California, following the fortunes or otherwise of a group of young blacks. Struggling to escape the violence and drugs, some of them opt for education, pinning their hopes on college, others are caught up in the violence that is endemic to the neighborhood. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1984, focusing on three young black male youths, Tre, Doughboy, and Ricky, as they grow up in South Central, Los Angeles. Tre Styles is an intelligent young student of about age 10, but encounters disciplinary problems at his young age -- he mouths off to his teacher, who gives him the opportunity to lecture on a topic of his choosing. One of his fellow students antagonizes him and he fights with the boy, earning an ejection for the day. His mother Reva Devereaux (Angela Bassett), decides it would be best for her son if Tre were to live with his father, Furious Styles (Laurence Fishburne). Furious is a no-nonsense disciplinarian who teaches his son how to be a man. Tre begins his new life in South Central L.A. and reunites with old friends Doughboy, Ricky, and Little Chris though shortly after being reunited, Doughboy and Chris are arrested for shoplifting from a local convenience store. The film skips forward to seven years later in 1991 at a backyard picnic party. The three boys lead very different lives. Tre (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is a high school senior aspiring to become a college man, Ricky (Morris Chestnut) an All-American football player at the same school, and Doughboy (Ice Cube) a crack dealing gangster and high school dropout. The film offers a keen insight on racial inequality, drugs, sex, and gang violence. Doughboy has just been released from prison and spends most of the time hanging out with friends Chris (now confined to a wheelchair), Monster and Dookie. Ricky is a star running back at Crenshaw High School. He has a out-of-wedlock son with his girlfriend Shanice (Alysia Rogers) and is being recruited by the University of Southern California, but needs to earn a minimum SAT score of 700 to receive an athletic scholarship. Tre also attends Crenshaw High School with Ricky and also has a girlfriend, Brandi (Nia Long). Tension exists between the two because he wants to have a sexual relationship with Brandi, who resists the idea because of her Catholic faith. Tre is torn by his desire to be a success and live up to his father's expectation and the pull of peer pressure to be more involved in the local gang culture of Doughboy and his crew. The climax of the film depicts Ricky's murder by members of a the local Crips, with whose leader he had a minor conflict, ironically after the audience learns that he has achieved the 700 SAT score necessary to attend USC. Doughboy, Monster, and Dookie intend to avenge Ricky's death. Tre, who is Rickys best friend, takes Furious' gun, but is stopped by him before leaving the house. Furious convinces Tre not to take the gun and seek revenge and Tre seems to relent, but he soon joins Doughboy and his friends on a revenge mission. Half way through the trip, Tre realizes his father was correct, asks Doughboy to pull the car over, and returns home. Doughboy and his two friends proceed and avenge Ricky's murder, gunning down his killers in cold blood. The film ends the following morning with a conversation between Tre and Dough Boy. Dough Boy understands why Tre left the revenge mission and both laments the circumstances that exist in South Central and questions whether or not they are locked in an unending cycle of violence. The end titles reveal that Doughboy was murdered two weeks later, and Tre went on to college with Brandi in Atlanta (with Tre enrolling at Morehouse, and Brandi at nearby Spelman). ==================================== Over a black screen the opening titles of the movie are show with voices heard during what sounds like a drive-by shooting. There seems to be some recognition between the participants and shots are fired from automatic weapons. A title card states "One out of every 21 Black-American males will be murdered in their lifetime", while a second title card states "Most will die at the hands of another Black Male". Police radio chatter is heard, reporting a "187", the police code for homicide. New voices are heard lamenting the deaths of people close to them. Suddenly a stop sign is shown, the frame slowly zooming in to a close-up. The story opens in 1984. A young African-American boy, Tre Styles, who lives with his mother in a rough section of Los Angeles, goes to school one day with a few of his friends. One of his friends asks the rest of the kids if they heard a shooting that had taken place nearby the night before. The boy invites the rest of his friends to see the crime scene in front of an abandoned garage. The garage door is riddled with bullet holes and a lot of blood has been spilled on the ground. Tre himself is knowledgeable enough to recognize that the blood has separated into hemoglobin and plasma. The kids go to school and are in class listening to their teacher talk to them about the Pilgrims and Thanksgiving. Tre scoffs at the lesson and the teacher invites him up to lecture the class. Tre arrogantly accepts and begins to talk about the continent of Africa, showing an impressive amount of knowledge on the subject. When he suggests that all the races of the world first came from Africa, one of the other students is scornful -- the boy is one of Tre's friends that he walked to school with that morning. Tre strikes the boy with the pointer he'd been using and the two scuffle in the class. Tre is sent home. As he walks down his street he passes a bunch of teenagers beating up on another. We also hear, in voiceover, his mother, Reva, talking to his teacher, who says that Tre is quite intelligent and possesses a vast vocabulary but can't seem to control his temper. When the teacher asks if Tre's father lives with them and if Reva is educated, Reva becomes insulted and hostile and tells the teacher that Tre won't be coming back to school because he's going to live with his father, Furious. Reva drives Tre to his father's house. On the way, she tells Tre that she doesn't want to see him end up poor, uneducated and living on the streets for the rest of his life. When they get to Furious' house, his mother talks to his father for a brief time and tells Furious that she can't teach Tre to be a mature adult. Tre finds his friends, Chris and Darren (called "Doughboy") hanging around his father's house, but isn't allowed to play with them as his father tells him to rake the leaves on the front lawn. Later, Tre and Furious go over the rules of the house and Furious tells Tre he's not being as hard on him as Tre believes, that he's simply trying to teach Tre responsibility. He also mentions that Tre's friends, who are fatherless, will wind up less fortunate than Tre. That night a burglar sneaks into Furious' house. Tre gets up to use the bathroom while his father, knowing the thief is in the house, loads his Colt Python and jumps out of the bedroom, firing two quick shots. The leave gaping holes in his front door, and the thief escapes, leaving behind a sneaker. After calling the police, Tre and Furious wait nearly an hour for them to show up. One of the cops, a black man, seems to have a short temper and bristles when Furious tells him they'd been waiting a long time in the cold. Since nothing was actually stolen from the house, the black cop says there's no need to fill out a report. When he tries to be friendly toward Tre, Furious tells Tre to go back inside. The cop angrily asks if Furious has a problem with him; Furious' answer is "it's too bad you don't know what that is, brother." The next day, Tre goes to Doughboy's house. Dough's brother, Ricky, is one of Tre's best friends, however, the two brothers have different fathers and their mother clearly favors Ricky. While Tre waits outside, Doughboy's mother berates her son, calling him lazy and stupid. Doughboy walks out and he and Tre wait for Ricky, who carries a football. They're joined by Chris, who asks them if they want to see a dead body. They go to where the corpse is laying and while they stare at it, a group of tough-looking teenagers walk up on them and demand Ricky's football, promising not to keep it. Scared, Ricky gives it to them and it's clear the boys are going to keep it. Doughboy walks over to one of the boys and demands the ball back. When he tries to take it and fails, he kicks the bigger boy in the leg. The boy backhands Doughboy and kicks him. Dough, Tre and Chris all begin to leave. When Ricky looks back at the teenagers, one of them relents and throws the ball back to Ricky. The three friends leave with Doughboy mumbling about going to the store. Ricky tells him he has no money but Dough says he's "going anyway." Tre goes fishing with his father. At the ocean, Furious asks his son if he's a leader or a follower. Tre enthusiastically says he's a leader. Furious also asks Tre what he knows about sex. Tre gives a crude explanation and Furious tells him that anyone can have a baby but it takes a "real man to be a father," relating his own experience at becoming Tre's father at the age of 17. He also talks about how he joined the Army and felt discriminated against and that Tre should never consider joining the Army. The two drive back home and see a police car outside Doughboy's house. Dough and Chris are being arrested for shoplifting. Seven years later a party is being held at Ricky and Dough's house. Dough has just been released from prison on a charge that isn't explained. Tre goes to the party and meets Dough. Dough and Ricky's mother, Brenda, talks to Tre and asks him to talk to Dough about staying out of prison. Tre finds Dough playing dominoes with Chris (now in a wheelchair) and another of his small gang, Monster. Also at the party is Brandi, Tre's girlfriend. Tre has his apprehensions about dating Brandi because she won't have sex with him. Tre also hasn't called her for several days and she leaves when a conversation about the subject goes nowhere. When the food is served, Tre suggests that the men at the party wait for the women to get their meals first. Ricky is also at the party and we see that he is now a father with an infant son. The child's mother lives with Ricky and his family at their mother's house. Tre heads home with a plate of food for his father. He notices a toddler playing in the street and takes her home to his drug-addicted mother, admonishing her for not watching her child and for not changing the baby's diapers. She offers him oral sex in exchange for money but Tre refuses. As he crosses the street, a red car stops abruptly in front of him. One of the back windows rolls down and an angry-looking gang member points a sawed-off, double-barreled shotgun at Tre. Tre, though frightened, stands his ground and the car peels off. At home, Tre gives his father the plate he brought home and asks Furious to trim his hair. While he does, Tre bemusedly tells his father that he's getting older. Furious, also amused, reminds Tre that Tre is only 17 years younger than him. Tre jokes a bit about his future children bothering their grandfather for money and Furious becomes agitated, asking Tre if he's protecting himself if he's sexually active. Tre tells his father a fictional story about having sex with a teenaged woman he met and Furious scolds him for not using a condom. The next morning, Tre picks up Ricky and they head to school. Tre mentions the conversation with his father and reveals he's a virgin. Ricky laughs at first but apologizes after a few moments. After school, Ricky goes to football practice and Tre talks to Brandi. She still refuses to have sex with him because she's Catholic. Tre tries several arguments but Brandi remains steadfast. However, the two reconcile. That night, while Doughboy hangs out on his front porch with his friends, an admissions representative from USC talks with Ricky about entering the prestigious university on a football scholarship. The rep suggests that football should not be Ricky's only goal for college, that he should explore other academic majors like business or computer sciences. All that remains for Ricky to qualify for the scholarship is to take the SAT. After the rep leaves, Brenda tells him how proud she is of him. A few days later, Ricky and Tre take the SAT exam. After they finish, they go to Furious' office. Furious has built his own business where he assists people in finding low-cost loans to buy houses. He has Tre drive them to a very rough neighborhood in Compton. Under a large billboard advertising "cash for your home" Furious tells the boys about the process of gentrification, where the property value of run-down neighborhoods is reduced with the effect of forcing out the poor residents and then raising the property value to attract new, higher-income residents. Furious speaks further on the subject, talking about how rough neighborhoods like these have more liquor and gun stores than non-black neighborhoods. As he speaks, several young hustlers of the community walk over to listen to him. Furious' theory is that stores like those sell products that encourage poor people to kill themselves, either slowly (in the case of alcohol) or quickly (from murders). He also ties in the idea that crack cocaine is very rapidly creating too many addicts and causing too many deaths in poor communities. Furious suggests that black communities should work together to keep their businesses black-owned. When an old man who wanders into the group, he suggests that it the young people are the cause of all the trouble because they don't work, drink alcohol, deal drugs, smoke crack cocaine and kill each other in the streets. Furious counters, saying that black people don't supply the drugs that find their way onto the streets. One of the young men from the street says that he has no choice when someone approaches him in anger with a gun; he'll kill him before he'll be killed himself. Furious gravely tells him to think before he shoots. Tre and Ricky drive back toward home when Tre says they should catch up with Doughboy & his friends on Crenshaw Boulevard. They arrive and park their car and walk back to Dough's car. While they talk to Dough, a tall gang member deliberately shoulders Rick roughly. Rick is suddenly angry and begins shouting at him -- the gang member seems indifferent. Dough gets out of his car and shows off the pistol he carries tucked in his waistband. When the gang member's girlfriend suggests they all hang out without a single shooting happening, Dough insults her. More of Dough's friends rally behind him and the hood stalks off. Moments later, a burst of automatic gunfire is heard and everyone scatters. The hood, returning to his car, had fired into the air with a MAC-10 sub-machine gun. As they race away, Tre is upset, talking about how he feels the need to escape LA. He's soon pulled over -- one of the cops is the same cop that had responded to his father's call years before when their house had been broken into. The cop doesn't recognize Tre himself but assumes him to be a gang member. Angry at the thought of another gang member causing trouble on his beat, the cop pulls his pistol on Tre and threatens to shoot him. When another call comes in for a possible homicide, the cop lets Tre and Ricky go. Tre goes to Brandi's house and breaks down crying. She comforts him and the two go to bed together. The next morning, Tre finds Dough on his mother's front porch. Ricky is inside, watching television. An ad for the US Army comes on and he begins to think that service might be the answer to his financial concerns for going to USC. His girlfriend asks him to go to a store and buy some cornmeal. On his way out the door, his brother gives him a hard time about being domesticated by his girlfriend. Ricky dismisses Dough with an insulting remark and they begin to fight on the front lawn. Their mother comes out and stops the fight by slapping Dough across the face. While Dough protests, his mother tries to comfort Ricky, who stalks off, followed by Tre. The two go to a nearby convenience store. Ricky talks about how he'd like to join the Army however Tre tries to talk him out of it, citing his father's service & how it wasn't of much benefit to a young black man. On their return trip from the store, they spot the car belonging to the gang banger who'd started the fight with Rick the night before. The car begins to chase them and they break for an alley, slipping into a few back yards to throw off their pursuers. At home, Dough sees the gang bangers car rip around their block and instinctively knows they're chasing Rick and Tre. He gets into his own car with some friends and roars off to find them. Emerging in another alley, Rick suggests he & Tre split up and meet back at home. Ricky is walking quietly toward another street, scratching a few lottery tickets he'd bought. Tre sees the gang bangers car pull up behind Rick and yells for him to run. From the backseat of the car, one of the gang members shoots Rick twice with a sawed-off shotgun. One shot hits Rick in the thigh, the other rips through his lower chest. He falls to the ground as Tre runs to him and holds him. Doughboy and the others arrive too late to do anything and they bring Ricky back to his house where they tend to him. Both their mother and Rick's girlfriend scream and wail over his dead body. Doughboy, Monster, and Dookie intend to avenge Ricky's death. Tre goes back to his house and takes Furious' gun, but is stopped by his father before leaving the house. Furious convinces Tre not to take the gun and seek revenge and Tre seems to relent, laying down on his bed. Brandi arrives and goes to talk to Tre but he has just jumped out his window and joins Doughboy and his friends on a revenge mission. Halfway through the trip, Tre realizes his father was correct, asks Doughboy to pull the car over, and returns home. Doughboy and his two friends drive around for a few more hours and finally spot Ricky's killers at a local food stand. Monster has an AK-47 and Dough rolls up on the bangers who make a break across a parking lot. Monster opens fire and hits all three of them, spilling them all to the pavement. Dough stops the car and approaches the bangers; one is dead, another who tries to crawl away is shot dead by Dough. Dough marches up on their leader, the one who started the fight with Ricky, demanding that he turn over and face him. The last banger wails that he wasn't the guy who pulled the trigger and curses Dough out until Dough shoots him twice more and runs back to his cars, his friends yelling that they need to go. The film ends the following morning with a conversation between Tre and Doughboy. Doughboy understands why Tre left the revenge mission and both laments the circumstances that exist in South Central and questions whether or not they are locked in an unending cycle of violence. The end titles reveal that Doughboy was murdered two weeks later, and Tre went on to college with Brandi in Atlanta (with Tre enrolling at Morehouse, and Brandi at nearby Spelman). The final shot shows the title with the caption "Increase The Peace". 
 Friday (1995)761) It's Friday, and Craig and Smokey must come up with $200 they owe a local bully or there won't be a Saturday. It is Friday and Craig Jones (Ice Cube) is unemployed, having been fired yesterday. This has lead to trouble with Smokey's (Chris Tucker's) supplier, Big Worm (Faizon Love), who now wants his money, or his product back, or Smokey is a dead man. Then there's Deebo (Tommy "Tiny" Lister, Jr.), the local bully, plus Craig's jealous, psychotic girlfriend, Joi (Paula Jai Parker), and Debbie (Nia Long), the neighbor Craig has a crush on. A lot can happen while lounging around your house on a Friday. grantss An African-American family wake up one Friday morning and get ready for an average Friday of work and school. Craig gets a call from his former girlfriend, abusing him and accusing him of going out with another woman. He gets out of his bed, angry and frustrated, and goes and gets cereal, then his Dad says the all famous line: "Every time I come in the kitchen, you in the kitchen. In the goddamn refrigerator. Eatin' up all the food. All the chitlins - All the pigs' feet - All the collard greens - All the hog maws. I wanna eat them chitlins - I like pigs' feet". Craig's friend Smokey puts his head through the window and they sit on the front porch and start making conversation. They Perve on the local mothers and neighbors. They see the local bully, Deebo, and hide all their valuables. Deebo talks Smokey into helping him break into his next door neighbor's house. After that the boys get high. They then get shot at by some people that Smokey owes money to. They finally leave and they see the girl that Craig wants getting hit by the bully. So he pulls a gun out on the bully to scare him, this doesn't work, so hit hits him over the head with a brick and then he gets knocked out, the movie ends. A lot can happen between Thursday and Saturday - Before the sun sets, Craig must get his friend out of trouble, find a new job so his parents don't evict him, escape his girlfriend long enough to capture a new woman's heart and survive a climatic confrontation with the neighborhood menace. Craig Jones (Ice Cube) and Smokey (Chris Tucker) are two guys in Los Angeles, California hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and looking for something to do. Encounters with neighbors and other friends over the course of the day and night, and their ensuing antics, make up the rest of the movie. Having just been canned from his job on his day off, Craig Jones (Ice Cube) and his best friend Smokey (Chris Tucker) spend the day smoking up in their South Central neighborhood while dealing with a neighborhood bully, relationship troubles, an angry drug dealer, and a lot of other odd characters. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Friday in South Central Los Angeles, Craig (Ice Cube) has recently been fired from his job while attempting to collect his wages, as he was allegedly caught on camera stealing packages, although he claims innocence. Exacerbating his dilemma, his father, Mr. Jones (John Witherspoon), attempts to persuade Craig to join him in becoming a dog catcher, threatening to kick him out if he doesn't find a job. All the while, Craig has been eyeing pretty neighbor Debbie (Nia Long), but his insanely jealous girlfriend Joi (Paula Jai Parker) is a formidable obstacle. Meanwhile, Craig's best friend, Smokey (Chris Tucker), has also been smoking a brokered consignment of marijuana, which he was supposed to be selling for the psychopathic drug dealer Big Worm (Faizon Love). Throughout the day, friends and local neighborhood characters pass through, such as the harmless but always-scheming crackhead and petty thief Ezal (Anthony Johnson); the unkempt, perpetual crackhead/moocher Felisha (Angela Means), who is also Debbie's sister; lascivious Pastor Clever (Bernie Mac), who has a brief sex affair with sultry parishioner Mrs. Parker (Kathleen Bradley), before being unexpectedly interrupted by her infuriated, diminutive dwarf husband (Tony Cox); Shana (Terri J. Vaughn), a friend of Craig's sister Dana (Regina King); and Hector (Demetrius Navarro), a well-known stoner who rides around the neighborhood in a lowrider. There's also package-delivery driver Red (DJ Pooh), Craig's former coworker, whose stolen bicycle and black eye are courtesy of the hulking neighborhood bully Deebo (Tommy Lister, Jr.). The latter and Smokey break into the house of Stanley (Ronn Riser), Craig's next door neighbor, and both steal $200, which Deebo keeps for himself. As Big Worm is making his rounds, he stops through the neighborhood in an Ice Cream Truck to collect his money from Smokey. In an attempt to explain his obvious lack of revenue, Smokey inadvertently incriminates Craig, subjecting both to Big Worm's wrath. Big Worm has had enough of Smokey "playing with his emotions" and warns him to collect either the $200 dollars no later than 10:00 that evening, or he and Craig will be killed. Craig, although infuriated that Smokey incriminated him, reluctantly agrees to help his friend . Craig's first attempt is to borrow the money from his girlfriend, Joi, but after another run in with Felisha, he is unsuccessful. Craig has a serious moment with Smokey, because the latter doesn't understand the severity of Big Worm's threat. He goes into his house to receive the gun he bought, but his father eventually learns of the plan, and tells Craig that he should use his hands instead of guns to resolve his problems, all while telling his son the story of how Mr. Jones' brother lost his life due to gun violence. Craig ponders on this thought and eventually goes back outside, where Smokey makes a marijuana transaction with Hector (after Craig has to remind him of what's at stake). Suddenly, Deebo comes back around to hassle the duo and Red, who at this point gets his chain snatched. Later on, the two plan how they are going to get Big Worm's money. By then, Rita (Yvette Wilson), a girl Debbie had set Smokey up with earlier on the phone, arrives. Smokey approaches her car with confidence until he finds out that she lied about her image; instead of resembling Janet Jackson like she said, she is fat and practically bald. Meanwhile, Craig attempts to borrow money from Dana, who doesn't give him the money but informs their father of Big Worm's threat. He then attempts to borrow money from his mother, but she doesn't feel comfortable with loaning him anything since he just lost his job the previous day. Angered that Debbie tricked him, Smokey heads to her house and confronts her, before noticing Red's bike on the lawn, and inquiring on why Deebo is there, to which Debbie informs that he's asleep with Felisha. Smokey - upon seeing an opportunity - sneaks into Felisha's room and tries to retrieve the money that he and Deebo stole from Stanley's house earlier, but he's interrupted by Ezal, who unintentionally wakes Deebo up, leaving both men having to escape empty-handed. Smokey enlists Craig's help to go back and try again, but at that moment, Deebo rides Red's bike past them. Smokey decides to give up as nothing seems to be going their way, but right before they can go back to their houses, Lil Chris tries to scare and taunt them, trying to speed away on his bike - he is unsuccessful and Smokey whips him with a belt, getting revenge for all the times he's knocked their trashcans over. The two notice a black car driving up slowly and they hide, suspecting a possible drive-by shooting. Scared, they settle back into Craig's room for an hour, trying to get in touch with Big Worm. As paranoia kicks in, Smokey makes one last attempt to contact the dealer, but is interrupted by Mr. Jones, as he was informed by Dana about the situation at hand - after he shoos them (Smokey in particular) out, they decide to go back outside to prove they are not scared. Once outside, they notice a van parked in the middle of the street with its headlights off - Big Worm's men, who start shooting at them. Quickly, the duo flees the scene hides in the bed of a truck to remain safe. Craig's parents and their neighbors come out of their houses after hearing the gunshots, with Dana being particularly worried, asking the neighbors the whereabouts of her brother and Smokey. Debbie then confronts Deebo for assaulting Felisha, after Deebo falsely accuses Felisha of Smokey's attempted theft. Deebo eventually assaults Debbie, as Craig and Smokey arrive. Angered that Deebo has assaulted Debbie, Craig stands up to him, and threatens him with his gun. Deebo scoffs at the threat, and Mr. Jones encourages Craig to put the gun down and fight with his hands. Shortly after, Craig and Deebo fight. After nearly losing, Craig wins by using various objects as weapons (such as a brick and a trash can) and knocks Deebo off. As Debbie tends to Craig, Smokey steals back the money he was robbed of earlier and flees the scene. Red punches Deebo to make sure he doesn't wake up, and retrieves his stolen chain and bicycle, while Ezal steals Deebo's shoes. Craig and Debbie agree to meet up the following day and Craig breaks up with Joi on the phone. Craig has seemingly overcome all of the day's tribulations, save for finding employment. Later that night, Smokey settles with Big Worm, who explains that he had to warn Smokey too many times about his money and that it was all about the principle of handling business. Smokey rebuffs, telling Big Worm to sell the weed himself the next time, as he announces that he is giving up drug dealing and going to rehabilitation. After hanging up, Smokey looks up, lights a joint, and closes the movie by breaking the fourth wall and telling the audience, "I was just bullshittin'! And you know this, man!" 
 Ride Along (2014)Summaries Security guard Ben must prove himself to his girlfriend's brother, top police officer James. He rides along James on a 24-hour patrol of Atlanta. Ben must prove he is good enough to date cop James' sister. By doing this he goes on a "Ride Along" to show that he is not weak and he will do whatever it takes to get James' approval but along the way runs into a few obstacles that he has to overcome in a very funny way. kcquail Ben (Kevin Hart) longs to marry his gorgeous girlfriend Angela (Tika Sumpter), but before he can propose he must first get the approval of her tough-as-nails brother James (Ice Cube), a top detective in the Atlanta Police Department. When aspiring police officer Ben gets accepted into the academy, he finally musters the courage to ask for James' blessings. Still unconvinced that Ben has what it takes to provide for his beloved baby sister, James invites Ben on a ride-along through the toughest parts of town. At first James' efforts to terrify the young trainee go perfectly according to plan, but once the pair incur the wrath of Atlanta's most feared criminal, all bets are off.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Next Friday (2000)431) A streetwise man flees South Central Los Angeles, heading to the suburbs and his lottery-winner uncle and cousin, to avoid a neighborhood thug with a grudge who has just escaped from prison. Debo has escaped from prison and is looking to get revenge on Craig. So Craig's dad takes him to Rancho Cucamonga to hide out with his Uncle Elroy and cousin Day-Day, who moved to the suburbs after winning the lottery. But once he gets there, Craig and Day-Day have a set of suburban misadventures that make his South Central experiences look tame. <jgp3553@excite.com> A streetwise man flees South Central Los Angeles heading to the suburbs and his lottery-winner uncle and cousin to avoid a neighborhood thug with a grudge who has just escaped from prison. But trouble soon follows and the suburbs will never be the same in this comic thrill ride. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After the events of Friday (1995) , that are summarized by Craig, his father Willie decides it would be safer for Craig to move to Rancho Cucamonga and live with his uncle Elroy and cousin Day-Day, who had won the lottery and were able to afford a nice house in a middle class neighborhood. Elroy spends his days consuming large amounts of marijuana and making sex tapes with his wife, Auntie Suga while Day-Day works at a record store and tries to avoid his pregnant ex-girlfriend D'Wana and her violent sister Baby D. Day-Day shows Craig around the house and neighborhood, introducing him to his neighbor Mrs. Ho-Kym. While there, they witness another neighbor family, Jokerand his two brothers, return home in their lowrider. Day-Day explains to Craig that actually after winning the lottery, all of the taxes and fees that were taken out only left them with enough to buy their house and car. However, a letter carrier delivers a delinquency notice that their house could be repossessed, but Day-Day is running late for work and unable to bring it to his dad's attention first. Craig joins his aunt and uncle for a joint which is strong enough to make him pass out, and he later goes to visit Day-Day at work. While there, Day-Day finds D'Wana vandalizing his car with Baby D for the second time that day, and attempts to confront them, only to be physically attacked by Baby D. Pinky arrives at the store finding that it has been locked up while Day-Day and his friend/coworker Roach are in the back. After an armed scuffle with Craig in which Pinky mistook him for a robber, Craig gains the upper hand and holds Pinky's gun on him, attempting to explain that he's Day-Day's cousin. When Day-Day returns and confirms this, Pinky fires both him and Roach. Craig, Day-Day and Roach then try to figure out how to resolve the delinquency issue so they can keep their house. Craig remembers seeing one of the Joker brothers carrying a hydraulic pump from their car inside, suspecting that they may be hiding cash inside. Craig convinces Day-Day and Roach to help him get inside the Joker's house and see what's inside the pump. The trio drug the Joker's guard dog Chico with an edible Roach had given them, rendering the dog unconscious. Craig then sneaks into the Joker's house while the three brothers are partying with girls they brought home. Craig locates the pump and confirms that drug cash is hidden inside. Narrowly avoiding detection by Baby Joker, he slips into Karla's room where he flirts with her before escaping out of her upstairs window. Meanwhile, concerned that Craig is taking too long, Day-Day and Roach knock on the Joker's front door, which is answered by all three brothers armed with handguns and an assault rifle. The brothers take Day-Day and Roach hostage while trying to figure out what happened to their money. After learning that Craig could be in trouble, Willie returns to the neighborhood at the same time Deebo and his fellow prison inmate and younger brother Tyrone arrive, the latter two having been tracking Craig down all day after they escaped from prison so Deebo could have revenge on Craig. Willie teams up with Elroy, and the two incapacitate two of the Joker brothers and Craig is able to free Day-Day and Roach. Soon after, the police arrive and arrest all three Joker brothers on drug charges and re-arrest Deebo and Tyrone for their prison break. Craig hands the cash from the pump over to Day-Day and his uncle so they can pay off their debt and keep their house, then Craig returns home with his dad, having learned the suburbs aren't any safer than the hood. 