nm0008958:

 At Eternity's Gate (2018)Summaries A look at the life of painter Vincent van Gogh during the time he lived in Arles and Auvers-sur-Oise, France. During a self-imposed exile in Arles and Auvers-Sur-Oise, France, Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh develops his unique, colorful style of painting. While grappling with religion, mental illness and a tumultuous friendship with French artist Paul Gauguin, van Gogh begins to focus on his relationship with eternity rather than the pain his art causes him in the present. The last two years (1888-1890) in the life of Vincent van Gogh are presented, those years spent largely in southern France, most specifically Arles. He is driven by his art and what his art means to him, as opposed to the primary goal of making money, which he does not in not selling any of his paintings and thus being supported financially and emotionally by his brother, Theo van Gogh . As opposed to his friend and fellow artist Paul Gauguin who has a modicum of success, Van Gogh is seen as less contemplative about his work due in large part to the speed at which he paints and what is seen as the haphazard style of thick strokes of paint on the canvas, but he is arguably more contemplative regardless of how prolific he is. That overall contemplative nature manifests itself more as madness, seeming or real, as demonstrated by an infamous act concerning his left ear. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Adversary (2002)Summaries When a man murders his wife, children and parents, the ensuing investigation reveals that he's been living a lie for almost 20 years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mea culpa (2014)Summaries Franck and Simon are both good cops and partners. Simon has been troubled since he killed three in a drunk driving accident, but when Simons son witnesses a murder, and is hunted by ruthless killers, he's efficiently back. Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work as partners. But their lives take a tailspin when Simon, driving drunk, causes a tragic car wreck. A few years later, out of the police, he is forced to take matters into his own hands when his family is in danger. Jiilo_Kim It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mesrine: Public Enemy No. 1 (2008)Summaries The story of the notorious French gangster Jacques Mesrine , with the focus on his life and death as France's Public Enemy No. 1 in the 1970s. The story of Jacques Mesrine, France's public enemy No. 1 during the 1970s. After nearly two decades of legendary criminal feats - from multiple bank robberies and to prison breaks. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 