nm0004918:

 Boy Meets World (19932000)44) An adolescent with two siblings tests his various theories about life as he endures the trials of growing up alongside a good friend. In this TV series we see the "adventures" and goofs of a young schoolboy named Cory Matthews and his best friend Shawn Hunter. At school, they aren't very popular with girls, and they have enemies like Harley, Joey, and Frankie. They also get often in trouble with Mr. Feeny, the school's funny principal. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> The show starts with Cory as an average eleven year old boy. He has a best friend from the other side of the tracks, a teacher that constantly keeps him on his toes, a classmate named Topanga who he has trouble understanding, and a family that keeps his life interesting - including an older brother who seems to become more idiotic as the show progresses. As years wear on and Cory grows up, everything gradually changes. Shawn begins to feel the strains of his less than perfect life, Topanga become more than a friend, and the constant spinning of the world leads up to Cory slowly becoming less naive and more responsible. Max Vaughn The show begins and progresses the adventures and goofs of adolescent schoolboy Cory Matthews, his best friend from "the wrong side of the tracks" Shawn Hunter, his hard-to-understand girlfriend Topanga Lawrence with the help of former teacher now principal and Cory's next-door neighbor George Feeny and his continually-progressing idiotic older brother Eric. Alex Madison <degrassilover2057@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dorm Daze (2003)Summaries Set during a crazy afternoon in the lives of a dozen college students at a co-ed dorm that starts with the arrival of two very different women with the same name of Dominique. Dorm Daze unfolds during a crazy afternoon at a university co-ed dormitory in the days before Christmas break when one of the students, Styles McFee, hires a prostitute named Dominique for his unwitting brother, Booker, to lose his virginity. But Booker prefers to lose his virginity to his long-term sweetheart Rachel just down the hall. Meanwhile, another student, named Wang, awaits the arrival of a French foreign exchange student, who speaks little English, also named Dominique. Farcical wackiness ensues as a series of mistaken identities and mishaps escalate into monumental proportions starting when Wang leaves for work, Dominique the Student arrives and is mistaken for the prostitute by Styles, while Dominique the Hooker is mistaken for the student by others including the two dorm gossip queens Lynne and Marla. Other characters involve Adrienne, who is targeted by the dorm geek, Newmar, with whom they had a drunken fling the night before. Adrienne tries to find a missing handbag belonging to her friend, Claire, who is having boyfriend troubles with Tony. Adrienne's roommate, Gerri, inadvertently gets her hands on another handbag similar looking to Claire's which is filled with $30,000 in cash. Gerri is soon mistaken for a shadowy hit woman, named Britany the Snake, by a local gangster named Lorenzo. Elsewhere, Pete's punk friend Cliff enters the dorm when Pete has to go to work. Cliff soon teams up with Dominique the Hooker to find the missing handbag with the cash while the token gay student Foosball works his way through all the plots of this collegiate comedy of Shakespearean proportions. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girl Meets World (20142017)55) More than a decade after Boy Meets World (1993) , Cory and Topanga Matthews are married and have two children. Their daughter, Riley, faces life lessons through her family, friends, and school--where her father is her history teacher--as her parents did when they were younger. Riley is the daughter of Cory and Topanga and she goes to school with her friends Maya and Farkle and new person Lucas who Riley likes. Cory is Riley's history teacher and everything Riley and Maya do has something to do with their school life problems. Girl Meets World is the Boy Meets World for a whole new generation. Riley is the pre-teen daughter of Corey and Topanga from the original TGIF series. Riley and her best friend Maya navigate the highs and lows of middle school while little brother Auggie cheers them on. Maya is the carefree and daring part of the friendship while Riley is quick-thinking and responsible. When the irresistibly attractive Lucas Friar moves to town from Texas things get really shaken up and Riley decides it's time to take on the world. LadyPhantastic Fourteen years after Boy Meets World, Cory and Topanga are the parents of a perky 12-year-old girl named Riley and an adorable 5-year-old son named Auggie. Along with her two best friends, Maya and Farkle, her crush, Lucas, and her history teacher (her father) Riley learns the ups and downs of being a pre-teen and life. More than a decade after Boy Meets World, Riley Mathews, daughter of Cory and Topanga Mathews, and her friends face challenges similar to what Cory and Topanga faced. Every day her father who is also her history teacher gives her a lesson that is actually a life lesson. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boiling Pot (2015)Summaries On a college campus in modern America, ideas that have long been neglected as "issues of the past" emerge as racial tensions and frictions grow between different student groups. BOILING POT is based on a true story about a modern collegiate student body rocked when a noose is found hanging from a tree on campus. Racial tensions grow between various student groups and culminate in violence, leaving everyone to wonder if there is anyone left who is truly innocent. AshmaweyFilms It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 