nm0006651:

 Enola Holmes (2020)321) When Enola Holmes-Sherlock's teen sister-discovers her mother missing, she sets off to find her, becoming a super-sleuth in her own right as she outwits her famous brother and unravels a dangerous conspiracy around a mysterious young Lord. England, 1884 - a world on the brink of change. On the morning of her 16th birthday, Enola Holmes ( Millie Bobby Brown ) wakes to find that her mother ( Helena Bonham Carter ) has disappeared, leaving behind an odd assortment of gifts but no apparent clue as to where she's gone or why. After a free-spirited childhood, Enola suddenly finds herself under the care of her brothers Sherlock ( Henry Cavill ) and Mycroft ( Sam Claflin ), both set on sending her away to a finishing school for "proper" young ladies. Refusing to follow their wishes, Enola escapes to search for her mother in London. But when her journey finds her entangled in a mystery surrounding a young runaway Lord ( Louis Partridge ), Enola becomes a super-sleuth in her own right, outwitting her famous brother as she unravels a conspiracy that threatens to set back the course of history. Netflix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film opens, Enola Holmes rides her bicycle and narrates to the audience. She explains that her mother Eudoria, keen on word games, insisted on naming her Enola (a reverse of the word Alone) after her birth, and that following the early death of her father and subsequent departure of her elder brothers, Mycroft and Sherlock, her mother raised and educated her in their country home of Ferndell Hall. Eudoria raised Enola on many books, sciences, and sports, and encouraged a free and playful lifestyle, unlike the stuffy and traditional schools and expectations of Victorian England. Despite this usual closeness, Enola once accidentally interrupted a secret meeting between her mother and a group of other women, who hid their intentions from her. She goes on to explain that on the morning of her sixteenth birthday, Enola awoke to find her mother missing, leaving only a wooden gift box with a booklet on flowers, cards, and pencils as a birthday present passed on to her by their housekeeper, Mrs. Lane. Back in the present, Enola tells the audience that a week has passed since Eudoria's disappearance, and she is on the way to the train station to receive Mycroft, now a rich aristocrat working for the government, and Sherlock, now the famous detective. Upon their arrival, her brothers fail to recognize her at first, having not seen her since she was small. Mycroft is horrified that Enola is out in public without a hat or gloves, and dirty from having fallen off her bike on the way to the station. He is further annoyed to find that Enola has not brought the carriage he has been paying for, confusing Enola as they do not own a carriage. Sherlock hires one to take them to Ferndell, and upon their arrival, Mycroft balks at the state of the house. He tells Sherlock that he has been sending a great deal of money to Eudoria, who sent letters to him detailing the costs of the household, including rooms, members of household staff, and teachers for Enola, which do not exist. Sherlock investigates, and surmises that although Eudoria's absence is not foul play, she does not intend to return. Mycroft and Sherlock discuss what to do with their younger sister now that Eudoria is gone. Mycroft feels that Eudoria has robbed him, and saddled him with Enola. Sherlock thinks Enola should be allowed to stay at Ferndell, as Eudoria educated her on virtually every subject herself, and she seems to be very clever. However, Mycroft insists on sending her away to a strict boarding school so she may be turned into a proper lady, citing that she is his ward now, and Sherlock has shown little interest in the family. Mycroft sends for Miss Harrison of Miss Harrison's Finishing School for Young Ladies, and Enola's free spirit and defiant attitude gains her a slap from the headmistress. Enola begs not to be sent away, but Mycroft is adamant, and Sherlock refuses to help. That evening, Sherlock finds Enola sketching and recounts the only memories he has of her, including a pine cone wrapped in wool she called Dash, after one of Queen Victoria's dogs. Enola chastises Sherlock for never visiting or writing home, telling him she has followed every one of his cases. Sherlock sees Eudoria's vanishing as an interesting mystery to be solved, and tells Enola to look for what's already in front of her. That night, Enola finds a secret coded message from her mother in the gift box she left. She decodes it and follows the clues in her booklet to a hidden envelope filled with money addressed to her, with the only note saying: "Our future is up to us." Enola decides to run away to search for her mother, dressing as a boy and boarding a train bound for London. A rich family is at the station, frantically looking for someone. Enola notices a latecomer on the train wearing a brown bowler hat who gives a signal to someone on the platform. The train leaves and is well on it's way when a boy Enola's age pops out of a large travel bag in her compartment. Enola deduces that this is the boy the family at the station was looking for, and he introduces himself has the Viscount Tewkesbury, Marquis of Basilweather, and says that he is running away. Enola tells him of the man in the bowler hat who she has also deduced has been sent to look for him. Sure enough, the Bowler Hat man is approaching their carriage, and Enola leaves, not wanting to get involved, as the man passes her and finds Tewkesbury. She hears the boy scream, and returns to find the man holding him outside the train door, about to smash him into a tunnel wall. Enola attacks the man, Linthorn, and saves Tewkesbury, jumping off the train just before a bridge to strand the attempted murderer. Sherlock and Mycroft discover Enola has run off, angering Mycroft. Mrs. Lane tells Sherlock that Enola knows nothing of the outside world in practicality, and asks him not to abandon her a second time. Enola and Tewkesbury begin to walk across the countryside toward London, stopping to rest at dark, where Tewkesbury reveals his vast knowledge of plants, flowers, and edible fungi to forage for food. Enola cuts his long hair short to help him not be recognized, as he explains that, after narrowly avoiding being crushed by a falling tree branch, he realized that he didn't want to join the army like his uncle as his family wants him to, or take his seat in the House of Lords like his deceased father. Enola tells him in turn of her decision to run away rather than be sent to Miss Harrison's. Tewkesbury proposes they stick together in London, but Enola refuses, and they go their separate ways upon reaching the city. Using the money Eudoria left for her, Enola disguises herself as a well-bred lady, and finds a boarding house to stay at. Meanwhile, Sherlock and Mycroft return to London. Mycroft has the police on the lookout for Enola, and Sherlock has turned down the Tewkesbury case in favor of searching for her and Eudoria himself. Mycroft is insistent that their name be kept out of it, not wanting to be embarrassed by Enola, and complains about an upcoming vote to reform voter rights by the House of Lords, which is at a deadlock. Enola leaves a coded message in various newspapers for her mother, finding that the Viscount Tewkesbury's disappearance has gotten a lot of press. She then tracks down the correspondent her mother often wrote to, Ethel, who runs Jiu-Jitsu classes for women above her tea shop and used to teach Enola self defense. She tells Enola that Eudoria does not want to be found and has secret work to do in London, and Enola remembers her as one of the women at Eudoria's secret meeting. Enola finds fireworks in Ethel's office after she returns to her students, and recalls hearing coded words in their conversation at the meeting. Decoding them as locations, she surmises that they are hiding something at the docks, and goes to investigate. Once there, Enola finds a warehouse bearing a purple ribbon, the same ribbon as was on her birthday gift from her mother. Sneaking in, she finds great quantities of fireworks, gunpowder, and other explosives. She also finds posters for suffragette rallies, and is horrified to find full fledged bombs hidden away. She questions weather she should continue her attempts to find her mother, as it seems she is involved in dangerous activities. As she goes to leave the docks, Enola is ambushed by Linthorn, who interrogates her about Tewkesbury's location and attempts to drown her in a water trough. She outsmarts him, momentarily getting away, and explains to the audience how he mother taught her various subjects, including physical combat. An intense fight between her and Linthorn ensues, with Enola eventually being overpowered by Linthorn's superior strength. He throws her through the warehouse door and attempts to finish the job and stab her, though she is protected by her whalebone corset. She sets off the gunpowder in the room and escapes Linthorn. While nursing her wounds, Enola tells the audience of how she once almost died trying to save a sheep, and her mother's advice not to risk her life to help others. However, Enola decides she cannot leave Tewkesbury to his fate, and resolves to find and help him. Enola once again disguises herself, this time as a widow named May Beatrice Poesy, in order to gain a meeting with Lady Tewkesbury, the marquis' mother, at Basilweather Hall. Tewkesbury's Mother, Uncle, and Grandmother are all skeptical of Enola's claim of being a lady detective, until she says she works for Sherlock Holmes as an advance investigator. This piques their interest, though Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard enters and says that Sherlock always works alone. Tewkesbury's Uncle, Sir Whimbrel, sends them both away, stating that they do not need more help. Enola and Lestrade test each other on their knowledge of Sherlock, finding themselves equal. Lestrade leaves, confused by 'May'. Enola pays a gardener for his uniform, and is pointed towards the woods as the place where Tewkesbury spent most of his time. Lestrade meets with Mycroft and tells him of 'May Beatrice Poesy' who matches the description of Enola. Mycroft confirms she is his sister, and tells Lestrade to find her. In the forest, Enola finds the tree branch that almost killed Tewkesbury, and discovers saw marks on it's base. She also investigates his hidden tree house, where he laid his plans, and indicated fake locations on a map of London so as to send his pursuers in the wrong direction, including (coincidentally), the docks where Linthorn jumped Enola. She finds flower pressings in a travel book, and theorizes where the marquis is actually hiding. She is surprised by Tewkesbury's grandmother, the Dowager, who speaks with 'May' regarding the boy's disappearance, and tells her about his father. She says he was a "new thinker", and young Tewkesbury is likely the same. She tells 'May' to send her love to her grandson should she see him before she does, and lets her leave without trouble for snooping. Sherlock follows clues from Ferndell to Edith's tea shop, and asks to speak with her, bargaining for her time with the leverage of her banned books she lets her customers read. He inquires as to Eudoria's whereabouts, saying she needs to return to take care of Enola. Edith tells him Eudoria is doing good work to change the world, and Enola seems to be taking care of herself. Edith also tells him of the "useless boy" Enola ran into, and that she is also looking for Eudoria. She admits she is pleased that Sherlock is at least taking an interest, as Eudoria figured he would always ignore his younger sister. She says that Enola needs Sherlock, and advises him to find and help her. Later, Enola arrives at Covent Garden Market, where she tracks down Tewkesbury selling flowers among the crowded stalls. He is pleased, if surprised, to see her again, and asks why she went through the trouble of finding him, thinking she might turn him in for the reward money being offered. She tells him that she is actually there because his life is still in danger, and they both confess to having missed each other since their departure. Enola takes him back to her lodgings house, where Tewkesbury finds a pile of newspapers. Enola explains how her mother left her, and she is waiting for a response to the message she sent her. They bond over both having lost their fathers, and how the rest of the people in their lives don't seem to want them. Enola tells Tewkesbury that despite his family being wealthy enough to send a detective to find him, someone in his family sent a murderer instead. Enola says that she is sure his father was actually murdered, and that whoever did it must want him dead for the same reason. She also informs him of her findings at Basilweather, and that the branch that nearly killed him had been intentionally cut. Lestrade ambushes them, but Enola notices him and counters. They manage to make it to Enola's room, but struggle to keep the door closed. Enola tells Tewkesbury to go out the window and disappear, as his life will be in jeopardy if he is caught, and there is not enough time for them both to escape. Tewkesbury argues, but Enola orders him to go, holding the door just long enough for him to get away, and is caught by Lestrade . She is turned over to Mycroft, who confiscates the money her mother gave her, and takes her to Miss Harrison's Finishing School for Young Ladies. She is kept locked in her room in between lessons, and tries to remain defiant of the headmistress, though her spirits begin to dwindle. Later, Enola is told that her brother has come to visit her, and she is relieved to see that it is Sherlock. She checks his newspaper for a possible message, and is angry about her situation. Sherlock encourages her to take the lessons to heart, as they may come in handy in future cases. She asks him about Eudoria, and he says he has tracked her trail (albeit by following separate clues) and found the docks one step behind Enola's confrontation with Linthorn, and they discuss the bombs found there. She accuses him of helping Mycroft catch her, and seeing her only as a case, which he denies, and admits that he came because he cares about her. He asks her about the Tewkesbury case, having deduced that she was with the boy on the train. He is impressed with her detective work, he asks if she has solved the mystery yet. He gives her some advice, detective to detective, and also gives her Dash, the pine cone dog, having found it among Eudoria's things, telling Enola that he and Eudoria both find her extraordinary. After Sherlock leaves, Enola looks through the paper, and finds that the Reform Bill is still tied in the House of Lords, and another article about the still missing marquis. Just then a large basket is delivered to Enola, supposedly from Mycroft, but is revealed to be Tewkesbury, having smuggled himself in. Enola is overjoyed to see him, and is relieved that he is alright. He intends to get her out the same way he came in, but Enola alters the plan to get around Miss Harrison's watchful eye. Tewkesbury delivers the basket with Enola inside to Miss Harrison, telling her it's from Mycroft (who she is sweet on), and Enola escapes while Miss Harrison sends the lad away. They steal her motorcar, and Enola tells Tewkesbury that he is being targeted to prevent him from taking his seat in the House of Lords and voting yes on the Reform Bill, and that his uncle (who would inherit the seat and vote no) has the most to gain by killing both his father and him. Inspired by Sherlock's advice, Enola decides to go to Basilweather and confront Sir Whimbrel. They enter, but find the house dark and deserted, and are trapped inside by Linthorn, who was waiting for them and is wielding a shotgun. Enola and the marquis hide in the shadows, and narrowly avoid being shot. Enola jumps the gunman, but is rendered unconscious. Before Linthorn can kill her, Tewkesbury attacks him, knocking his gun away, but is also subdued. Linthorn begins to strangle Tewkesbury as Enola struggles to regain consciousness. She manages to grapple Linthorn, knocking him headfirst into a sharp fixture, killing him. The Dowager enters, and Tewkesbury is heartbroken to discover that it was she who hired Linthorn to kill him and his father. She picks up the shotgun, telling her grandson that she had to prevent him from voting on the Reform Bill. She tells him that she sent his mother and uncle back to London to look for him, and explains that the future of the country depends on his death. She shoots Tewkesbury in the chest in cold blood, seemingly killing him. Enola disarms the Dowager, and mourns over Tewkesbury. However, Tewkesbury wakes up, having only been knocked out from the impact, and reveals that he hid a steel chest plate from one of the suits of armor under his jacket, protecting him from the shot. He rises and tells the Dowager her time is over. Sherlock arrives at Scotland Yard and tells Lestrade to arrest the Dowager, as she is trying to kill the marquis, and had his father murdered. He explains that Sir Whimbrel was away at war and couldn't have done it, but that the Dowager wanted him to stand against the Reform Bill and any other such changes, as the Viscount and his father before him would have voted in favor. Lestrade reveals that Enola has actually solved the case first, impressing Sherlock. Tewkesbury reunites with his mother and uncle, and takes his seat in the House of Lords. Enola sees him off at the gate. They share an emotional farewell, but promise to see each other again soon, and Tewkesbury prepares himself for the final Reform Bill vote. Enola discovers a coded message for her in the paper asking to rendezvous, but upon decoding it, surmises that Sherlock, not Eudoria, has sent it. She disguises herself and goes anyway. Sherlock is indeed waiting for her, but Mycroft says she's outsmarted him. Sherlock offers to take Enola in as his ward once they find her, which Mycroft agrees to, annoyed that with Tewkesbury's vote, the Reform Bill has passed. As they leave, Sherlock notices Dash, but doesn't see Enola, and we see her watch them as they go. She returns to her new boarding house to find her mother waiting for her. Eudoria explains that she wanted to tell Enola where she went, but that it isn't safe and she can't stay too long. She is proud of Enola for saving the marquis, and they briefly reunite before Eudoria leaves again, telling Enola to send her a message if she ever needs help. Enola tells the audience she will have to follow her own path, and that it's time she found her place in the world as a detective, saying that "Our future is up to us". 
 Pokmon Detective Pikachu (2019)651) In a world where people collect Pokmon to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent talking Pikachu who seeks to be a detective. The story begins when ace detective Harry Goodman goes mysteriously missing, prompting his 21-year-old son Tim to find out what happened. Aiding in the investigation is Harry's former Pokmon partner, Detective Pikachu: a hilariously wise-cracking, adorable super-sleuth who is a puzzlement even to himself. Finding that they are uniquely equipped to communicate with one another, Tim and Pikachu join forces on a thrilling adventure to unravel the tangled mystery. Chasing clues together through the neon-lit streets of Ryme City--a sprawling, modern metropolis where humans and Pokmon live side by side in a hyper-realistic live-action world--they encounter a diverse cast of Pokmon characters and uncover a shocking plot that could destroy this peaceful co-existence and threaten the whole Pokmon universe. The Pokmon World is an amazing place filled with hundreds of unique creatures - Pokmon. In Ryme City, Kanto, one of the few English speaking Pokmon in the world, Detective Pikachu, teams up with the son of a missing detective (Tim) to find Tim's dad. BeninjaXYZ In a world where people and pokemon live in harmony. But what happens to the people who cannot become pokemon trainers? Meet Tim Goodman who has a normal life without pokemon. He seeks to find his missing father and unravel the mystery behind the adorable and snarky Pikachu which Tim can understand but others cannot. who seems to be a detective! Join Tim and Pikachu as they try to solve this tricky case and discover what really is going on! reecetackley Tim lives in Ryme city where humans and Pokmon live together. Tim and his friend catches Pokmon to battle with other Pokmon trainers. Tim's father Harry died in a car accident. Tim meets 'Pikachu' a talking Pokmon who wants to become a detective. Tim joins with Pikachu and meets Howard who was Harry partner to study Harry's car accident mystery. Howard reveals that Mewtwo was responsible for Harry's car accident. But at the scene of the car crash and finds out that it was the Greninja (A water type Pokemon), not Mewtwo, who was responsible. Tim finds out that Howard was the true mastermind who took control of Mewtwo's body using a mind helmet. Howard while controlling Mewtwo's body release R gas in air to convert humans into Pokmon. Pikachu battles with Mewtwo with his electrical powers. Tim manages to remove Howard's helmet freeing Mewtwo from mind control. Mewtwo restores the city control and converted Pokmon's back to humans. Mewtwo reveals that Harry was trying to save Mewtwo from Howard's control but was attacked by Greninja resulting in Harry's car accident. So in order to save Harry, Mewtwo has to fuse Harry's body with Pikachu. Mewtwo separates Harry's and Pikachu's body and reunite Tim with his father. Tim becomes a detective and stays back in Ryme City with his father and Pikachu. Aryan Aware Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the Pokmon universe, Tim Goodman is a 21-year-old insurance adjuster who gave up his dream of being a Pokmon trainer following the death of his mother and his estrangement from his father Harry, a police detective. Tim is contacted by the police of Ryme City, a city where humans and Pokmon live together in harmony and Pokmon battles are illegal. He is informed by Harry's friend, Detective Hideo Yoshida, that Harry was killed in a car accident. Tim goes to Harry's apartment to sort things out and meets Harry's police partner, a deerstalker-clad amnesiac talking Pikachu whom only Tim can understand; all others simply hear him say "Pika-Pika." Tim accidentally releases a mysterious purple gas, "R," from a vial he finds in Harry's office; they are then attacked by a party of Aipom[d] who became rabid under the gas's influence. The pair escape and Pikachu explains that after losing his memory following the crash, he believes that Harry also survived the crash as the police never found his body. They meet an informant of Harry's, a Mr. Mime who directs them to an underground illegal Pokmon battle arena. The arena's owner, Sebastian, recognizes Pikachu as the Pokmon who injured his Charizard in a previous battle and demands a rematch. He doses Charizard with "R", stirring it into a violent rage and Pikachu is unable to summon his electrical powers to fight back. While attempting to save Pikachu, Tim knocks Sebastian over and breaks several gas vials in his jacket, sending the arena's Pokmon into a frenzy. The arena is raided by police and Tim is brought to Yoshida, who reveals footage of Harry's crash, explaining that it is impossible for Harry to have survived. Tim and Pikachu are contacted by Howard Clifford, the wheelchair-using founder of Clifford Industries, who created Ryme City as a utopia for Pokmon and humans. Howard reveals that he was Harry's last client and that Harry was abducted by a genetically engineered Pokmon called Mewtwo, who erased Pikachu's memory. He warns Tim that his son Roger is behind the creation of "R" which he requested Harry to look into. Tim and Pikachu recruit aspiring journalist Lucy Stevens and her Psyduck and travel to the abandoned genetics lab Harry was investigating. The lab's personnel had been experimenting on Mewtwo and synthesized "R" from his genes. They are attacked by genetically enhanced Greninja and Pikachu is gravely injured. Tim begs a Bulbasaur to help Pikachu and it leads them to Mewtwo, who heals Pikachu before being captured by Roger. Pikachu remembers that he helped Mewtwo escape from the lab and believes he was responsible for betraying Harry. Not trusting himself, he leaves Tim. Pikachu comes across the crash site and finds evidence that it was the Greninja, not Mewtwo, who were responsible for the crash. In Ryme City during its Anniversary Parade, Howard reveals the captured Mewtwo to Tim, exposing himself as the true mastermind by taking control of Mewtwo's body using a neural-link helmet that places his mind inside Mewtwo while his human body remains in the wheelchair. He explains that Mewtwo can fuse humans and Pokmon, allowing humans to evolve as Pokmon can and become one with them, but this can only be done if the Pokmon is in a confused state, thus the need for "R". Believing this is the future of humankind, Howard releases "R" across the city using parade balloons and begins fusing humans with their Pokmon. Pikachu summons his electrical powers to battle Mewtwo while Tim fights Howard's genetically modified Ditto, who had been impersonating Roger; the real Roger had been tied up and gagged by his father. Tim manages to remove Howard's helmet from his body, freeing Mewtwo from his control. Mewtwo restores the city inhabitants to normal, Howard is arrested, and Roger hires Lucy as a full-time reporter, vowing to fix his father's mistakes. Mewtwo explains that Harry tried to save him from Howard and helped him escape, but was attacked by the Greninja. Pikachu had volunteered to have himself fused with Harry to save his life, the experience erasing both their memories. Mewtwo separates the two and Harry reunites with Tim in his human body. Tim decides to stay in Ryme City to become a detective and spend more time with his father and Pikachu. 
 Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014)541) A spy organisation recruits a promising street kid into the agency's training program, while a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A young man named Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), whose father died when he was a young boy, is dealing with living with the creep his mother is with now, who mistreats her and him. He goes out and does something to one of the creep's friends. He gets arrested and he calls the number a man gave him around the time his father died, to call if he needs help. A man named Harry Hart (Colin Firth) approaches him and tells him he's the one who helped him. He tells him that he knew his father. When the man Eggsy slighted wants some payback, Harry takes care of him and his companions single-handedly. Harry then tells Eggsy that he's part of a secret organization called "The Kingsman", and his father was also part of it. He died trying to make the world safe. Harry offers Eggsy the opportunity to be a Kingsman, and he takes it. He undergoes a gruelling training course. Harry is looking into the demise of another Kingsman, and the trail leads him to tech billionaire Valentine, a.k.a. "V" (Samuel L. Jackson), who is also curious about the group following him, the Kingsman. rcs0411@yahoo.com Agent Harry "Galahad" Hart (Colin Firth) from the Kingsman Secret Service helps troublemaker Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), who is the son of an Agent that saved the lives of Harry and his team, sacrificing himself seventeen years ago. Harry invites Eggsy to be a candidate to the vacancy of a new Agent in the agency, and he is trained by Agent Merlin (Mark Strong) and competes with other candidates. Meanwhile, the Kingsmen investigate the industrialist Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), an insane genius of technology who is plotting a deadly plan with his assistant Gazelle (Sofia Boutella) to save the Earth from global warming, eliminating most of the population with a chip and saving only those that he has chosen. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil During a mission in the Middle East in 1997, probationary Secret Agent Lee Unwin (Jonno Davies) sacrifices himself to protect his superior Harry "Galahad" Hart (Colin Firth). Hart, blaming himself, returns to London to give Lee's widow Michelle (Samantha Womack) and her young son Gary "Eggsy" (Alex Nikolov) a medal engraved with an emergency assistance number. Seventeen years later, Eggsy (Taron Egerton), having dropped out of training for the Royal Marines despite his intelligence and capability, has become a chav. After being arrested for stealing a car, Eggsy calls the number. Hart arranges his release. Hart explains that he is a member of Kingsman, a private intelligence service founded by wealthy British individuals who lost their heirs in World War I. Hart, code-named "Galahad", explains there is a position available, as Agent "Lancelot" was killed by the assassin Gazelle (Sofia Boutella) while trying to rescue Professor James Arnold (Mark Hamill) from kidnappers. Eggsy becomes Hart's candidate. Other candidates are eliminated through dangerous training tests run by operative "Merlin" (Mark Strong), until only Eggsy and Roxy (Sophie Cookson), a candidate he befriended, are left. Eggsy refuses to complete the final test, shooting a Pug puppy he has raised during the training process (unaware that the gun holds blanks), and Roxy is named the new "Lancelot". Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 1997 - A helicopter flies into a compound in the Middle East. Four men apprehend a terrorist leader and tie him to a chair. One of the men, Harry Hart, aka Galahad (Colin Firth) threatens to shoot the terrorist until he gives him answers. The terrorist lifts his head up to reveal a grenade pin in his mouth. Harry's comrade Lee (Jonno Davies) jumps on the terrorist and covers the explosion, sacrificing himself for his partners. Harry's other two partners, Merlin (Mark Strong) and Lancelot (Jack Davenport), remove their masks. After noting Lee's sacrifice, Harry welcomes Lancelot into the Kingsman agency. Harry visits Lee's wife Michelle (Samantha Womack) to inform her of her husband's death. He gives her a medal of valor in Lee's honor, with a number on the back of the medal in case she needs a favor, and to use the phrase "Oxford's not brogues" to let him know it's her. Michelle rejects the medal. Harry then goes over to Lee's young son Gary, aka Eggsy (Alex Nikolov). He hands him the medal. 17 years later in Argentina, Professor James Arnold (Mark Hamill) is being held captive by a group of thugs. There is a knock heard at the door. One thug answers it and finds Lancelot at the front. He shoots the thug and proceeds to fight and kill the rest of the thugs before helping himself to a drink. Another knock is heard at the door. Lancelot goes to answer and is then cut down the middle by a woman with bladed prosthetic legs named Gazelle (Sofia Boutella). She answers the door for her employer, the billionaire Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson). Valentine and Gazelle free Arnold and take him with them. Back in London, Harry goes to a tailor shop that is a front for the Kingsman headquarters. He meets with Merlin and their superior Arthur (Michael Caine). They mourn Lancelot's death and learn that those involved in his death also had ties to incidents in Uganda and Chechnya. We catch up with Eggsy (now played by Taron Egerton), now in his early 20's, living with his mother and her new husband Dean (Geoff Bell), along with Eggsy's baby sister. They live in a ratty flat and are financially insecure. Eggsy goes to the pub with two friends, where they spot Dean's group of goons nearby. They go over to Eggsy's table and bully them into leaving. Outside, Eggsy reveals to his friends that he stole the goon's car keys. They take his car and do donuts in it and drive off, only to come across the police. Eggsy drives the car backwards down a few blocks until he crashes into another car. He tells his friends to run for it so he can handle it. He proceeds to drive into the police car. Eggsy is detained at the police station. He refuses to give up his friend's names and is facing 18 months in prison. He takes out the medal he wears around his neck and calls the number on the back. Eggsy remembers the phrase "Oxford's not brogues", and moments later, he is bailed out by Harry. The two go to the pub where Dean's goons approach Eggsy for more trouble. Harry calmly tells them to leave, but the main goon is rude to him and tells HIM to leave. Harry walks over to the front door and locks it, stating, "Manners maketh man". With the hook of his umbrella, he grabs a glass and swings it at the main thug, and then proceeds to swiftly beat the rest of the thugs, and even make some of them beat each other, to Eggy's surprise. He pats Eggsy on the shoulder and leaves him after being assured that Eggsy won't tell anyone about Harry or what he's just seen. Eggsy returns home, and Dean violently confronts him over what he did with his mate's car. Michelle tries to intervene, but is shoved aside. Harry overhears the struggle through a mic that he placed on Eggsy's shoulder. Harry speaks into it and tells Dean to let Eggsy go or he will report Dean's various crimes to the authorities. Eggsy runs out of the flat and evades Dean's goons yet again. Eggsy goes to the tailor shop after Harry mentioned it to him. He finds Harry, who proposes the Kingsman candidacy to Eggsy. Eggsy decides he's got nothing to lose and joins Harry as they go underground to a shuttle that takes them to meet with the other recruits. Eggsy is quickly befriended by a girl named Roxy (Sophie Cookson). He gets teased by a boy named Charlie (Edward Holcroft) and his buddies. Harry finds Professor Arnold on his way to his class and confronts him over who held him captive. Arnold starts yelling in pain, and his head explodes. Two goons enter the building, forcing Harry to detonate a hand grenade before jumping out the window. He is slightly caught in the explosion and is left in a coma. Valentine learns of Arnold's death and decides to investigate who is looking into them. As the recruits are sleeping, the room starts to fill with water. Everyone but Eggsy swims to the toilets to get pipes and put them in the toilets to have a source of air. Eggsy tries to pull the door open but he can't. He then swims to the mirror and smashes it, releasing the water into the next room where Merlin was overseeing them. Although he commends Roxy and Charlie for going along with the pipes and Eggsy for the mirror, he says everyone failed because they didn't utilize proper teamwork, resulting in one recruit, Amelia (Fiona Hampton), drowning. Valentine and Gazelle meet with the Scandinavian Princess Tilde (Hanna Alstrom) and the Scandinavian Prime Minister (Bjorn Floberg) for dinner as Valentine proposes his plan for controlling climate change to them. The PM is on board, but Tilde thinks Valentine is crazy. Tilde leaves and calls the guards. Gazelle runs out and kills the guards with her prosthetic legs and keeps Tilde captive. The recruits continue their training by having to personally train a bunch of puppies. Eggsy is stuck with a small pug that doesn't properly listen to him, though he becomes attached to it and he names it JB (after Jack Bauer). After Harry recovers, he, Merlin, and Eggsy learn that Arnold had a chip implanted in his neck that resulted in his head exploding. Similarly, the Scandinavian PM had the same implant with a scar under his ear, like Arnold did. Merlin traces this back to Valentine. Eggsy comments that Valentine is a genius, and he shows Harry and Merlin a video of Valentine's latest announcement. He is set to distribute free SIM cards around the world. Valentine is also suspected in the disappearances of numerous world leaders and some celebrities (including Iggy Azalea). Harry goes undercover to Valentine's estate to investigate further into Valentine's plans. The two eat McDonald's for dinner and discuss their admiration for James Bond movies, but Harry doesn't get much information other than seeing one of Valentine's aides carry a pamphlet for a hate group church in Kentucky. The recruits are left down to Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, and three of Charlie's friends. Their next assignment involves them jumping out of a plane and onto a target. Merlin tells them they need to figure out what to do when one of their teammates has no parachute. Panicking, one recruit opens his chute too early. Eggsy has everyone join hands before pulling each others' chutes. Only he and Roxy are left, and they pull Roxy's chute at 300 feet. Merlin lets the others (except Charlie) go. Eggsy meets Harry at the tailor shop where he takes Eggsy into a room filled with various weapons, including a hand grenade that looks like a lighter, a pen that triggers a poison, and a pair of shoes with a poison-tipped blade. As they return to the lobby, they find Valentine and Gazelle in their, with Valentine trying on one of the suits in the shop. On their next assignment, Eggsy, Roxy, and Charlie are sent to speak with a young woman at a nightclub. The three of them get drugged by an interrogator. Eggsy wakes up to find himself tied to the train tracks. The interrogator tries to get Eggsy to tell him about the Kingsmen and Harry, but Eggsy refuses to talk. The train runs over him, but Eggsy is dropped into a little hole. Harry emerges and tells him he and Roxy passed this test. They watch Charlie taking his test, but he refuses to die for the Kingsmen and he is sent home. As part of their last test, Arthur and Merlin tells Eggsy and Roxy, respectively, to shoot their dogs. Eggsy fails to do so, but a gunshot can be heard from Roxy. Arthur sends Eggsy home. Eggsy takes Arthur's car and drives back home, disappointed. He hugs his mother but then sees she has a black eye. Furious, he goes by the pub to find Dean. Eggsy is set to fight him until the car drives itself to Harry's place. He is disappointed with Eggsy for failing his test, and reveals that the gun had a blank in it. He also reveals that Amelia never drowned and that she works with the Kingsmen in Berlin. Roxy, meanwhile, is made the new Lancelot. Harry goes to Kentucky to the hate group church. As he sits and overhears the nasty sermon from the bigoted leader, Harry starts to head to the door. From a few thousand feet away, Valentine and Gazelle sit to activate the signal on the phones in the church from the people who have Valentine's SIM cards. The signal goes live and causes everyone, including Harry, to go into a violent rage and start attacking each other. Harry shoots several people in the head, as well as stabbing, bludgeoning, impaling, and blowing up anyone that tries to attack him, until he is the only survivor. Eggsy, Merlin, and Arthur watch from their respective locations. Outside, Harry finds Valentine and Gazelle waiting for him. Valentine explains that the signal from the SIM cards trigger aggression and repress inhibitors. He then takes out a gun and shoots Harry in the head, killing him. Eggsy screams in horror, while Valentine is appalled at having killed someone. Eggsy goes back to the tailor shop to meet with Arthur. He mentions that Harry had recorded Valentine's confession and pours a drink in Harry's honor, when Eggsy notices that Arthur has an implant scar under his ear. Arthur was swayed by Valentine when he proposed his plan of mass genocide because he thinks that mankind is a virus to the planet, and wiping them out would be beneficial, so he has tried to convince all world leaders to join him in his plan. Arthur toasts to Harry, and he and Eggsy drink. Arthur then takes out his pen to activate the poison that he put in Eggsy's drink, only to find himself dying. Eggsy switched the drinks by distracting Arthur moments earlier by asking him if the paintings on the wall were of former Kingsmen. Arthur dies on the table. Eggsy goes to Merlin and Roxy with the information he's just received, and they head off to stop Valentine's plan from happening. Roxy is sent into the atmosphere with two giant balloons to launch a missile at one of Valentine's satellites, while Merlin and Eggsy infiltrate his base as he hosts a party for everyone involved in his plan. Eggsy uses Arthur's invitation and poses as him to get inside. Eggsy passes a cell with Tilde inside. He asks if she'll give him a kiss if he saves the world. She says they can have anal sex if he succeeds. Eggsy proceeds to go on and save the world. Roxy gets high enough to the satellite, but one balloon already bursts as she is at a very high altitude. She manages to launch the missile before the other balloon bursts, sending her plummeting back to the ground, though she gets her chute out and lands safely. Eggsy finds the Scandinavian PM and tranquilizes him before hacking into his laptop. Charlie then shows up and holds Eggsy with a knife to his throat. Eggsy electrocutes Charlie with the ring on his finger. Eggsy runs back to the plane while evading and shooting through Valentine's gunmen. Meanwhile, the missile hits Valentine's satellite and delays the signal from going live. However, Valentine gets control of another closer satellite and activates the signal with a bio metric scanner, which Merlin is unable to get past. The signal goes live all around the world. People beat each other up in London, Rio de Janeiro, and New York. Michelle is seen trying to break into the bathroom trying to kill her daughter (after Roxy called her and told her to lock her in there following a request from Eggsy). Eggsy is cornered by the gunmen after trying to run back and stop Valentine. Merlin triggers the implants and causes everyone (the gunmen and world leaders) to have their heads explode like fireworks. Eggsy manages to get back to where Valentine and Gazelle are. He shoots at them, momentarily taking Valentine's hand off the scanner and stopping the signal. Gazelle bursts through the glass and tries to kill Eggsy. The two fight until they jump at each other. Gazelle attempts to cut Eggsy with her legs, but Eggsy poisons Gazelle after cutting her with the blade in his shoe. He then pulls off one of her legs and hurls it at Valentine's back, impaling him. Thus, every signal is deactivated for good. Merlin and Roxy congratulate Eggsy for saving the world. He proceeds to grab a bottle of champagne with two glasses, and goes to Tilde's cell to have anal sex with her. As the camera slowly pans down and Eggsy starts to lick Tilde's butt, which prompts Merlin to turn off his video monitor. The initial credits begin, until it cuts to Michelle and Dean in the pub. Eggsy enters, dressed in a fine suit. He tells Michelle that his new job has given him benefits, including a new home for him, Michelle, and his sister to live in, away from Dean. Dean goes to bully Eggsy again with his goons. Eggsy goes to lock the front door and say what Harry once said - "Manners maketh man." He grabs a glass with the umbrella hook and throws it at Dean's face. He then faces the other goons and, with a grin, repeats another statement from Harry - "Are we going to stand around, or are we going to fight?" 
 Match Point (2005)761) At a turning point in his life, a former tennis pro falls for an actress who happens to be dating his friend and soon-to-be brother-in-law. From a humble background and with traditional values, Irish Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) is still struggling financially despite being a recently retired high ranked tennis pro. He has taken a job as a tennis instructor at an upscale London tennis club, although he knows there is a better life for him somewhere down the road. He is befriended by one of his students, wealthy Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode). Chris starts to date Tom's sister, Chloe Hewett (Emily Mortimer), a girl-next-door type who is immediately attracted to Chris. Chloe quickly knows she wants to marry Chris, and through her businessman father, Alec Hewett (Brian Cox), tries to help Chris and their future by getting him an executive job in Alec's company. In his life with the Hewetts, Chris begins to enjoy the finer things in life. Through it all however, Chris cannot help thinking about Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), a struggling American actress who he meets at the Hewett estate and who is Tom's unofficial fiance. Nola is vivacious, and she knows the effect she has on men, including Chris. Unlike Chris, Nola is not accepted by Tom and Chloe's mother, the outspoken Eleanor Hewett (Dame Penelope Wilton). Chris has to decide if he can give up what he has been able to achieve with Chloe and the Hewetts, or if the passion he feels for Nola is stronger than the finer things in life to which he is now accustomed. He may go to any length to have his cake and eat it too. Huggo Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) is a former tennis pro, looking to find work as an instructor. He meets Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode), a well-off pretty boy. Tom's sister Chloe (Emily Mortimer) falls in love with Chris, but Chris has his eyes on Tom's fiance, the luscious Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson). Chris and Nola know it's wrong, but what could be more right than love? Chris tries to juggle both women, but at some point, he must choose between them. Tennis pro Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) takes a job as a tennis instructor and hits it off immediately with one of his students, wealthy young Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode). Tom introduces Chris to his family, and Chris falls quickly into a romance with Tom's sister Chloe (Emily Mortimer). But despite the growing certainty that Chris and Chloe will marry, and the enormous professional and financial advantages that come Chris' way through his relationship with the delighted Hewett family, Chris becomes increasingly intrigued and eventually romantically involved with Tom's fiance, Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), a struggling American actress. Their passionate trysts leave Chris in danger of losing the wealth and position he has now come to enjoy. The only solution to the dilemma seems unthinkable. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Irish former professional player Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers), from the lower class, gets a job as tennis instructor in an upper class club in London. Chris becomes close to his student Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode), who introduces him to his British upper class family, and Tom's sister Chloe (Emily Mortimer) immediately falls in love with him. The ambitious Chris keeps the relationship with Chloe, feeling lust for Tom's fiance, the American aspirant actress Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), and they have a brief affair. Chris gets married to Chloe and climbs to a high position in a company of the Hewett's family, while Tom breaks his engagement with Nola. When Chris meets Nola by chance, he becomes obsessed with her and she becomes his mistress. When Nola gets pregnant and presses him, he balances the financial advantages of his marriage, but he has to make a decision in his life and choose the woman he wants for his companion. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After a B-career in international pro tennis, Irish-commoner-roots player Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) takes a stepstone job as country club instructor. Thus, he befriends gifted pupil Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode), who takes him to the Hewetts' splendid country estate as a family friend, sharing a love for opera. Tom's sister Chloe (Emily Mortimer) becomes his bride, so dad Alec (Brian Cox) arranges a generous job in the family's London City firm. Tom's former fiance, American B-actress Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), nevertheless becomes his mistress. When she gets pregnant, Chris fails to get an abortion and resorts to a desperately radical way out. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Wilton (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) is an ambitious tennis player who can't be bothered to work hard to succeed, although he could have been a real pro. To make ends meet and have the opportunity of meeting wealthy people, he works as a tennis trainer in a high-end London tennis club. He teaches Tom Hewett (Matthew Goode), and becomes quite friendly with him. That's where he starts dating Chloe Hewett, Tom's sister (Emily Mortimer), a boring but willing wealthy girl who falls for him. She's immediately seduced by his witty charm. During some of the family occasions he has to attend to while going out with Chloe, Chris comes to talk to and appreciate blonde American Nola Rice (Scarlett Johansson), a struggling actress who has a cocky and selfish confidence when out of stage but who seems to mess it up every time she is in for an audition. Nola is the girlfriend of Chloe's only brother Tom, and his parents Alec and Eleanor (Brian Cox and Penelope Wilton) disapprove of her. Nola acknowledges that, but she knows that the Hewett parents are keen on Chris, especially because some time ago, Chloe was about to run away with a young squatter, so they think that Chris is a safe option. In a conversation after Nola has auditioned for a theatre part - albeit disastrously, once again - Nola says that the only problem which could prevent Chris marrying into the Hewetts' money is if he made a pass at her. In spite of the fact that Chris knows it's true, he can't resist Nola. They kiss and go out together and make love, while he starts working in an office, a job he got because Chloe asked her father to give Chris a job. A short time afterwards, Chloe and Chris become engaged and they marry. Nola and Tom end up splitting up, though. He starts dating a cousin-in-first-degree of his, a match which is highly approved by the parents of both parties. Chris does well in the office, the company pays for his master studies in Economics and he is promoted. He keeps on seeing Nola, but the relationship starts to become a problem as she is becoming more and more demanding. One day, she drops the bombshell: she is pregnant with Chris's child. At first, Chris tries to convince her to have an abortion, but she won't hear of it: that would be her third abortion, and this time there is no way she's going to put up with it. She wants Chris to get a divorce and marry her. Chris feels more and more pressured about it all. Chloe wants to have a child of her own as well, which is becoming quite stressful for him, as Chloe has difficulties becoming pregnant. The sex which must be made at certain times has become a toll to him, and that was one of the reasons he had to being unfaithful. As Nola hassles and harasses him all over London, Chris has decided to kill her. He plans it all: with a hunting shotgun, he breaks into her flat and tries to make the murder look like a robbery. However, things go wrong, and he will have to kill not only Nola, but also a nosey neigbour who has seen him. The investigation moves on slowly. Nobody at home suspects Chris of having done anything wrong, but detectives Parry and Banner (Steve Pemberton and James Nesbitt), with Inspector Dowd (Ewen Bremner) find Chris's name in Nola's address book, and because of her diaries, they know that Nola and Chris were lovers. Chris has to go down to the police station to be questioned, but on the whole there is not a single strong clue pointing towards him. He has to admit that they used to be lovers to the police officers, but they promise to keep it quiet. The last thing Chris has kept from the day he committed the murder is a ring - which he took to disguise the crime as a break-in, so he gets rid of it throwing it into the River Thames. Unbeknownst to him, the ring does not fall into the muddy waters, but bounces on the metal railing and falls into the pathway of the touristic site. One of the detectives is worried, because the case doesn't completely add up in his mind. During a dream, Nola and the nosey neighbour talk to him and blame Chris. He is about to tell this theory to his co-workers when he is told that the ring has appeared: a drug addict they know has been killed, and he had the ring with him. This detail will save Chris's neck, as it proves that the murders were just somebody else's break-in which went terribly wrong. All doubts concerning Chris are put aside. The detectives laugh about Chris's ordered life, which could have been disrupted by an unintelligent affair. Chris has succeeded: Chloe arrives home from hospital with their baby, nobody has come to know that Chris used to have a lover, and Chris's financial problems are over, as he gets an excellent idea for a business. The last shot of his half-smiling face is unforgivable: there is a person who knows that he can get away with whatever he wants from life, no matter what others do. In a way, he resembles a psychopath. 