nm0003843:

 Happy Birthday to Me (1981)541) At the snobby Crawford Academy, Virginia's group of friends start to go missing years after horrible events that happened to her as a child around her birthday. Virginia Wainwright is a spirited young woman who has returned to a private school having survived a deadly accident and regenerative brain surgery. She is proud that she belongs to the Top Ten - the school's inner circle with the best students - and attempts to resume a normal life. But her friends are falling prey to a grueling series of murders, and soon there will be no one left to attend her 18th birthday party. Could it be her? Striving to rekindle the memory of her nightmarish accident, Virginia suffers from memory loss and traumatic blackouts. We soon learn the horrible truth behind her accident and what is going on before her birthday party... Joseph Henson <gzr@cdc.net> The teenager Virginia Wainwright studies in the traditional Crawford Academy and belongs to a group of wealthy friends named The Top Ten. Virginia had a serious car accident a couple of years ago where her mother died. Now she lives with her father and is psychologically treated by the prominent Dr. David Faraday. She has also frequent blackouts but she is slowly recovering her memory. When one by one of her friends are murdered and disappears, Virginia starts to believe that she is the killer, but Dr. Faraday does not think so. Who might be the serial-killer? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A teenage girl soon starts to suspect that she has something to do with the disappearances of her close pals. She consults her doc who assures her that she is doing very well after a brain surgery. As more and more of her friends gets killed in gruesome ways, she thinks that she is the killer and the only way to clear her mind is to go in the flashbacks before her car accident. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the Crawford Academy campus located in Massachusetts, Bernadette (Lesleh Donaldson) is leaving night classes to meet her friends. After an encounter with the authoritarian headmistress Mrs. Patterson (Frances Hyland), Bernadette gets into her car when she is attacked by someone in the back seat wearing all black clothing and wearing black leather gloves who chokes her. Bernadette momentarily feigns death and manages to slug at her unseen attacker and manages to run out of the car. A minute later, she sees someone she apparently knows where Bernadette says: "thank God, please help me". Suddenly, the unseen person in black pulls out a straight razor and slashes Bernadette's throat. Sometime later that night, at the village inn, a group of students are at a table drinking when Virginia (Melissa Sue Anderson) arrives and joins the group with them wondering at why she was so late in meeting them. Soon, another person shows up whom is the creepy-looking Norman Bates-esque taxidermist, Alfred (Jack Blum). After Rudi (David Eisner) angers the local townies with a prank involving putting Alfred's pet white mouse in someone's cup of beer, the students run outside chased by the townsfolk. Seeing that the nearby drawbridge is coming up, Steve (Matt Craven) says, "Lets play the game". They all plan to drive their cars over the opening bridge. When Virginia, in a car with Greg (Richard Rebiere) and Amelia (Lisa Langlois), goes over the bridge, she screams "Mother!" Visibly upset, she demands the car be stopped, and she gets out and runs away. Virginia walks to a local cemetery where she visits her mother's grave. Another student, named Etienne (Michel-Ren Labelle), offers to walk her home, and Virginia declines. At home, Virginia goes to her room to shower and change her clothes. When she returns to the bathroom, she sees that the recently shut window is now open. She screams in fright as Etienne (who Virginia does not see) jumps down and flees into the night. The next day in chemistry class, the teacher is shocking a pair of frog legs with static electricity, and Virginia flashes back to an operating room, where she is laying on a table with her head wrapped up. She later tells her doctor, David Faraday (Glenn Ford), of the eerie recollection. David tells her that after being injured in an accident, Virginia had been an experiment. She was able to remember something she had previously forgotten due to a regeneration of her damaged brain. David says that she will remember more later. At a dirt bike race, Virginia and her friends are cheering on Etienne, who wins the race. Being the hopeless romantic that he is, he shows Virginia that he won because he had a pair of her underwear next to his heart. Virginia is obviously angry, as is Albert, watching from afar. That night, as Etienne is cleaning his motorbike in his garage, someone approaches him from behind and throws his scarf into the running wheel which pulls his face closer. Then the unseen person revs up the bike, letting the wheel do the rest as it mangles Etienne's face. Later at the village inn, everyone is awaiting Etienne and Alfred. Virginia and Ann (Tracy Bregman) go to find Alfred to find out what "evil deeds he has been up to". They go over to his house and climb through a window into his bedroom and they find Bernadette's severed head on a tray. Alfred is suddenly there and he shows the girls that the head is a fake, calling it his "latest masterpiece". The next day, Virginia and Ann are reprimanded by Mrs. Patterson because she does not believe their claims that they do not know the whereabouts of the missing Bernadette and Etienne. After the group of students view the movie 'High Noon' at the recreational hall, the uninvited Rudi arrives and starts a fight with Steve, who accompanied Maggie (Lenore Zann) (with whom Rudy had been with). Rudi threatens Greg after Greg pulls him away from Steve. That same night, Greg is in his basement lifting weights when the unseen person in black clothing (someone he eventually knows) comes into the room and, at Greg's request, adds more weights. When it is too much, the person refuses to spot Greg, and the person drops a weight onto his crotch, allowing the heavy barbell to fall and crush his throat. The next day, Virginia and Rudi go to the campus bell tower together. Rudi mentions that Virginia is new, but she tells him she was at the academy four years ago for a few weeks. Rudi talks about cutting the bell's rope and brings out his knife, disturbing Virginia. Later, Virginia is with David, flashing back to where her head was cut open in the surgical operation after her accident, and the doctors declared her dead. She tells David about Rudi and the knife, and she panicked and cannot remember anything. David hears about the discovery of a bloody knife at the bell tower and the possibility of foul play. He finds Virginia and tries to persuade her to tell him exactly what happened at the bell tower. Before long, Rudi shows up, and the skull found in the campus garden is only a joke. The students are assembled later by Mrs. Patterson over this practical joke, and Virginia is unsettled and goes to the cemetery again to sit at her mother's grave. She is followed by Alfred who continues to spy on her. But when Alfred gets close, Virginia turns around and stabs him to death with a pair of garden sheers. The next morning, Virginia's father, Hal (Lawrence Dane), is leaving town for a business trip, but be promises to be back on Sunday which is Virginia's 18th birthday. At a school party, Virginia invites Steve over to his place now that her father is out of town. At Virginia's house, while dining on shish kabob by the fireplace, Virginia is feeing Steve when she suddenly shoves the metal bar into his mouth and kills him. The next morning, Ann arrives and tells Virginia, "I wanna hear all the gory details about you and Steve last night". Virginia says that she doesn't remember anything after she came home with Steve and does not know where he is. As Virginia is showering, she flashes back to a rainy night with her irate mother Estelle (Sharon Acker). As they are driving on the drawbridge, it opens, and the car they are in falls into the river. Virginia manages to get out of the car, but her mother drowns. In trying to swim to the surface, Virginia suffers a severe head injury when she hits her head against the bottom of a barge passing over the submerged car under the bridge. Virginia awakens to a bathroom flooded with water and she sees that Ann is dead in the overflowing bathtub. Frantic, Virginia calls Dr. David Faraday who arrives over, but when they go into the bathroom, Ann's body is no longer there. He tells Virginia that he will stay the night and he eludes the police who show up at Virginia's house looking for the missing Ann. David tells Virginia that she must remember what happened to her the evening before her car accident. In a flashback, Virginia remembers that her mother wanted Virginia to have a birthday party at the old guest cottage that sits behind Virginia's house, but none of the other students showed up because there was a birthday party at Ann's house. Virginia's mother is angry and she drove with Virginia over to Ann's house and demanded to be let inside. When she is denied access, Virginia's mother yells from the front gate: "I can't be bought off again!" Virginia, distressed, runs out of the room, only to return a minute later with a fireplace poker which she uses to beat David to death. A little later that evening, Virginia's father, Hal, finally comes home and sees blood all over Virginia's bedroom and runs outside looking for his daughter. After finding David's corpse in the bushes, the father heads to the cottage in the back of the house and discovers, all around a table, the dead bodies of all the students, Bernadette, Etienne, Greg, Alfred, Steve, Ann, along with the decomposing corpse of Virginia's mother stolen from the grave. Virginia walks into the room with a birthday cake with fully lighted candles and singing "happy birthday to me". Virginia blows out the candles and puts a birthday hat on her father as he sits down at the table and sobs. Virginia takes out a large cake knife and offers to cut a slice of cake for him. When Hal does not respond, Virginia suddenly slashes his throat. Virginia next walks over to Ann, lying face down at the table, and lifts up her head. It is actually Virginia at the table wearing Ann's clothes. She awakens, looks up, and immediately struggles with her evil twin who says: " I did it all for you, sister!" Virginia eventually grabs the evil Virginia's face... tearing off a latex mask and reveals Ann standing there. Ann tells Virginia that she would drug her and dress up like her and kill people while disguised as Virginia. When Virginia asks Ann "why", Ann tells her that Virginia's mother was really Ann's father's mistress (which means that the two of them are really half sisters). Ann tells Virginia that Virginia's mother would not let Ann's father ever forget it. Virginia suddenly turns against Ann for killing all her friends and eventually stabs her. As Ann falls to the floor, she tells Virginia that that it doesn't matter if she didn't kill her for she had orchestrated this whole thing to frame Virginia for all the killings. Just as Ann dies, a police officer walks in as Virginia is standing there before Ann's dead body holding the bloody cake knife. "Dear God, what have you done?!" the policeman exclaims. Virginia drops the cake knife and realizes (way too late) that the insane and murderous Ann had indeed gotten her final revenge because it is strongly implied that Virginia will be arrested and get blamed for all the killings that Ann actually did... with no possibility now to prove her innocence. 
 Meatballs (1979)321) Wacky hijinks of counselors and campers at a less-than-average summer camp. Rudy goes to summer camp full of rowdy teenagers. The head counselor is Tripper Harrison, the prank pulling, girl seducing, fun lover, teasing both his boss and the counselors at the nearby rich kids camp. He and everyone else are sick and tired of always losing the Camp Olympics every year, and Tripper must encourage all campers to try their hardest, and even convince young Rudy that this may be his chance to feel better about himself. Wallace Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Very early in the morning at Camp North Star, an alarm clock wakens the head counselor, Tripper. He dons a kid's space cadet helmet and switches on the camp's PA system. His public service announcement informs the camp's counselors that they should get out of bed and report to for their assigned duties. He also expects that the summer session at the camp will be fun. Tripper forgets to turn the microphone off and takes it into the bathroom with him. The sound of a toilet flushing is heard across the camp. The other counselors are seen doing landscaping, painting, replacing windows and generally getting the camp ready. At the rendezvous for the campers, Tripper has his staff gather the kids and get them on the buses. Some of the kids have bad attitudes and have to be threatened with bodily harm. One of the counselors, Spaz, a nerdy type with taped-together glasses, is met by some counselors from North Star's rival summer camp, Mohawk. They seize his milkshake and pour it over his head. A news reporter is doing a story on Mohawk, which has a much richer budget, a long waiting list, stringent approval standards and seems like a luxury for its campers. Tripper talks to the reporter, posing as Mohawk's program director and gives him bogus information about the camp's activities, including "Sexual Awareness Week" when prostitutes are brought into the camp and the campers earn prizes for cavorting with as many as they can. Among the campers is a young kid named Rudy. Shy and lacking in self-confidence, he doesn't want to go to camp but his father insists. The buses bring the campers to North Star where they're assigned to their counselors and cabins. The head of the camp is Morty, a clumsy but likeable leader. He hands Tripper a list of rules for the camp, which Trip promptly tears up and throws in a trash bin. At chow, the camp's gossip expert informs everyone that several romances are brewing or continuing among the counselors, much to their embarrassment. Rudy participates in his first ever soccer game and accidentally scores on his own goalie. He's ridiculed and stalks off hurt. He packs his things and walks to the nearby town to catch a bus home. Tripper shows up and talks to Rudy in a kind tone, telling him that he just needs to make a few friends and he'll have a great summer. If anyone gives him any trouble, Trip tells him to go directly to him. Rudy and Tripper become friends, Rudy joining him for morning runs and staying up late to play cards - Tripper is no match for the budding card shark in Rudy, who takes home nearly all the peanuts they'd been using for wagers. Seeing a few good character traits in Rudy, Tripper later puts him in charge of making the PA announcements while he takes the counselors-in-training (CITs) on an overnight trip. At the overnight, Tripper and the other head counselor, Roxanne, become closer, despite Tripper's previous unwanted advances. North Star heads over to Camp Mohawk for the annual basketball game. North Star has continually lost to the ringer athletes of Mohawk, who also cheat to win. With his team many points in the hole, Tripper tells them they can lose with self-respect: at the next tip-off, the North Star players yank the shorts of their rivals down to their ankles and run. Joined by the North Star spectators and Tripper, they make it to their bus and triumphantly race back to their camp, Tripper proclaiming "This is the proudest day in North Star history!" Parent's Day arrives, with Morty, his bed and his nightstand hung from a tree near the camp's entrance as a prank by Tripper and his CITs. Rudy's father is unable to come to the event and he spends the day jogging with Tripper around the woods. The big event of the summer is the Olympiad that takes place between Mohawk and North Star. North Star has lost consistently to Mohawk for the past 13 years, primarily because they can't match the skill of the Mohawk athletes but also because Mohawk is notorious for cheating. Beating North Star at several events, Mohawk takes an early and seemingly insurmountable lead in points. When all hope seems lost, Tripper rallies everyone in the camp. North Star begins to cheat just as cleverly as Mohawk does and they begin a solid comeback, winning in a speed swimming event, a wrestling match, the sauce/teacup contest (won by the klutzy Spaz) and in the hot dog eating contest, where the chubby CIT Fink is able to beat Mohawk's champion, The Stomach, while Tripper frantically coaches him and massages his stomach. Morty announces that they're only 20 points behind Mohawk and can win with the final event, a short, cross-country run. Unfortunately, North Star's best runner, Jackie, was fouled during the field hockey game by two Mohawk players and is out with a broken ankle. Tripper volunteers Rudy, saying he's been running with him all summer and is in shape enough to win. Rudy immediately objects but Tripper tells him he has the utmost confidence in him. He tells him that he probably can't outrun Mohawk's runner on the open road but when the course enters the woods, he can outpace him because he's smaller and able to avoid a lot of the foliage. The run begins and Rudy paces his opponent steadily until they enter the woods. Rudy takes off, outdistancing his opponent, gaining a solid lead. When they hit the homestretch, Rudy is able to keep his lead and finishes the victor. The camp rallies to Rudy as the camp champion. Tripper and Roxanne escort Rudy back to his cabin that night where Rudy is greeted heartily by his mates. Tripper takes the CITs to a final campfire where they all drink champagne to celebrate their victory with Morty. They all sing a song about the more rotten aspects of being camp counselors. Tripper talks to Roxanne about moving in with him back home. Roxanne says she'll join him. The next morning, everyone prepares to go home. Rudy is asked by one of his mates if he'd like to come to a camp his father is opening. Rudy turns him down, saying he'll return to North Star. Roxanne suggests they say goodbye to Morty: out on the lake, Morty has been placed on a raft with his bed and nightstand to drift until he wakes up. Tripper gathers everyone together for the ride out, taking Roxanne with him on his motorcycle. On the lake, Morty wakes up to find he's stranded while the credits roll. 
 Traders (19962000)Summaries Set in the Toronto-based investment house Gardner/Ross, "Traders" explores the intimate lives and loves of investment bankers whose high-stakes decisions and sizzling alliances can have grave international consequences. In the setting of the Toronto-based investment house, Gardner/Ross, Traders explores the intimate lives and loves, the mystique and monetary machinations of investment bankers whose high-stakes decisions and sizzling alliances can have grave international consequences. Cale McCallum <calem@compmore.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Babyface (1998)Summaries A 13 year old with an over-sexed mother starts an affair with her mother's live-in boy friend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 