nm0007464:

 Crazy Jones (2002)Summaries Crazy jones is the story of Finnigan Jones, a depressed, semi-suicidal leaf-blower with Tourette's Syndrome (T.S.). He has no life (lives at home with his mother) and no reason to live. During the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40; and now, as Jones approaches his 40th birthday, he suffers from "survivor's guilt." His mother wants a normal life for herself and Finnigan. She's willing to put him through just about anything to "cure" him of T.S., with pills, counseling, electro-shock therapy, etc. Mom's also concerned about Finn's future - who will care for him? So, in addition to curing him she's also trying to get him married off to a "good, strong, responsible" woman. What Jones needs, however, is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is. Then he meets Syd, a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair. Syd does accept him and befriends him and shows him how to live. Because of her Finn is finally able to accept himself. With her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character. He becomes the man he always should have (and could have) been. What he doesn't know, however, is that Syd has a tragic secret. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 GuttersnipesSummaries A teen homeless girl finds an abandoned 12 year-old autistic girl on the streets and tries to find a way to care for her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Malignant (I) (2013)Summaries After the death of his wife, a grieving man becomes the victim of a horrific experiment to cure his addiction. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Europa (I) (2011)Summaries A false imprisoned war hero is sent to the moon of Jupiter to man a submarine and retrieve an earth-saving bacteria, but has to deal with his own guilt and a cheeky female scientist that insists he do it for the right reasons. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 