nm0005030:

 Imprisoned (2018)Summaries Dylan attempts to move on from his former life as a criminal, with his true love, Maria. He soon realizes that his past will continue to haunt him, when he learns the new local prison warden has not forgiven him for an old crime. Dylan Burke has made many mistakes in his former life as a small-time criminal, but he put his dark past behind him when he found the love of his life, Maria. Dylan now works as an open water fisherman, while Maria runs a quaint seaport coffee shop. It is the idyllic life they both never dreamed they'd achieve. But when the local prison warden, Daniel Calvin, realizes Dylan is the man who caused his wife's death twenty-five years ago he'll stop at nothing to have his rightful revenge, including framing Dylan for murder and having him locked away under the warden's charge. In the thriller, IMPRISONED, Dylan Burke (Juan Pablo Raba), attempts to move on from his former life as a criminal, with his true love, Maria (Juana Acosta). He soon realizes that his past will continue to haunt him, when he learns the new local prison warden, Daniel Calvin (Laurence Fishburne), has not forgiven him for an old crime. Calvin does everything in his power to make sure that Burke pays for his past mistakes, even going as far as to frame him for a murder he didn't commit, landing him back in jail. When the prison erupts into a riot, Burke and Calvin are each forced to make a choice between righteousness and revenge. Mickey Martinez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Is Us (20162022)Summaries A heartwarming and emotional story about a unique set of triplets, their struggles and their wonderful parents. Rebecca Pearson once had a difficult pregnancy with triplets. The resulting births occurred on the same day as her husband Jack Pearson's thirty-sixth birthday. The lives of Rebecca, Jack and their three offspring - Kevin, Kate and Randall - are presented at different points in time. The Rebecca and Jack stories generally take place during the early stage of their marriage, surrounding the birth of the three children or at different phases of the children's upbringing, which was not always smooth sailing for any of the five. Separate stories concerning Kevin, Kate and Randall are also presented in their adult years, each who has his or her own baggage resulting from that upbringing: Kevin who was generally the neglected one because he had no outward issues; Kate who has always had weight issues; Randall, the gifted one, being the visible outsider and being the "non-K" child. These stories may demonstrate the emotional ties that exist not only because of being family, but also because of four of them having the same birthday and some of them having always been together, meaning since conception. Huggo The Pearson family's generational story unfolds in this emotional drama. In moments of love, joy, triumph and heartbreak, revelations emerge from parents Jack and Rebecca's past, while triplets Kate, Randall and Kevin discover deeper meaning in their present day lives. Successful businessman and father Randall searches for information about his biological parents. Kate finds love and self-acceptance while battling obesity. Kevin pursues a more meaningful career, which brings some difficult choices. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Generation Kill (2008)Summaries A Rolling Stone reporter, embedded with The 1st Recon Marines chronicles his experiences during the first wave of the American-led assault on Baghdad in 2003. Following multiple recon marines during the invasion of Iraq in 2003, a group of mixed personalities, you see the dysfunctionality of the military, and on other times, how formalized and heroic it can be. A Rolling Stones reporter joins reconnaissance marines invading Iraq and recounts the mix of horrors and hilarity he encounters during his time there. Ernie Mastroianni The story of 1st Marine Reconnaissance Battalion's participation in the second Allied invasion of Iraq, in 2003. Seen through the eyes of Rolling Stone reporter Evan Wright, who was embedded with the Battalion and upon whose book the series is based. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Castle (20092016)Summaries After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle receives permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. Richard "Rick" Castle is a millionaire playboy who recently killed off his main character when a serial killer starts killing people like he does in his books. He teams up with New York police detective Kate Beckett to solve the case. He finds inspiration in Detective Beckett and starts shadowing her for his next book. After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle gets permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. A "guy's guy", he proves popular with the male team members, but immediately offends the sensibilities of the team leader, Detective Kate Beckett. Though she'll never admit it, he slowly wins her over with his innovative approach to crime solving. He brings to the table skills the others don't have: contacts in Manhattan high society, free-form creative thinking, and years of developing believable fictional characters that have inadvertently molded him into a natural criminal profiler. But life is not all crime fighting adventure for this wealthy playboy: his relationship with Beckett becomes even more strained when he unveils a new series of detective novels featuring a racy character based on her, and his home life is dominated by his mother (a fading Broadway diva) and his whip-smart teen-aged daughter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 