nm0008434:

 Alice & Charlie (2006 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deuxime vie (2000)Summaries 1982: World Soccer Cup: France against Germany.France looses the match and it's a national drama.Vincent , a 30 years old, is an immature man.When Laure asks him to build with her a family, Vincent is not able to take a decision.This night Vincent is victim of a car accident who sends him 16 years later on July 12th 1998.Just the night before the great soccer match France against Brazil for the World Soccer Cup 1998.Vincent is now in a new world: Jacques Chirac is president and there are a lot cybercafes.Besides he is married with Sonia, has a daughter and general manager of an important company. zutterjp48 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La bande du drugstore (2002)Summaries Set in Paris during the 1960s, a group of stylish teenagers hang out at a club called the Drugstore. Set in Paris during the 1960s, a group of stylish teenagers hang out at a club called the Drugstore. Shy Philippe wants to meet a girl but he doesn't know how to go about it. Experienced Nathalie invites him and his friend Marc to the birthday party of the also quite shy Charlotte. Philippe and Charlotte develop a strong interest in each other, but neither one seems to know what to do about it. Philippe also tries to pick up girls with his friend Pierre, while Nathalie finds herself attracted to Charlotte's father. Ulf Kjell Gr It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fracasss (2008)Summaries Pedro hesitates between college and his part-time job as a cannabis dealer and other substances ...Jean-Paul hesitates, for 6 years, out of his home, lest we discover that he lives on the allowances of his deceased grandfather; so his friends took the opportunity to make their favorite squat ...Alice has just discovered love and takes the opportunity to give lessons to guys and her ex particular, Olivier, great flirty and mythomaniac before the eternal, spends his time to connect girls but especially to take rakes .. . Anonymous. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 