nm0001830:

 Jane Eyre (2011)431) A mousy governess who softens the heart of her employer soon discovers that he's hiding a terrible secret. After a bleak childhood, Jane Eyre (Mia Wasikowska) goes out into the world to become a governess. As she lives happily in her new position at Thornfield Hall, she meets the dark, cold, and abrupt master of the house, Mr. Edward Rochester (Michael Fassbender). Jane and her employer grow close in friendship and she soon finds herself falling in love with him. Happiness seems to have found Jane at last, but could Mr. Rochester's terrible secret be about to destroy it forever? Mel Bellis in the U.K. Jane Eyre (Mia Wasikowska) flees Thornfield House, where she works as a governess for wealthy Mr. Edward Rochester (Michael Fassbender). The isolated and imposing residence, and Mr. Rochester's coldness, have sorely tested the young woman's resilience, forged years earlier when she was orphaned. As Jane reflects upon her past and recovers her natural curiosity, she will return to Mr. Rochester, and the terrible secret that he is hiding. Focus Features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 19th century England, young orphan Jane Eyre (Amelia Clarkson), resides with her wealthy but unloving Aunt Reed (Sally Hawkins), the wife of Jane's late maternal uncle. Jane's cousins taunt and abuse her, and Jane is looked upon with disdain by everyone in the house. After reaching her breaking point and physically attacking her cousin, she is sent to Lowood School where dozens of girls are forced to live a meager and miserable life and are frequently beaten in the name of piety. While there, Jane is befriended by classmate Helen Burns (Freya Parks). Jane is heartbroken when Helen, the only kind person she had ever known, dies of consumption. Years later, 18-year-old Jane becomes a teacher at Lowood. She finally departs when she finds employment as a governess to a little girl living at Thornfield Hall, a large estate miles away. Upon her arrival, Jane is greeted by the housekeeper, Mrs. Fairfax (Judi Dench) who explains to her that the master of Thornfield Hall, Edward Fairfax Rochester, is rarely at home and has a somewhat gruff demeanor, but is a good-hearted man. Jane begins lessons with her pupil, Adele Varens (Romy Settbon Moore), a French girl whose late mother was affiliated with Rochester (it is insinuated that Adele might be their illegitimate daughter). Jane is happy to be living with good people in a comfortable home at last. After three months at Thornfield, Jane is sent to post a letter. As she walks through the woods, she is startled by a man on horseback galloping by, who falls and injures his leg. Jane assists the man back onto his horse, not knowing that he was, in fact, Mr. Rochester himself. That evening, Jane is called in to meet Rochester (Michael Fassbender), who has returned home and is nursing his sore leg. He speaks very bluntly and does not bother to sugar-coat any coarse phrases, but is taken with Jane's forward honesty and insightful observations. Jane is confused but quietly intrigued by his mysterious persona and apparent fearlessness. Late one night, Jane is woken by a strange laugh from the corridor outside her bedroom door. She goes to the hallway and sees smoke pouring from Mr. Rochester's room.Seeing his bed in flames with he still lying in it, she hurriedly wakes him and assists him in extinguishing the fire. She explains the noise she had heard, and he leaves quickly to address it, without telling her what caused it. When he returns, he solemnly thanks Jane for saving his life, saying that he saw a goodness in her when he first met her. Rochester leaves abruptly the next morning and is gone for weeks. He returns with several guests, including Blanche Inrgam (Imogen Poots), a beautiful and accomplished young woman from a prominent family. Mrs. Fairfax explains that Blanche is "a great favorite" of Mr. Rochester, and expects that they will soon be engaged. Jane is quietly jealous, and is nervous when Rochester insists on her presence in the drawing room with the guests after dinner. She sits with Adele and is completely ignored by the wealthy guests, who callously joke about their disdain for governesses. Insulted, Jane slips from the room but is followed by Rochester, who notices the tears in her eyes before she retreats upstairs. Immediately afterward, Rochester is visited by an old acquaintance, Richard Mason (Harry Lloyd). Mason's motive for visiting is not revealed, but he is brutally stabbed in the dead of night by an unseen culprit. Rochester sends the guests back to their rooms, and enlists Jane to help aid Mason while they wait for the doctor. The weakened Mason is sent off with the doctor the following morning, and Jane asks who had been the violent attacker. Rochester explains that he cannot tell her. He then speaks cryptically of the woman he loves, who Jane assumes to be Blanche Ingram. It is clear that Rochester is speaking of Jane, but neither one admits to it. Jane is flattered by the attention nonetheless. Jane receives news that her cousin John Reed, who had been her principal tormentor as a child, had squandered his fortune and committed suicide. The shock had brought on a stroke in Aunt Reed, who is in critical condition and requesting to speak to Jane. Despite her resentment toward her abusive former guardian, Jane travels to her old home to visit her aunt. Mrs. Reed produces a letter, dated three years earlier, from Jane's uncle John Eyre who lived on a wealthy estate in Madeira. He wished to adopt his niece as his own and leave her all his possessions upon his death. Jane, who had always been told that she had no living blood relatives, was not given the letter. Reed had written back, telling John Eyre that Jane had died of typhus at school. Jane finally writes a return letter, assuring her uncle that she is very much alive and is relieved to have a living relative. Though furious at this act of deceit, Jane gives her aunt "full and free forgiveness" and returns to Thornfield. She is greeted amiably by Rochester, to whom she had grown close over the span of her employment. Mrs. Fairfax later tells her that Rochester has dropped hints of marriage, ordering jewels from his bank and singing joyfully around the house. Both women assume he intends to marry Blanche Ingram, and Jane is inwardly distressed. She speaks to Rochester primly, saying that she must leave Thornfield and find another situation before he is married. Rochester finally reveals that he is in love with Jane, not Blanche, and begs the stunned governess to marry him. After the proposal sinks in, an elated Jane accepts. Mrs. Fairfax, startled by the news, warns Jane to keep her wits about her until the wedding. On the day of their marriage, Rochester is strangely impatient and quickly marches Jane to the church for a private ceremony. Before they can say their vows, they are interrupted by a lawyer and Richard Mason, who insist that the marriage be cancelled as Rochester is already married. Jane is shocked to learn the secret: 15 years earlier, Rochester had been in an arranged marriage to Mason's sister, the beautiful but mentally disturbed Bertha (Valentina Cervi). Over the years, Bertha grew more and more insane and violent. To protect her from the cruel treatment she would receive at an asylum, Rochester concealed his wife in a secret room at Thornfield behind a curtain in his own bedroom. She was looked after by a servant, Mrs. Poole, who had dozed off the night of the fire, which was set by Bertha herself. It was Bertha's crazed laugh that had woken Jane and ultimately saved Rochester's life. Jane is taken to the secret room at Thornfield, where Bertha attacks Rochester after seeing Jane in a wedding gown. Jane is horrified and shocked. She changes back into her plain dress and meets once more with Rochester, who tearfully begs her forgiveness. Jane is agonized by her decision to leave Thornfield rather than to be with a married man, though she still loves Rochester. In tears, she escapes from the house on foot. After miles of walking, she collapses at a doorstep in the rain and is taken inside by the tenants, St. John Rivers (Jamie Bell) and his two sisters. They nurse the weak and sickly Jane back to health, and she gives her name as "Jane Elliott," saying nothing of her time at Thornfield. Rivers, a young minister, gives Jane a job teaching village girls at a small parish school he had established. Though the pay is low, Jane is given a small cottage of her own and begins to enjoy her work and three new friends despite her dashed hopes of being Rochester's wife. Rivers visits Jane one night and calmly reveals that he knows her true identity. He delivers the news that her uncle, John Eyre, had died and left his entire estate to Jane as promised. Stunned that she is now worth 20 thousand pounds, Jane insists on sharing her new found wealth with St. John and his sisters. Soon afterward, St. John asks Jane to marry him and accompany him to India for his missionary work. Jane loves him only as a brother, and is put off by his businesslike approach to marriage. She finally resolves to return to Thornfield. Jane is horrified to see Thornfield Hall reduced to a scorched shell. After meeting with Mrs. Fairfax, Jane is told the story of the most recent fire: It was started by Bertha, whose condition had deteriorated even further. Rochester ensured that all the other inhabitants were safely out of the house, and then returned to the inferno to rescue Bertha who had gone up to the roof. He begged her to come down, but she jumped to her death. Rochester escaped the fire, but was blinded. Jane is heartbroken at the news of his suffering. She finds him sitting outside and quietly approaches, leading to a tearful reunion, with Jane and Rochester overjoyed that they can be together at last. 
 Book of Blood (2009)211) A paranormal expert discovers a house that is at the intersection of so-called "highways" transporting souls in the afterlife. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story centers on a paranormal expert who, while investigating a gruesome slaying, finds a house that is at the intersection of "highways" transporting souls to the afterlife. Based on the wraparound story penned by Clive Barker in the author's "Books of Blood" collection, a psychic researcher, Mary Florescu, has employs medium Simon McNeal to investigate a haunted house. McNeal, at first, begins to fake his visions, but then real ghosts present themselves. They attack him and carve words in his flesh, and these words, claims the narrator, form the rest of the stories, stories written on a literal, living Book of Blood. 
 Young Sherlock Holmes (1985)431) When assorted people start having inexplicable delusions that lead to their deaths, a teenage Sherlock Holmes decides to investigate. Sherlock Holmes (Nicholas Rowe) and John Watson (Alan Cox) meet as boys in an English Boarding school. Holmes is known for his deductive ability even as a youth, amazing his classmates with his abilities. When they discover a plot to murder a series of British business men by an Egyptian cult, they move to stop it. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Paired with the owlish, reticent young John Watson (Alan Cox), Sherlock Holmes (Nicholas Rowe) embarks on the solution of a mystery that involves a hallucinatory and lethal drug, and a religious cult celebrating ancient Egyptian rites of mummification. They all enter and view, from a hiding place, an Ancient-Egyptian-themed cult, known as the Rame-Tep (also known as Rametep and Ramatep), performing a ceremony in which a young girl is hypnotized, wrapped in linen, and killed with the pouring of boiling wax atop her body. The trio gets spotted, and are each hit by a thorn and experience their own horrific hallucinations in a graveyard, but eventually recover. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in late 19th century London one evening. A hooded figure raises a blowpipe and shoots a dart into an older businessman named Bentley Bobster ( Patrick Newell ) outside a restaurant. He shakes the sting off thinking it an insect. After ordering dinner, however, he suffers a terrifying hallucination in which his dinner, a roasted bird, attacks him. He shakes this off, and returns to his third-floor flat. Another hallucination appears, however, leading him to believe that his apartment is on fire. He throws himself out the window and is killed when he hits the ground in an apparent suicide. The credits roll. The scene switches to a boy's school in London were the teenage John Watson ( Alan Cox ) is a new student at the Brompton Academy. As he moves into the dorm he finds the next bunk over is occupied by the teenage Sherlock Holmes ( Nicholas Rowe ). The two become friends and Holmes introduces Watson to Professor Waxflatter ( Nigel Stock ), a retired teacher with rooms and a laboratory in the school's attic. Waxflatter is bit of a mad inventor who is constantly testing a human-powered flying machine. Holmes also introduces Watson to Elizabeth ( Sophie Ward ), Waxflatter's teenage niece who shares his rooms and has a budding romantic relationship with Holmes. As we follow Holmes and Watson we see them attend a fencing class. The teacher, Professor Rathe ( Anthony Higgins ), chooses Holmes as his opponent in a demonstration match. Though Holmes does well, Rathe eventually defeats him. Rathe complements Holmes on the match, but warns him that he lets his emotions get the best of him and it leads him to make rash moves and ultimately lose. We see a second attack take place: The hooded figure enters a church and shoots a dart into the sole occupant, the Reverend Duncan Nesbitt ( Donald Eccles ). The reverend hallucinates that the stained glass figure of a knight jumps from its window and chases him down the aisle. He runs through the front doors and out into the street where he is run over by a horse-drawn carriage and dies. One evening a suspicious character comes to visit Waxflatter and the professor asks the teenagers to leave the room. Holmes has noticed that Waxflatter has circled articles in the paper dealing with the mysterious deaths of the businessman and the reverend. He begins to suspect that the three things are connected. His suspicions are confirmed when Waxflatter, a few days later, seems to go crazy in a curiosity shop, grabs a knife and kills himself. Watson, who is outside of the shop immediately afterwards, is bumped by a hooded figure that drops a blowpipe. Watson picks it up and shows it to Holmes. Holmes wants to investigate, but unfortunately a fellow student has framed him for cheating and he is expelled from the school. With Elizabeth's permission, however, he hides in Waxflatter's old rooms and enlists Watson as his ears and eyes in the investigation as he must be careful about being seen in the area. Elizabeth connects Watson's story of a hooded figure with that of an incident earlier on where her dog chased a hooded figure through the school courtyard tearing a piece of cloth off its cloak. Holmes takes the cloth and analyzes it. He finds wax on it is made only by the firm "Froggit and Froggit" located in a less than reputable part of London. He and Watson also find out that the blowpipe seems to be Egyptian and related to a cult. The three travel to the firm and get inside the building. There they find a stockroom housing a pyramid several stories tall. Inside the pyramid is the reproduction of an Egyptian temple. A ceremony run by the secret Egyptian cult is beginning. While Elizabeth and Watson watch from the safety of a small hidden room that overlooks the temple, Holmes climbs down to gather evidence. The ceremony reaches a climax when a drugged teenage girl is wrapped up like a mummy, placed in coffin and covered with hot wax released by a priest wearing a headpiece that looks like the Egyptian god Anubis. Realizing the girl will be killed, Holmes tries to intervene, but he is outnumbered and he, Watson and Elizabeth are forced to flee from the building. They are chased by the members of the cult who manage to shoot darts into all three of them. The three try to hide in a cemetery, but are overcome by hallucinations. Holmes ties Elizabeth up so she cannot hurt herself, but finds himself overcome with illusions concerning his parents. Watson finds himself contending with an illusion of dessert pastries that attack him and stuff themselves down his throat. Holmes manages to shake off the hallucination, but then sees an Egyptian with a sword about to attack him. At first he thinks this is an illusion too, but suddenly finds it is real and he is forced to defend himself. Fortunately the cemetery watchman, armed with a shotgun, intervenes and saves him. The three are taken before police Sergeant Lestrade ( Roger Ashton-Griffiths ). Holmes earlier tried to convince the detective that the three deaths were connected, but Lestrade dismissed his observations. Holmes tries again, giving Lestrade the three darts to be tested, but the detective throws the teenagers out. He is about to throw the darts out too, when he pricks himself on one of the points. The three teenagers head back to Waxflatter's attic. There Watson finds a drawing of a group of men in their 20s. Holmes recognizes three of them as the young Waxflatter, the Reverend, and Bobster. A fourth figure, a wealthy man named Cragwitch ( Freddie Jones ), is the mysterious stranger who visited Waxflatter. Holmes decides they need to talk to him. Before he can act on this Professor Rathe enters the room, followed by Mrs. Dribb ( Susan Fleetwood ), the school nurse. Rathe is angry at Holmes for disobeying the order to go home, and Watson and Elizabeth for hiding him. The boys are locked in a room until they can be sent away. Elizabeth is put in the care of Mrs. Dribb. The room does not hold Holmes for long and he and Watson are off to see Cragwitch. The man is at first suspicious and greets them with a shotgun. However, Holmes is able to convince them they are there to help and Cragwitch invites them in and spills the story. The men in the picture were part of a group that decided to build a hotel in Egypt. The project failed, but not before it had desecrated the cult's underground temple and destroyed the mummies of five young princesses held sacred by the cult. Husband and wife leaders of the cult were also killed and their small children ( a girl and a boy) vowed that when they grew up they would seek revenge on the men, rebuild the cult and replace the mummies of the princesses. All the men, except Cragwitch are now dead. As Cragwitch is explaining this a hooded figure hits him with a dart from the window. Holmes and Watson try to subdue Cragwitch, but he is about to kill Holmes when he is knocked cold by Lestrade who has arrived just in time. The detective decided there was something to Holmes's story after all when the pinprick of the dart gave him a hallucination and he nearly killed himself. With Cragwitch under police protection, Holmes and Watson head back to the school and are almost there when Holmes comes to the revelation that the cult boy must be the grown up Rathe and his sister is most likely Mrs. Dribb. He also realizes they intend to make Elizabeth into the final replacement princess mummy. As they approach the school they see a carriage containing, Rathe, Dribb and Elizabeth leave. They are unable to catch it and Holmes decides the only way to get to the warehouse in time is to use Waxflatter's untested flying machine. It works and the boys set down on the river near the warehouse. Observing the temple they see a drugged Elizabeth being wrapped. The boys are outnumbered, but Holmes decides that if he can attach a line from the chandelier at the top the temple to one of the support beams, he can bring much of the structure down by releasing the winch that keeps the chandelier in place. They do this and it leaves the temple in ruins as well as diverting the wax away from Elizabeth at the last moment. In the confusion Watson and Holmes race to Elizabeth's rescue. Holmes is caught in a sword dual with Mrs. Dribb that ends when her ceremonial robe catches on fire and she is killed. Holmes is knocked out, however, and left lying on the chandler as the temple burns around him. Watson gets Elizabeth out of the temple, but loses her to Rathe (who was the priest with the Anubis mask). Watson finds himself torn between rescuing Elizabeth or Holmes. Suddenly he gets an idea that will do both. Using a rope with a grappling hook he attaches one end to the chandler chain and catches the other on the rear of the carriage Rathe is using to take Elizabeth away. As the carriage leaves it pulls up the chandler and brings Holmes to safety. When the chandler can go no further, however, the carriage is torn in two stopping Rathe. By then Holmes is up again. He and Watson rescue Elizabeth and pursue Rathe back into the dock area. Rathe produces a pistol and tries to shoot Holmes, but Elizabeth takes the shot instead. As Watson attends to her Rathe and Holmes duel with swords, first on the dock, then on the ice. Rathe seems to be winning until the ice cracks beneath their feet. Rathe disappears into the water and Holmes escapes. On the dock Elizabeth is dying. She and Holmes exchange their love before she passes on. Back at the school Watson says goodbye to Holmes as the boy detective finally leaves for good. Watson notes that he expects this is not the last time he and Holmes paths will cross. The credits roll. As the credits roll we watch a sleigh traverse a snowy countryside. At the end of the credits a mysterious figure exits the sleigh and enters an inn. On the register he writes the name "Moriarty." The camera reverses angle and we see it is the smiling figure of Rathe. 
 Wuthering Heights (1992)Summaries A man becomes obsessed with vengeance when his soul mate marries another man. Heathcliff is Cathy Earnshaw's foster brother; more than that, he is her other half. When forces within and without tear them apart, Heathcliff wreaks vengeance on those he holds responsible, even into a second generation. Cleo <frede005@maroon.tc.umn.edu> The love that exists between Cathy and Heathcliff is told, that love which began upon first sight in the late eighteenth century when Cathy's father, Mr. Earnshaw, brought Heathcliff into their farmhouse called Wuthering Heights on the side of the English moors to live, when both Cathy and Heathcliff were adolescents. Mr. Earnshaw found Heathcliff, assumed to be orphaned, on the streets of Liverpool. Heathcliff's status as the favored one in the house changed upon Mr. Earnshaw's death, with the new head of household, Cathy's older brother Hindley relegating Heathcliff to the role of servant, most specifically stable boy, Heathcliff who was now banished to live in the stables as opposed to the house. Cathy and Heathcliff's want to be together in love, as they grew into young adulthood, was affected largely by meeting brother and sister Edgar and Isabella Linton who lived in nearby grand Thrushcross Grange, the Lintons who lived in a higher social class. The question as the years go on is whether Cathy and Heathcliff's love can endure against the obstacles which they and others have placed in front of them. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 