nm0000084:

 Raise the Red Lantern (1991)321) A young woman becomes the fourth wife of a wealthy lord, and must learn to live with the strict rules and tensions within the household. China in the 1920's. After her father's death, nineteen year old Songlian is forced to marry Chen Zuoqian, the lord of a powerful family. Fifty year old Chen has already three wives, each of them living in separate houses within the great castle. The competition between the wives is tough, as their master's attention carries power, status and privilege. Each night Chen must decide with which wife to spend the night and a red lantern is lit in front of the house of his choice. And each wife schemes and plots to make sure it's hers. However, things get out of hand... Mattias Pettersson <seaman@sbbs.se> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is set in 1920s China during the warlord era, years before the Chinese Civil War. Nineteen-year-old Songlian ( Snglin, played by Gong Li), whose father has recently died and left the family bankrupt, marries into the wealthy Chen family, becoming the fourth wife or rather the third concubine or, as she is referred to, the Fourth Mistress ( S titai) of the household. Arriving at the palatial abode, she is at first treated like royalty, receiving sensuous foot massages and brightly-lit red lanterns, as well as a visit from her husband, Master Chen (Ma Jingwu), the master of the house, whose face is never clearly shown. Songlian soon discovers, however, that not all the concubines in the household receive the same luxurious treatment. In fact, the master decides on a daily basis the concubine he will spend the night with; whomever he chooses gets her lanterns lit, receives the foot massage, gets her choice of menu items at mealtime, and gets the most attention and respect from the servants. Pitted in constant competition against each other, the three concubines are continually vying for their husband's attention and affections. The First Mistress, Yuru (Jin Shuyuan), appears to be nearly as old as the master himself. Having borne a son decades earlier, she seems resigned to live out her life as forgotten, always passed over in favor of the younger concubines. The Second Mistress, Zhuoyun ( Zhuyn, Cao Cuifen), befriends Songlian, complimenting her youth and beauty, and giving her expensive silk as a gift; she also warns her about the Third Mistress, Meishan ( Mishn, He Caifei), a former opera singer who is spoiled and who becomes unable to cope with no longer being the youngest and most favored of the master's playthings. As time passes, though, Songlian learns that it is really Zhuoyun, the Second Mistress, who is not to be trusted; she is subsequently described as having the face of the Buddha, yet possessing the heart of a scorpion. Songlian feigns pregnancy, attempting to garner the majority of the master's time and, at the same time, attempting to become actually pregnant. Zhuoyun, however, is in league with Songlian's personal maid, Yan'er ( Yn'r, played by Kong Lin) who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments, suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period, and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud. Zhuoyun summons the family physician, feigning concern for Songlian's "pregnancy". Doctor Gao ( Go-yshng, Cui Zhigang), who is secretly having an illicit affair with Third Mistress Meishan, examines Songlian and determines the pregnancy to be a sham. Infuriated, the master orders Songlian's lanterns covered with thick black canvas bags indefinitely. Blaming the sequence of events on Yan'er, Songlian reveals to the house that Yan'er's room is filled with lit red lanterns, showing that Yan'er dreams of becoming a Mistress instead of a lowly servant; it is suggested earlier that Yan'er is in love with the Master and has even slept with him in the Fourth Mistress' bed. Yan'er is punished by having the lanterns burned while she kneels in the snow, watching as they smolder. In an act of defiance, Yan'er refuses to humble herself or apologize and thus remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses. Yan'er falls sick and ultimately dies after being taken to the hospital. One of the servants tells Songlian that her former maid died with her mistress's name on her lips. Songlian, who had briefly attended university before the passing of her father and being forced into marriage, comes to the conclusion that she is happier in solitude; she eventually sees the competition between the concubines as a useless endeavor, as each woman is merely a "robe" that the master may wear and discard at his discretion. As Songlian retreats further into her solitude, she begins speaking of suicide; she reasons that dying is a better fate than being a concubine in the Chen household. On her twentieth birthday, severely intoxicated and despondent over her bitter fate, Songlian inadvertently blurts out the details of the love affair between Meishan and Doctor Gao to Zhuoyun; who later catches the adulterous couple together. Following the old customs and traditions, Meishan is dragged to a lone room on the roof of the estate and hanged to death by the master's servants. Songlian, already in agony due to the fruitlessness of her life, witnesses the entire episode and is emotionally traumatized. The following summer, after the master's marriage to yet another concubine, Songlian is shown wandering the compound in her old schoolgirl clothes, having gone completely insane. 
 Miami Vice (2006)541) Based on the 1980s TV action/drama, this update focuses on vice detectives Crockett and Tubbs as their respective personal and professional lives become dangerously intertwined. Ricardo Tubbs is urbane and dead smart. He lives with Bronx-born Intel analyst Trudy, as they work undercover transporting drug loads into South Florida to identify a group responsible for three murders. Sonny Crockett [to the untrained eye, his presentation may seem unorthodox, but procedurally, he is sound] is charismatic and flirtatious until - while undercover working with the supplier of the South Florida group - he gets romantically entangled with Isabella, the Chinese-Cuban wife of an arms and drugs trafficker. The best undercover identity is oneself with the volume turned up and restraint unplugged. The intensity of the case pushes Crockett and Tubbs out onto the edge where identity and fabrication become blurred, where cop and player become one - especially for Crockett in his romance with Isabella and for Tubbs in the provocation of an assault on those he loves. achinn After a tragic security breach in the Joint Inter-Agency Task Force (JIATF), the FBI ask for help from the Miami authorities, who are not part of the compromised group. This assignment goes to Detectives James 'Sonny' Crockett and Ricardo 'Rico' Tubbs. Going undercover as offshore boat racers and outlaw smugglers Sonny Burnett and Rico Cooper, they take on the narcotrafficking network of the mysterious Archangel de Jesus Montoya-Londono and his Cuban Chinese banker Isabella. The intensity of the case pushes Crockett and Tubbs out onto the edge where identity and fabrication become blurred, where cop and player become one - especially when Crockett falls for Isabella, and when there is an assault on Tubbs's loved ones. Anonymous When an informer, his family and two FBI agents are killed by an international gang of drug dealers, Detectives James 'Sonny' Crockett and Ricardo 'Rico' Tubbs are assigned to work undercover for the FBI in a joint operation to disclose which agency leaked the information to the criminals. They plot a scheme to approach with their team of agents to the manager Jos Yero and later to the druglord Arcngel de Jess Montoya. Along the mission, Sonny meets the accountant, investor and mistress of Montoya, Isabella, and after a romantic affair, they fall in love for each other, blurring his professional commitment with his personal feelings. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in a night club on an upper story in a Miami high rise. Detectives James 'Sonny' Crockett (Colin Farrell) and Ricardo Tubbs (Jamie Foxx), along with their partners Trudy Joplin (Naomie Harris), Larry Zito (Justin Theroux), and Gina Calabrese (Elizabeth Rodriguez), are mingling in the club, obviously waiting for something to happen or someone to arrive. While waiting, Sonny orders a drink and flirts with the bartender. Outside, two white Escalades pull up to the club and out jumps a 15-person entourage of thuggish men and scantily clad women, led by Neptune (Isaach De Bankole). The entourage skips the line, enters the club, and once inside Neptune approaches undercover Detective Stan Switek (Dominick Lombardozzi). It seems Neptune is a pimp, and he offers his ladies' services to Switek. Switek notices one of the prostitutes looks shaken and upset, but Neptune explains that she is feeling a little sick. Switek takes two of the prostitutes to an elevator, while Neptune and the thugs take the other ladies, including the upset prostitute, in the other direction. Tubbs sees the upset prostitute being handled roughly, and begins to follow her with Sonny right behind. One of the thugs get in Tubbs way, but Tubbs quickly dispatches him. Some more thugs begin attacking Tubbs and Sonny, but the detectives easily beat them up. However, Neptune and the upset prostitute make it to an exit. Meanwhile, Zito and Calabrese are using a cellphone to watch a live video of Switek undressing with the prostitutes. Sonny's pursuit is then interrupted by a phone call. Sonny walks out to a balcony to hear the call better. It turns out to be Alonzo Stevens (John Hawkes), a former informant who worked with Sonny and Tubbs. Hawkes is frantic and driving very fast. He tells Sonny that a deal is about to go very bad, but he didn't give up Sonny's name, and he wants him to look out for Lucianna, who is apparently Steven's wife. Sonny asks for more details but Hawkes is too frantic and states he needs to make a quick stop at home. Tubbs joins Sonny on the balcony, and Sonny tells him that the Neptune problem will have to wait. Sonny then calls the FBI and gets on the line with Agent Fujima (Ciaran Hinds). He asks Fujima if the informant Stevens had been working on any cases for the FBI, and Fujima explains that Stevens was indeed working on a case and some inside men were currently in the process of making a deal. Sonny tells Fujima that he believes these men's cover had been blown and asks if these men had any back up, to which Fujima replies no. At the same time, Tubbs tries calling Lucianna at Steven's house but only gets the answering machine. We get a glimpse inside Steven's house while the message is being recorded and see a scary looking white dude covered in tattoos looking through the fridge. The movie then cuts to the drug deal in question, which is taking place next to the water. The two FBI men get out of their car and approach a group of scary looking white men. The leader of the scary looking men, Coleman (Tom Towles), tells the two men that they have all the drugs they need. There is a drug for money swap, and the two FBI men return to their car with the bag of drugs. Right before they get it the car, Coleman yells to them, "How long have you been working for the FBI?" The two men realize their cover is blown and try to get in their car and drive away. Unfortunately the scary looking men have two hidden snipers on a boat with very large caliber weapons. These snipers begin firing and completely obliterate the two men inside their car. The movie cuts back to Sonny and Tubbs who are trying to catch up with Stevens. The rest of the squad is in a helicopter overhead helping the two detectives find Stevens. They eventually find him and pull him over on to the side of the freeway. They begin questioning Stevens, who explains he was working with some FBI men but was forced to give them up. Apparently the FBI was compromised, Stevens was revealed as an informant, and the drug dealers forced Stevens to identify the FBI men. Stevens reiterates that he never mentioned Sonny or Tubbs. Stevens, however, is very afraid for his wife and needs to get home to check on her. Tubbs explains that the police have already been sent there. The movie cuts to Steven's house where we see police finding a dead body. We then cut back to Tubbs, who gets a phone call explaining that the bad guys already made it to Steven's house. Tubbs tells Stevens it is too late to go home. Sonny and Tubbs stare at Stevens, trying to look sympathetic. Stevens get very upset, turns towards the freeway, and walks right in to path of an oncoming truck, turning himself into a bloody streak on the asphalt. Sonny and Tubbs begin driving over to Stevens' house, but before they get there, their superior, Lieutenant Martin Castillo (Barry Shabaka Henley) tells them to turn around and meet them at a designated location. Sonny and Tubbs get there, and are met by Castillo and Agent Fujima. Agent Fujima introduces himself as the man on the phone earlier. Fujima explains to Sonny and Tubbs that the FBI was trying to infiltrate an Aryan Brotherhood drug ring, but somehow the FBI's undercover operations were compromised. Since the FBI can no longer trust its own undercover operations, they need to enlist an outside undercover operation, namely Miami Vice! Sonny and Tubbs agree to do it, and they then begin to discuss the Aryan Brotherhood's operation, and how they can infiltrate it. It is explained that the Aryan Brotherhood picks up drugs that are transported from a South American cartel, and the best way to get in is to get involved with the transportation of the drugs. Before they split, Fujima agrees to temporarily deputize Sonny and Tubbs, effectively making them FBI. Later, Sonny, Tubbs and Castillo are watching some infrared video of two super cool speedboats traveling from Haiti to Miami. The two boats are traveling right next to each other, so that they look like one blip on the radar. The group decides they need to take over this route. Cut to a dock, where Sonny, Tubbs and their squad are donning ski masks and loading their weapons. They then burst in to a small warehouse full of drugs and take away all the men inside. They then go out onto the dock and throw grenades into two super cool speedboats, blowing them up. Cut to a fancy apartment where the squad meets up with Nicholas (Eddie Marsan), an informant who had helped the squad in the past. They tell Nicholas they want to set up a meeting with the South American cartel. Nicholas is reluctant, until Trudy reminds him that he is rich because of them and if they wanted to they could cause him some serious trouble. Nicholas is nervous but agrees. Back at someone's house, Tubbs is taking a shower. In steps Trudy, revealing that the two of them have an amorous relationship. There is a bit of soap lathering but nothing else. Later, out in the living room, Sonny, Tubbs and Trudy start talking. Trudy explains that a new identity will be created for Sonny and Tubbs, and that the drug dealers will be able to access that identity. Later, Tubbs jumps in bed with Trudy and they do it. We cut to Haiti, where a bunch of people are passing around a usb flash drive. The flash drive eventually ends up in the hands of Jose Yero (John Ortiz), who downloads it contents, which turns out to be Sonny and Tubbs' new false identities. Apparently Yero was checking into these guys and the new false identities worked. The squad flies down to Haiti to meet with Yero. They end up in a really seedy part of town, where everyone is carrying guns. They meet Yero in a basement with a bunch of thugs. Also there is Isabella (Li Gong), watching the events go down. Sonny and Tubbs sit down with Yero, and Yero asks what kind of operation Sonny and Tubbs run, and what kind of jobs have they pulled in the past. Tubbs acts offended, and explains that Yero must have looked up this kind of information before and he didn't expect an interview. Yero explains that he is a real bad ass, and is referred to as the cerdo loco, or crazy pig. He gets real aggressive and all the thugs start pulling out their guns. At the same time Sonny pulls out a hand grenade and pulls the pin. Sonny explains that they can all die or they can all make some money. Yero explains he is actually counter intelligence for the operation and wanted to know what kind of people Sonny and Tubbs were. Yero tells them to wait at a hotel for further word. On the way out Sonny and Isabella exchange glances. Sonny and Tubbs wait at the hotel, and after waiting four hours they decide they've waited long enough. They walk into the room where somehow Yero and Isabella and all the thugs are waiting. Next, we see Sonny and Tubbs driven in a car. Sonny remarks that he has reception but no service, meaning his cell phone is being jammed. Tubbs says that there are as hi tech as the American army in Baghdad. Sonny and Tubbs are then brought to a convoy of SUV's. Isabella gets in to one of the cars, and Sonny and Tubbs soon enter the same car. Inside they meet Jesus Montaya (John Cortiz), the head of the cartel, who is seated in the back seat of the car with Isabella. Montaya tells them he has agreed to use them as transporters, but he expects results not a service. He also tells them that they will never see him again, and he wishes their families well. Sonny and Isabella exchange more glances. We cut to a South American jungle where a native looking dude throws a bale of what is apparently drugs into a plane where Sonny takes it and stows it away. With Tubbs flying, they take off with the drugs. The drug plane flies next to another plane so as to look like one blip on the radar. Apparently the rest of the transportation is uneventful. Sonny calls Yero and tells him the drugs were delivered but there were complications along the way. Yero and Isabella meet Sonny, Tubbs, and the rest of the squad at a run down house. Sonny makes up a story that during the course of the drug run, another group of drug runners tried to steal their shipment. They were able to handle these pirates, and in the process they recovered another large stash of drugs. Sonny shows Yero the stash they recovered, and Yero recognizes the drugs as the stash that had been stolen earlier. Yero is suspicious, but Sonny and Tubbs play it off, even though they had in fact stolen it originally, and threaten to go sell it to someone else. Later, in a much fancier house, Yero and Isabella ask Sonny how much they want for the recovered drug stash. Sonny says they can have it for free, and to consider it an investment. In return, Isabella agrees to give them another shipment. Isabella stands and leaves, but Sonny decides to follow her out while Yero and Tubbs work out the details. Sonny asks Isabella if he can buy her a drink. She asks him what kind of drink he likes and he says Mojitos. She then looks at Sonny's speedboat and asks if it is fast. He says it is and she tells him she knows of a place. Once in the boat, Sonny discovers that Isabella is not married to Montaya, and that she is a business woman. Isabella explains that the place she had in mind is in Cuba, where her Chinese mother raised her. Sonny says he can't get in with his passport but Isabella explains she has connections. Sonny then buckles her seat belt for her and begins driving his boat really fast. They end up in Cuba, where they drink their Mojitos. They talk for a while, flirting, and then begin to dance. They really get it to and then we cut to the hotel room where they have sex. Apparently the sex is so great it makes Isabella cry. In the morning, they begin talking business, and Sonny convinces Isabella to let them be percentage partners in the shipments instead of flat fee carriers. During breakfast, they discuss how their relationship could never last. Sonny meets up with Tubbs, Castillo, and Agent Fujima. Fujima wants to bring down the Aryan Brotherhood but Sonny wants to keep the operation going so they can bring down Montaya as well. Fujima and Sonny get in a heated argument over it, and since Sonny has the leverage he eventually wins out. After Castillo and Fujima leave, Tubbs questions Sonny's motives, and points out that there is deep cover and then there is which way is up. Later back in South America, Isabella and Montaya are sitting on a bed talking. Isabella tells Montaya she slept with Sonny. She also explains the partnership deal. Montaya seems reluctant, and suggests killing them instead. Isabella tells him to do what he feels is best, and Montaya then backs off and agrees to try the partnership deal. Montaya then begins kissing Isabella and the two of them begin making out. We then cut to a club in Haiti where Sonny and Tubbs have come to met Yero. Sonny walks in with Isabella and Tubbs walks in with Trudy. The club belongs to Yero, who explains that he is a disco kid. Yero explains the upcoming shipment, which is to be delivered by boat to the Aryan Brotherhood. After the meeting, they all go out to dance. Yero watches, with apparent jealousy, as Sonny and Isabella start dancing and are obviously super infatuated with each other. After they dance, Sonny and Isabella go for a walk where Sonny asks Isabella if she has an insurance plan in case something bad happens. Sonny and Tubbs and the rest of the squad (except Trudy) begin loading drugs from a freighter onto some speedboats. Meanwhile, Trudy is returning from the grocery store and entering her house when she is attacked and kidnapped by a bunch of Aryan Brotherhood thugs. They take her to a meth lab and tie her up, and she hears a jet plane fly overhead. One of the thugs calls Sonny and lets him hear Trudy, who in the few seconds she has mentions a white trash trailer park and airplanes. Coleman then talks to Sonny and explains that the drop has to be executed in a very specific manner at a specific bridge, to which Sonny agrees. The squad realizes that the Aryan Brotherhood will probably kill Trudy anyway, but not until they get the drugs. They enlist Castillo to get in a helicopter and look at trailer parks around the airport, specifically for a trailer with some big antennas on it. They take their speedboats up a river towards the bridge, but before they get there they drop off Sonny, Tubbs, and Calabrese. Zito and Switek continue on in the boats, very slowly to give them time. Castillo, in his chopper, finds the specific trailer. Sonny, Tubbs, and Calabrese, heavily armed, descend on the trailer. Sonny takes out a sentry while Calabrese pokes a scope under the trailer to take a look inside and see Trudy. Tubbs grabs a pizza box from the trash and knocks on the door. One of the rednecks opens the door and is pulled out and knocked out by Tubbs. Tubbs and Calabrese jump in and fight two of the other rednecks and Tubbs shoots one of them in the head. A fourth redneck grabs a detonator that is attached to a bomb around Trudy's neck. He claims that if he is shot he will release the button and the bomb will go off. Calabrese counters that if she shoots him right above the cerebellum he will effectively be brain dead but his body will still be alive and he will not let go. He does nothing, and she asks if he believes her or not. She then shoots him right in the head, and the bomb does not go off. Tubbs unties Trudy and carries her out to the trailer entrance. Meanwhile, Yero has a video feed to the trailer. He activates his own bomb inside the trailer, and just as Trudy is walking down the steps it goes off, throwing Trudy through the air. Trudy is brought to the hospital where the squad learns she is in a coma and in a very serious condition. Outside the hospital, Sonny gets a call from Yero who claims he heard there were some troubles with the drop off. Sonny is pissed, and knows that Yero was in on it. Sonny arranges for another drop off, and this time demands that Yero be there. Cut to a scene with Yero talking to Montaya. Yero says he has no hard evidence that the "Americans" were at fault for the drop, but he does have evidence that they are not to be trusted. He shows Montaya video from the disco when Sonny and Isabella were dancing and getting super into it. He tells Montaya that their relationship is not casual. Meanwhile, Sonny and Tubbs are getting ready for the drop off. Castillo explains that the Aryan Brotherhood will obviously change the location immediately before the drop off so that it will very difficult for the squad to get set up. Castillo also explains that he will run the show and they must wait until he can find the shooters. Tubbs talks to Sonny about his relationship with Isabella, and Sonny explains he will do what he has to do. The squad is waiting when they get the call from Coleman concerning the new drop off location. The squad speeds there and Castillo tries to get set up with his snipers. Sonny, Tubbs, and the rest of the squad approach the bad guys at the drop off point, which is next to the water. Castillo tells Sonny and Tubbs to stall because he can't find the shooters. Tubbs calls out for Yero who emerges with Isabella. Yero explains that Montaya gave Isabella over to Yero and he will have his way with her and then violently kill her when he is done. Coleman asks to see the drugs and Sonny replies that he will not show the drugs until he sees the money. Coleman agrees to send over one of his men in return for one of theirs, but Sonny says that he will only agree if Isabella is the one to come over. Coleman agrees and sends over Isabella while Switek goes to look at the money. As Sonny walks Isabella to the car, Castillo finally finds the shooters and has his own snipers take them out. As the shooters are shot, one of them lets off a shot, which causes a massive shoot out. Everyone takes cover, and most of the bad guys are taken out. Zito gets shot in the knee but keeps fighting. Sonny puts Isabella behind a car, and runs forward. Isabella sees his badge and finally realizes he is a cop. She runs forward to attack him, and Sonny has to tackle her to prevent Coleman from shooting her. Sonny then turns and shoots Coleman in the foot, knocking him to ground. He then puts two bullets right in Coleman's head. Meanwhile, Tubbs has tracked down Yero who has run away with his bodyguard. Tubbs takes out the bodyguard and then blows a gaping hole in Yero's chest. After the gunfight, Sonny grabs Isabella and throws her in his car. He drives her away to a safe house by the beach. He calls some people up and arranges to have a boat take her away back to Cuba. She is upset at first, but then resigns herself to being sad. They then talk about how it could never be and they get really sad as they look longingly at each other. Tubbs is back at the hospital, holding Trudy's hand. Her hand begins to twitch, and Tubbs gets all excited as she comes out of her coma. Back at the safe house, the sheets are shown to be all ruffled and Isabella is floating away on a boat. The last scene is of Sonny walking back into the hospital 
 Memoirs of a Geisha (2005)651) Nitta Sayuri reveals how she transcended her fishing-village roots and became one of Japan's most celebrated geisha. In the 1920s, 9-year-old Chiyo gets sold to a geisha house. There, she is forced into servitude, receiving nothing in return until the house's ruling hierarchy determines if she is of high enough quality to service the clientele -- men who visit and pay for conversation, dance and song. After rigorous years of training, Chiyo becomes Sayuri, a geisha of incredible beauty and influence. Life is good for Sayuri, but World War II is about to disrupt the peace. Jwelch5742 In 1929 an impoverished nine-year-old named Chiyo from a fishing village is sold to a geisha house in Kyoto's Gion district and subjected to cruel treatment from the owners and the head geisha Hatsumomo. Her stunning beauty attracts the vindictive jealousy of Hatsumomo, until she is rescued by and taken under the wing of Hatsumomo's bitter rival, Mameha. Under Mameha's mentorship, Chiyo becomes the geisha named Sayuri, trained in all the artistic and social skills a geisha must master in order to survive in her society. As a renowned geisha she enters a society of wealth, privilege, and political intrigue. As World War II looms Japan and the geisha's world are forever changed by the onslaught of history. dumpster_cakes A young nine year old girl, Chiyo, lives in a rather poor fishing village, Yoroido, on Japan's coast. Along with her older sister, Satsu, she is sent to the geisha (Japanese for artisan) district called Gion. Split from the only family she has left Chiyo is sent to the Nitta Okiya while her sister is transported else where and becomes less of a role. And Okiya is a house (sort of a compound) where a geisha lives and is taken care of. Here at the Nitta Okiya Chiyo meets another girl about her age nicknamed Pumpkin. Together Pumpkin and Chiyo struggle through the daily life of being treated as nothing more than slaves to the resident geisha, Hatsumomo. Hatsumomo, the story's resident villain, tries her hardest to make Chiyo's life as miserable as possible. On one particular occasion Chiyo feeling so depressed collapses on a bridge in tears over her life's woes. Much to her surprise a high society passer by stops to question why she is so sad. Here little Chiyo meets The Chairman for the first time. He shows her kindness in a world which has been naught but cruel to her and from that point on Chiyo makes it her goal to break free from the social class she was born into and become a geisha worthy of The Chairman. After much work and hardship Chiyo is allowed to attend school where young girls are taught all the important practices associated with the life of a geisha. She learns tea ceremony, how to play the shamisen (like a little banjo or acoustic guitar), as well as quite possibly the most important act, how to dance. The word geisha in Japanese is derived from a term referring to art so a geisha is like an artisan, or an artist. After some more altercations with Hatsumomo, Chiyo is taken under the wing of one of Gion's most popular geisha, Mameha. Mameha also happens to be Hatsumomo's arch-rival as a geisha. Mameha takes a long time to introduce Chiyo as her apprentice however once she does she is already blessed with fame for being associated with someone of Mameha's class. Here is the part of the story where Chiyo's name changes to Sayuri (her geisha name). Mameha introduces Sayuri is many numerous figures in Gion life and it come to a point where men are fighting for the highest bid on Sayuri's mizuage. All this time Sayuri is struggling with the common life lessons learned when one is growing up into a young woman. It is very much a coming of age story. Through all trials of adversity Sayuri faces her one goal is always to see The Chairman again. Finally the day comes when she is invited, along with Mameha, to a party at a teahouse at which The Chairman is attending. For the next couple of weeks she attends multiple parties which the chairman attend all the while seemingly coming closer to achieving her goal. Tension has been growing concerning World War II and the society in Gion is beginning to feel the effects of war. Rations are set up and many part of the giesha district have begun to close. Geisha are fleeing to other parts of the country hoping to avoid getting caught in an attack. Sayuri and all of her friends are split apart until after the war and once everyone returns to Gion it is realized the effects of the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. All geisha who fled to these cities obviously died and it is a loss greatly felt by the community. Sayuri desperately attempts to attain the love of the Chairman and the climax of the story is whether or not she does meet her goal. Ai is Baka In Japan of the 20's, the nine years old Chyio and her sister Satsu are sold by her fisherman father to a Geisha house in Miyako. Satsu is not accepted in the house and is sent to a brothel, and along the years, Satsu escapes from he brothel where she lived and the rebel Chyio is left alone, becoming a slave of a geisha. However, six years later, she learns how to become the geisha Sayuri with the support of the successful Mameha, while fighting against the evil and jealousy of the wicked Hatsumomo. While still a child, Chyio falls in love with The Chairman, and in the post-WWII, they meet each other, in a period o changes in Japan with the occupying American forces and the country completely destroyed. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chiyo was the second daughter of a poor fisherman in Yoroido and a curiosity in her village - her eyes were blue (in the novel they were blue-grey). Ser father was old and her mother terminally ill; thus the parents were persuaded to sell their daughters for a more secured life. Chiyo and sister Satsu were promptly sent to Gion(geisha district) right away. Auntie decides to keep her in the Nitta Okiya, but rejects her sister. Satsu is then sent to a common brothel in the Miyagawa-Cho district to become a prostitute. Chiyo spent her first few years in the okiya working as a maid and planning her escape. Hatsumomo, the star of the okiya and one of the most beautiful and popular geishas at the time, sensed that she was going to be a threat and set out to eliminate her. She and Korin forced Chiyo to ruin a kimono(which belonged to Hatsumomo's most hated rival in Gion, Mameha). The next day, Auntie half-heartedly beat her as punishment for the ruined kimono since she didn't want Mother or Granny getting their hands on her. She also warns her against trusting Hatsumomo because she'll ruin her in a second. As a reward for ruining Mameha's kimono, Hatsumomo finally told her that her sister is in the Miyagawa-Cho district under the brother home, Tatsuyo and arranged for them to meet. The sisters decided that Chiyo would sneak out of the okiya by walking on top of the neighbouring roofs, meet up with Satsu, and then they would escape together. Her attempt failed as she fell off one of the roofs, and her sister went on without her. Auntie was infuriated at Chiyo for not heeding her warning to keep clear. While she was recovering from her injuries, she received a letter informing her that both of her parents have died. Now she is all alone in the world. Mother (the madam) was furious with Chiyo's rebellious behaviour and decided not to raise her as a geisha, but as a maid. On a maid wage, she will never be able to pay off her contract and leave the okiya. Chiyo settled uneasily into her doomed life, while watching her friend and fellow maid, Pumpkin get elevated to being an apprentice geisha and all her work as a maid is transferred to her. Upon learning that Chiyo will remain Mother's slave for all time, Hatsumomo rejoiced at the prospect and set out to make her life even more miserable than before. One day while a 12-year-old, Chiyo was out on an errand, her concerns for her future remaining as a maid under Mother overwhelmed her and she started to cry. A man stopped to talk to her and accompanied her for some shaved ice. He bought her flavoured ice and gave her two coins to cheer her up. Watching the Chairman walk away with two geishas, Chiyo decided that she would become a geisha at any cost, just so that she can be with him. She spent the coins on making her wish, and kept the Chairman's handkerchief. In the winter of 1935, Chiyo is 15 and she's helping Pumpkin get ready for her debut as an apprentice geisha, under Hatsumomo's tutelage. After they left, she noticed that her friend forgot her shamisen and ran out of the Nitta Okiya to the back of Mizuki Teahouse(Hatsumomo's prime) and gave the mistress there her friend's shamisen. A few days later the okiya got a surprise visit from the famed geisha Mameha, who offered irresistable conditions to take Chiyo as her apprentice geisha. Mother's greed got the better of her and Chiyo became Sayuri. During her training, Sayuri showed considerable talents and Mother began to consider adopting her, instead of Pumpkin, as her daughter, to inherit the okiya. This further intensified the feud between Hatsumomo and Mameha. Time was drawing close to the bidding for Sayuri's mizuage (the first night), but with Hatsumomo's schemes, Mameha was no where close to finding enough potential dannas (patrons) to start a proper bidding. She decided to try the impossible - Nobu, a rich man disfigured by chemical accident and disliked geishas. Miraculously,he fell in love with Sayuri; and Sayuri with his best friend - the Chairman. Sayuri's mizuage made history as the highest bid to date, and she became the IT geisha. Mother adopted her, kicked Hatsumomo out for trying to destroy her career by causing the fire and Pumpkin was left homeless to fend for herself. But Sayuri's glory was cut short by World War II. As all geishas were gathered up and shipped to factories as workers, she and Mameha went into hiding with the Chairman's help. After the war, Mameha and Sayuri found it hard to survive as genuine geishas. The American soldiers are the big spender now, and they prefer common prostitutes to geishas. Pumpkin's fell from grace now turned out to be a blessing. The Chairman hired Sayuri, Mameha and Pumpkin for a trip, so that they could entertain an American colonel named Derricks, his associates and turn them into his business partners. Sayuri realised that she would have to get either Nobu or Col. Derricks to become her danna to survive. But meeting the Chairman again after the war proofed to be too strong a temptation, she decided to throw everything away and follow her heart for once. In her room, Mameha warned Sayuri against doing that because it's disrespectful to Nobu and she could ruin her career for that mistake. She told he to accept him as her danna because he saved her life and she owed a great debt. She mentions that Hatsumomo made the mistake of following her heart once by eloping with Koichi and destroyed her chances to have a danna. Sayuri refuses to listen to Mameha, which proved to be her undoing. She arranged for the general to meet her in a shack and told Pumpkin to bring Nobu, so that both can be disappointed at her. She took this long-awaited chance and had her revenge - she brought the Chairman. When Sayuri demanded an answer from her friend. Pumpkin vehemently out of anger (cool, but still upset in the movie) told her she took away her rightful place as Mother's daughter and heir of the Nitta Okiya. A heart-broken Sayuri threw away the cherished handkerchief, and gave in to her fate. Just when she thought she had lost favour with Nobu, Mother got a booking request from him. Disillusioned and settling for security, Sayuri arrived prepared to get back in Nobu's favour, only to find that the booking was made by the Chairman. Now that his best friend is no longer interested in Sayuri, the Chairman can finally show his feelings and have his Chiyo back - it was him who sent Mameha to find the girl with blue eyes and ensure that she was taken care of and reunited with him....... 
 Curse of the Golden Flower (2006)321) During China's Tang dynasty the emperor has taken the princess of a neighboring province as wife. She has borne him two sons and raised his eldest. Now his control over his dominion is complete, including the royal family itself. China, Later Tang Dynasty, 10th Century. On the eve of the Chong Yang Festival, golden flowers fill the Imperial Palace. The Emperor (Chow Yun Fat) returns unexpectedly with his second son, Prince Jai (Jay Chou). His pretext is to celebrate the holiday with his family, but given the chilled relations between the Emperor and the ailing Empress (Gong Li), this seems disingenuous. For many years, the Empress and Crown Prince Wan (Liu Ye), her stepson, have had an illicit liaison. Feeling trapped, Prince Wan dreams of escaping the palace with his secret love Chan (Li Man), the Imperial Doctor's daughter. Meanwhile, Prince Jai, the faithful son, grows worried over the Empress's health and her obsession with golden chrysanthemums. Could she be headed down an ominous path? The Emperor harbors equally clandestine plans; the Imperial Doctor (Ni Dahong) is the only one privy to his machinations. When the Emperor senses a looming threat, he relocates the doctor's family from the Palace to a remote area. While they are en route, mysterious assassins attack them. Chan and her mother, Jiang Shi (Chen Jin) are forced back to the palace. Their return sets off a tumultuous sequence of dark surprises. Amid the glamour and grandeur of the festival, ugly secrets are revealed. As the Imperial Family continues its elaborate charade in a palatial setting, thousands of golden armored warriors charge the palace. Who is behind this brutal rebellion? Where do Prince Jai's loyalties lie? Between love and desire, is there a final winner? Against a moonlit night, thousands of chrysanthemum blossoms are trampled as blood spills across the Imperial Palace. Sony Pictures Classics Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot is based on Cao Yu's 1934 play Thunderstorm ( pinyin: Lei Yu), but is set in the royal court of the later Tang dynasty in ancient China. On the eve of the Chong Yang Festival, golden chrysanthemum flowers fill the Imperial Palace. The Emperor ( Chow Yun-Fat ) returns from his various military campaigns with his second son and general, Prince Jai ( Jay Chou ). It is hinted during their brief, but intense, sparring session that Jai has grown resentful of his father and his controlling ways. However, the Emperor warns his son of his own past mistakes and tells him not to take by force what is not given to him. The pretext of the Emperor's return is to celebrate the holiday with his family, but given the chilled relations between the Emperor and the ailing Empress ( Gong Li ), this seems disingenuous. For three years, the Empress and Crown Prince Wan ( Ye Liu ), her stepson, have had an illicit liaison. However, Prince Wan no longer finds himself reciprocal of her advances and, feeling trapped, dreams of exploring the world outside the palace with his secret lover, Jiang Chan (link= Man Li ), the Imperial Doctor's daughter. Meanwhile, Prince Jai, a faithful son to his mother, grows curious and then worried over the Empress's health and her abnormal obsession with golden chrysanthemums. Wan acknowledges Jai's concerns, but the younger son, Yu seems oblivious to the matter and does not question it further. The family reunites within the chrysanthemum terrace where Wan's request to explore the frontier is denied by the emperor, along with Yu's request to command the imperial guard. It is decided that Jai will take the latter responsibility. No one cares or really sees the youngest son Yu, and he is quietly dismissed. It is then revealed that the Empress had failed to take her full dose of medicine for her anemia at the required hour. The Emperor commands she take the full dose. The Empress refuses, knowing that something is not right. The Emperor then commands his sons to make her take her dose, at which point she begrudgingly acquiesces. At this point, Jai also begins to sense that something is afoot. For the past ten days, the Imperial Physician, Jiang Yiru ( Dahong Ni ) and his daughter Jiang Chan have been tasked by the Emperor to secretly add small amounts of poison into the Empress' medicine that she takes one dose of every two hours. The result would leave the Empress in an eventual state of insanity. Having discovered this plot thanks to the investigations of a hired woman-in-black, the Empress concludes that her husband has grown tired of her strong and independent character. The Empress continues to embroider golden chrysanthemums and summons her son, Prince Jai. She reveals his father's plot against her and asks for his participation in her own plan for revenge. Jai hesitates, feeling conflicted between his love for his mother and his loyalty to his father. He says that it would be difficult for him to confront the Emperor with sword and armor, but after seeing his mother take a poisoned dose before him, he agrees. Meanwhile, the woman-in-black is captured by Prince Wan and taken to the Emperor. She is revealed to be she Jiang Shi ( Jin Chen ), Jiang Yiru's wife and Jiang Chan's mother. The Emperor relinquishes custody of Shi to her husband and relocates the doctor's family to a remote area outside the palace. Before they leave, Prince Wan approaches Chan who provides him with information that leads him to suspect the Empress' plans. He rushes back inside the palace and confronts the Empress, claiming that everyone will blame him should there be rebellion. The Empress, already in the throes of madness, bluntly claims she only wants Wan to die so she can continue her plans. In a panic, Wan stabs himself and the Empress is immediately contrite. She places the prince under care. The Emperor visits Wan soon after and comforts him, revealing that he was aware of his son's affair with the Empress, but is confident that it was she who seduced him. As the doctor's family is en route to their relocation in the mountains, they are attacked by mysterious assassins-in-black and Jiang Yiru is killed. Chan and her mother escape back to the palace. Just as the festival is beginning, and the royal family is assembled together, Shi and Chan enter the palace and Shi confronts the Emperor, correctly suspicious that it was he who sent the assassins. Enraged, Shi mocks the Emperor, recalling a previous assassination attempt from which she escaped. It was the Imperial Doctor who found her and nursed her back to health, after which they were wed. Feeding upon the drama, the Empress then reveals to everyone that Shi was the Emperor's former lover, giving him reason to kill her after his marriage to the Empress, and is the birth mother of Prince Wan. This revelation sends ripples of shock through the family, especially Prince Wan and Chan who realize they are half siblings. Distraught and crazed, Chan runs screaming from the palace, her mother chasing close behind. Both are killed by the assassins initially sent after them. After the turmoil raised, and to everyone's astonishment, the young Prince Yu abruptly kills Prince Wan, and attempts to oblige the Emperor to abdicate the throne to him. He angrily reveals that he also learned of the Empress's plot including Prince Jai. Feeling that no one ever cared about him, he had to act in order to gain himself the throne. A small rebellious team of soldiers assembles behind him, but the Emperor's assassins easily eliminate Prince Yu's rebel force. The Emperor then lashes Yu to death. The Empress, caught in the clutches of madness, does not seem to notice the violence and walks off, consumed in her plan. As the Imperial Family continues its elaborate charade in a palatial setting, ten thousand golden-armored warriors, all wearing the embroidered flowers the Empress made, charge the palace led by Prince Jai. The Imperial banner set out by the Emperor, which provides a direct warning against Jai's advances, is promptly ignored. As they charge forward, the Emperor's personal assassins arrive to stop them. Although Prince Jai's men take many casualties, they manage to eliminate all of the assassins and move forward. As the golden-armored army marches into the Imperial Square, they are boxed in by moving walls operated by the Emperor's men, the Silver Armours. Prince Jai orders the army to charge forth, but they are cut down by thousands of arrows. Against a moonlit night, thousands of chrysanthemum blossoms are trampled as blood spills across the Imperial Courtyard. Despite catastrophic losses, Prince Jai continues to fight in honor of his mother, but it is not until the Empress nods that the Prince surrenders. Afterwards, the survivors of the golden-armored army are gathered, bound, and executed on the Emperor's orders. After the battle, the courtyard is swiftly cleaned up as if the night's event had never transpired. The Emperor reveals to the Empress it was Prince Wan who informed him of their plot. The Empress simply states she had a feeling he would. The Emperor says that she has truly lost her mind to have continued such a redundant rebellion. Prince Jai is captured and the lords who assisted the Empress in building her army are executed. The Emperor brings his wife and bloodied son to the terrace for all the subjects to see. Despite having two sons dead, a mad wife, and a traitorous rebel for a son, the Emperor calmly reminds Jai that he was not to take what was not given to him. Jai acknowledges that he knew he would not win the battle, but his efforts were not for the throne; they were for his mother. Silently furious that his son's loyalty was usurped by his contemptuous wife, he orders Prince Jai to administer the Empress' poisoned medicine to her, in exchange for sparing his life. Prince Jai apologizes to his mother for his failure. The two share a tearful embrace and Jai kills himself by slitting his own throat. As his blood spills, droplets fall into the Empress' medicine. The Emperor pauses reaching for his food, silently shocked that his son would rather take his own life than betray his mother, but no words escape him. The Empress shakes, gripped by her madness and despair at losing everything she loved, appalled by the medicine which now contains her son's blood, and enraged at the fierce control maintained by her husband. She lets out a frantic shriek and slaps the plate holding the medicine out of the servant's hands. The liquid falls upon the wood of the dais which begins to rapidly dissolve from the medicine's acidity. It eats away at the engraved chrysanthemum, now symbolizing the foul corruption and madness that the festival has brought upon the city. 