nm0003705:

 Love Jacked (2018)Summaries MAYA, has artistic ambitions - her father ED wants a dutiful daughter to run the family store. Taking her independence a step further, Maya decides to travel to Africa for inspiration and returns with a fianc. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murdoch Mysteries (2008 )Summaries In the 1890s, William Murdoch uses radical forensic techniques for the time, including fingerprinting and trace evidence, to solve some of the city's most gruesome murders. In the late 1890s, police Detective William Murdoch takes a new, more scientific approach to solving crimes. Assisted by coroner Dr. Julia Ogden and Constable George Crabtree, Murdoch introduces such concepts as finger marks and lie detecting machines. He has the support of his somewhat doubtful superior, Inspector Brackenreid, though at times, even he finds Murdoch's methods - and claims - somewhat astounding. garykmcd It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Escaping the Madhouse: The Nellie Bly Story (2019 TV Movie)Summaries A young journalist looks behind the curtain of a nearby mental hospital, only to uncover the grim and gruesome acts they bestow upon their "patients". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The L.A. Complex (2012)211) Full of new relationships, salacious temptations and make-it-or-break it decisions, the series' coming-of-age dwellers grapple with life's defining moments as they deal with the unreality of the show-biz industry. Bell Media Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Highland Gardens follows the ins and outs of an apartment-style motel in LA which draws aspiring Canadian hopefuls looking for a place to rest their heads while they chase their Hollywood dreams. 