nm0001882:

 Justice League: Doom (2012 Video)321) Vandal Savage steals confidential files Batman has compiled on the members of the Justice League, and learns all their weaknesses. The Justice League are a team of great power, but also of personal secrets they thought safe. That changes when the immortal supervillain, Vandal Savage, has Batman's Batcave secretly raided to learn them all and more. Soon, the Leaguers are individually beset by their enemies who attack them with inescapable death traps specifically designed with that information. With that, all seems lost until an indomitable Knight and a young Titan combine to deliver salvation even as Savage uses the opportunity to implement a far grander scheme. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Batman and the rest of the Justice League stop The Royal Flush Gang from a robbery, they find out with the help of Cyborg that the Gang has been using a technology to walk through walls, and upon interrogation, realize that its not the Gang's technology. While Cyborg starts investigating behind the technology, Batman retreats to the Batcave. Once Batman reaches there, he is forced by Alfred to rest. Once the cave is empty, Mirror Master (who had been hiding in the Batmobile) uses a LexCorp technology to hack into the Batcomputer and downloads crucial information on orders of an unknown boss. Bane goes to the Slaughter Swamp outside Gotham City where he runs into Star Sapphire, Metallo, Ma'alefa'ak and Cheetah. The group then enter the Hall of Doom, where the are welcomed by Vandal Savage, who is also accompanied by Mirror Master. Already given $10 million each to attend the meeting, Vandal Savage offers them $100 million each for killing off each member of Justice League, to which, every one accepts. He then gives them fool-proof plans on how to defeat each member. Bruce Wayne receives news from Alfred that the bodies of Thomas and Martha Wayne have been stolen. When Bruce confronts the employee who reported the incident, the employee reveals himself as Bane, and knocks-off Bruce into an empty grave. Bruce Wayne wakes up next to his father's grave, and forces his way out of the grave. In his human form, Martian Manhunter celebrates his birthday with his friends when he receives a drink from an unknown woman. She later turns out to be Ma'alefa'ak, who had poisoned the drink, which would force Martian Manhunter to reveal his true form in front of everyone as well as be flammable. Ma'alefa'ak burns Martian Manhunter, and leaves him burning. Cheetah poisons Wonder Woman with a serum which would show any person near the latter as the former. Intending on never giving up a fight, Wonder Woman also causes damage to Cyborg who eventually cures her. Barry Allen finds out about a train robbery in progress by Mirror Master. He confronts him in his Flash atire, but is tricked into having a bomb attached to his wrist, which would go off if he tries to remove it, do nothing for 50 seconds or decelerate. This leaves Flash with no choice but to keep running at his fastest speed. Green Lantern is called upon by the FBI, and is asked to capture a group terrorists, who are hiding in a salt cave, and have kidnapped 6 hostages. After defeating them all and saving the hostages, Green Lantern confronts the boss, who kills Carol Ferris (who later turns out to be someone that looked like the real Carol) before Lantern could do anything. Grieving over how he had caused Carol only pain, Hal resigns his Green Lantern persona. It turns out this was all a plot by Star Sapphire to cause Hal to doubt himself and cast fear in his heart. The whole plan was formulated by fooling Green Lantern with fear toxin, derived from Scarecrow's formula. It also turns out that the terrorists and the Carol look-a-like were all androids in order to fool Green Lantern. Clark Kent receives a call from Lois Lane, who informs him that Henry Ackerson, a former Daily Planet employee who was laid off, was about to commit suicide. When Clark, in his Superman attire, approaches Henry, the latter reveals himself as Metallo, and shoots the former with a Kryptonion bullet, leaving Superman fatally wounded. Assuming all members of the Justice League are defeated, Savage reveals his plans to kill off half of the human population with the help of a solar flare, and start over the world. As an offer to join him, Savage offers each of the members of the Legion of Doom a territory of the world, which they all accept. Once Batman is back, he finds out that all of the members of the Justice League are under attack by the plans he himself had created, and one by one saves them all, and tells them about what had happened. The Justice League confronts the Legion of Doom, overpowering everyone including Savage, but are not able to prevent the solar flare. Cyborg deduces that the Hall of Doom would survive the Flare, and the Justice League works on preventing the Earth from any damage through it. In a meeting, Superman announces that Vandal Savage has been imprisoned for life without parole. He also announces the inclusion of Cyborg as a member of the Justice League. He then announces a vote on Batman leaving or staying in the Justice League. Allowed to speak in his defense, Batman shows no regret over his motives and decides to leave the Justice League himself. Realizing that Batman is right, Superman gives Batman a Kryptonite bullet which the latter could use if Superman goes rogue as Batman leaves. 
 Point of No Return (1993)541) A government fakes the death of a criminal to turn this young woman into a killer on its service. Drug addict Maggie Hayward's consistent violence, even in police custody, ends in the execution chamber. However, top secret U.S. government Agent "Bob" arranges a staged death, so Maggie can be elaborately trained as a killer. She gets a new cover identity as saleswoman Claudia Anne Doran. She also finds a housemate, building super J.P., a broad-minded, gentle photographer. The two fall in love, and that complicates her government assignments. His influence extends to breeding in her a conscience that supplants her violent tendencies, and desire to continue work for the agency. KGF Visser A young woman, Maggie Hayward (Bridget Fonda), is sentenced to death after murdering a policeman during a botched robbery. While awaiting trial she is approached by a government agent, Bob (Gabriel Byrne), who wants her to join a top secret assassination team. She doesn't cooperate and is executed...or so it seems. She awakes to find herself an unwilling recruit for the government organisation. She still plays hard to get but eventually comes around. With her training done, now she has to put it into practice - killing people, all while, on the surface, living a perfectly normal life. grantss A gang of armed drug addicts breaks into a drug store to try to steal drugs to fuel their habit. However, the police arrive too soon and all addicts but one are killed along with the store owner and several police officers. Maggie, is sentenced to death by lethal injection for killing a police officer; however, she wakes up after the execution to find that she has been spared in order to be trained as a government assassin. After a dramatic transformation, she is allowed to leave the training facility and start a new life for herself, on the condition that she always be on call for the government. However, she begins to discover that there is more to life than she had previously thought and soon begins to wish she could escape from her obligation. But the government isn't so easy to quit ... Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Point of No Return opens to a panoramic view of Washington D.C., fading quickly to the dilapidated, seedy back alleys where homeless people and drug-addicted gangs dwell. One such gang heads through the streets to arrive at a drug store closed for the night. When one of the gang is too slow opening the lock with a key, the gang's leader, Big Stan ( Michael Rapaport ) smashes the lock off with an ax. A young woman in the gang, Maggie Hayward ( Bridget Fonda ), is going through drug withdrawal and complains of desperately needing a new fix. Upstairs from the store, the owner ( Geoffrey Lewis ) and his wife have been awakened by the looting of the store. Despite his wife's pleas as she reports the robbery to the police, the drugstore owner loads a shotgun and prepares to confront the burglars. Johnny, one of the gang members, apparently knows the layout of the store and where the drugs are kept, but cannot find what they are looking for as quickly as Stan wants. Meanwhile, Maggie, in pain from her withdrawal, slowly sags and slumps into a sitting position on the floor, leaning against a display. The drugstore owner confronts the thieves, who reveal their trump card on why they feel he cannot open fire on them-- Johnny is his son. The drugstore owner stares in disbelief at seeing his son among the gang. The police arrive and a shootout erupts. Stan kills both the store owner and Johnny is shot by the police. A police sniper kills Stan and the other gang member. One of the gang pistols lands near Maggie who picks it up. The police enter the store and one of the officers finds Maggie, still slumped against the display. She is apparently deep in a drug withdrawal-induced psychosis. He removes her headphones, through which she'd been listening to music. Maggie suddenly jams the barrel of the gun under his jaw and pulls the trigger, killing him. Maggie is being hauled out of a holding cell in the police station. Although she is handcuffed, she is resistant and rebellious against the police's attempts. They wrestle her into a chair and the detective in charge viciously backhands her when she refuses to give him her real name. He demands she sign a document, and she asks for and gets a pencil and stabs him through the back of his hand with it. As police drag her away, a man watches from the mezzanine. In court, Maggie is convicted of capital murder for killing the officer, and the judge sentences her to death by lethal injection. Maggie goes berserk again and attempts to escape; she tries to break a window. It takes multiple officers to successfully restrain her and carry her away. The same man who was in the station, is again watching from the courtroom seats. As Maggie is strapped to the gurney for her execution, she tearfully begs they wait for her mother to arrive. The needle is inserted into a vein in her arm and drugs injected. Maggie loses control of her bladder as the chemicals take effect and her eyes sag closed. From the observation window, yet again, the same mysterious man is watching. Maggie awakes in a bed, covered to her neck in a sheet and her eyes open and she sees she is in a plain, unfurnished, white-painted room. A peephole in the door opens, and the mysterious man, Bob ( Gabriel Byrne ), comes in to greet her. Bob shows her pictures of her funeral, including a photograph that shows her father was present. Maggie asks if her mom showed up but the answer is no. To the rest of the world, Maggie is dead, and she is buried at Oakmont Cemetery-- "Row 48, Plot 12". Bob makes no attempt to stop Maggie as she runs for the door; he knows it is locked and she can't get out. He tells her he works for a clandestine branch of the U.S. federal government, which is giving her a second chance in life. Maggie is naturally very suspicious about what Bob and his superiors want from her in exchange from her life. He coldly tells her that for a start, she needs to learn such basics as standing up straight and speaking properly, before she would be instructed in languages and computers-- things that would enable her to do some good for the country. When Maggie asks what would happen if she said no, Bob reminds her, rather matter-of-faculty, the location of her grave-- they can easily put her into it for real this time. He gives her an hour to think the offer over. Bob returns to Maggie's room to get her decision. Looking through the peephole, he sees Maggie back in her bed. But when he enters the room, he is hit by a chair to the back. Maggie has dressed in the clothing placed in her room and was hiding behind the door. She jams a knee down onto him and grabs his gun, using him as a hostage to get out of wherever she is. She makes her way through an office area toward the main exit; Bob telling all the employees in the compound to return to their desks and make no threatening moves. Several armed security guards converge, but Bob tells them to keep their weapons lowered. As they reach the door, Maggie demands that Bob open it, but Bob says it is controlled remotely, and the people with the power to unlock it will not do so, even at the expense of his life. A security rifle is lazing her up for a precision shot through her forehead. Bob calmly asks Maggie for his gun back. Maggie seems about to comply when she suddenly pushes the barrel into her mouth and pulls the trigger. But the gun doesn't fire. Bob grabs the gun and knocks her down, telling her that a smart agent never chambers the first round. Pulling the slide to chamber the round as he says this, Bob shoots her in the thigh to "slow her down". A day or so later, Bob goes to see Maggie later in her room. Her leg has been bandaged and she's been given more time to think, but now Bob wants an answer. At first, Maggie is still resentful and rebellious, but her survival instincts take over and she submits. She wants some things, however, to make her life in the compound easier-- among them, some music from her favorite artist, Nina Simone. Bob agrees to have it brought to her. Maggie begins undergoing the lessons; she is shown how to operate a computer, trained in combat, and the most challenging of her lessons: social manners and etiquette, and posture and grace of movement, and proper use of language and grammar, all under the stern but caring eye of one of the instructors, Amanda ( Anne Bancroft ). Bob goes to see Maggie at her room. Her reports are coming along excellent, and she is doing well in her lessons. But with all her progress, Maggie is going stir-crazy confined inside the compound, and asks desperately to take just a short walk outside. Bob reveals that he also was once in her place as a recruit, and was going through the same things that she is now. But he can't let her outside. Maggie starts to become rebellious again and during a firearm exercise indiscriminately shoots all the targets for fun; both 'bad guys' and 'innocents.' At a dinner lesson, she becomes frustrated with the use of a knife and fork and finally starts to eat using her hands. Bob and his supervisor, Kaufman ( Miguel Ferrer ) notice, and are talking about her in Kaufman's office. Bob insists he can bring Maggie back around, reminding Kaufman that a young woman operative is needed 'out in the field.' He says recruits need up to two years to complete their lessons and training, but Kaufman tells Bob that Maggie is only getting six months; after that, if there is no sign of visible improvement, she will be killed. Bob brings Maggie a birthday cake for her birthday. She is very pleased with the cake, but then Bob tells her the ultimatum issued by Kaufman. Bob lightly kisses her cheek as a happy-birthday wish, before leaving her room. Later, Amanda finds Maggie sitting at the foot of the stairs and Maggie pleads to Amanda for help. Under Amanda's tutelage, Maggie quickly masters her lessons. She comes down the stairs, elegantly attired in a black evening dress, black stockings and pumps, her hair styled; her face properly made up... she looks stately and beautiful. Maggie is to be taken to dinner by Bob, just the two of them... outside of the compound. Bob helps her into a light coat and takes her outside where a limousine is waiting. Bob and Maggie are seated at a table in an elegant restaurant. Bob hands Maggie a gift-wrapped package that she opens to display an elegant wooden box. Inside is a high-powered, sleek handgun and a spare clip of ammunition. She listens numbly as Bob discreetly points out two men seated together with a woman at the upper level of the restaurant; one of the men is a V.I.P. and the other man is his bodyguard. Maggie is to kill the VIP; two bullets minimum and go to the last stall of the men's room where a window leads to the courtyard, where a car will be waiting. Maggie kicks her shoes off, slips the spare clip into her her cleavage. She takes the gun and slips up the stairs. She reaches the VIP's table and the bodyguard promptly reacts, but Maggie is faster and quickly puts a bullet in his chest; then takes out the VIP, one bullet in the head and one in the chest. Taking advantage of the sudden chaos, Maggie evades several armed security guards and makes it to the men's room... but she finds that the escape window Bob told her about is bricked up and she cannot get out. Maggie doubles back and makes it into the restaurant's kitchen, pursued by armed men who indiscriminately begin shooting, killing the kitchen staff. They have Maggie pinned down, but her return fire kills several of the VIP bodyguards and keeps them at bay. One of the men loads a portable rocket into his rifle. Desperate now, Maggie spots a laundry chute and dives into it just ahead of the rocket and explosion. Escaping from the restaurant, Maggie runs out into the rainy nights and flings her gun into the Tidal Basin. Back at the compound, Maggie finds Bob waiting for her in her room. Confronted on the bricked-up window, Bob says he knew about it-- it was her 'final test.' Maggie becomes furious and backhands Bob off his chair, grabbing him by his shirt collar. Bob tells her that by passing this final test, Maggie has won her freedom; she will be released from the compound the next day. Calming down, Maggie gives Bob a sharp, semi-passionate kiss and says it's the last one she'll give him. Maggie is being prepared for release. Bob tells Kaufman she's ready to be a field operative; Kaufman sternly warns Maggie that he considers her a dangerous loose cannon. Maggie is smartly dressed in a sharp skirt suit, looking to be a professional business woman. Bob explains her cover identity, saying her public name will be Claudia Doran, and she's a Chicago native. She'll be living in Venice, California, working as a computer sales official, therefore having to travel a lot. He gives her all her necessary papers-- passport, birth certificate, and driver's license-- and an envelope with enough money to buy herself a new car. In accordance with her affinity for Nina Simone, Maggie's code name will be Nina. Stepping out of the compound looking like any other working professional, Maggie hails a taxi cab to take her to the airport. Maggie's first task in Venice is to find a place to stay. Walking down a street, she spots a sign outside a small apartment building saying that an apartment is for rent. Approaching the manager, a young man named J.P. ( Dermot Mulroney ), she inquires about the apartment. He shows her around, having warned her that it would take a lot of work before it was fully ready as it is trashed, but Maggie is pleased with the ocean view from the window and says she'll take the apartment. Maggie's next task is buying herself groceries. She walks through the supermarket, pushing her cart a little aimlessly; clearly not sure how to go about picking up food. Following another woman shopper's choices she loads her cart up with cans of canned ravioli, cantaloupes, a stack of packaged TV dinners, and half a dozen loaves of bread. J.P. happens to be in the supermarket as well. When Maggie drops a number of her ravioli cans while preparing to check out, he comes to help her place her groceries on the register counter. They make some small talk as the cashier begins ringing up the items. She boldly invites him to join her for dinner that evening. Over dinner, J.P. tells Maggie a little about himself; in return for managing the building and collecting rent checks for the landlord, he gets half off his own rent. In his spare time, he's working on building up a photography portfolio. Maggie listens in rapt fascination, and suddenly takes a piece of ravioli in her mouth and playfully approaches J.P., inviting him to bite off the half that's sticking out of her mouth. J.P. briefly hesitates but then follows through, and Maggie begins to kiss him. They begin a relationship. He helps her fix up her apartment and takes a number of photographs of her. Four months later. J.P. finally has noticed that outside of him, Maggie seems to know nobody in the neighborhood and has no friends or family. He realizes he doesn't know a lot about her life. Maggie is agreeable to J.P. asking her some questions... but the ones he asks take her completely off-guard; questions that the cover identity prepared for her don't take into account. J.P. notes her reaction and walks away, a little upset. Maggie goes up to him while he gazes out of her window, and finally tells him a little about her true self; her actual connection to artist Nina Simone-- who was not only her favorite musician, but also her mother's. Maggie explains her love for the simple passion in Nina Simone's music, and how she plays it when she thinks about her mother. Maggie is laying with J.P. in her bed one morning when her phone rings. She answers it, and hears a man on the other end address her as Nina. She's being called to an operative assignment at the Marriott hotel in Century City and is expected at the personnel entrance in an hour. Making up a cover story for J.P. about needing to hurry to El Segundo to salvage the sale of 500 computer video cards, Maggie dresses and heads out. At the Marriott, Maggie goes to the personnel entrance and makes her way to the room service office, where a man in a suit is seeing to the room service staff and two maids, who are tied to chairs and gagged and blindfolded. The man in charge hands Maggie a maid's uniform and tells her to put it on. Once she's dressed, she's told simply to wait. A short while later, a phone rings, and one of the operatives takes the call, posing as a member of the room service staff. He politely takes the service order and prints up a receipt, telling the caller that the order will take 15 minutes to arrive. The other operatives quickly set to work preparing glasses of orange juice, a bowl of cereal, several cups and kettles for coffee and tea. The lead operative carefully places a circular disc-shaped object into the base of the coffee pot. Maggie is to bring the room service tray to its destination and then return. Maggie delivers the room service tray, looking a little nervous as a man in a suit outside the doorway quickly frisks her to make sure she's unarmed. She brings the tray inside the suite where a number of men in suits make small talk. One of the security agents quickly checks the items on the tray, and then signs the receipt for Maggie. Maggie returns to the room service office, where the operatives are listening and recording all sounds from the suite through an eavesdropping device concealed in the room service tray. She gives the receipt booklet to the lead operative and asks what she needs to do now. Shrugging and looking as though the answer should be obvious, he tells Maggie that she is free to return home. Changing back into her skirt suit and once again looking like a working professional, Maggie leaves the hotel and smiles as she heads back to her car. As she prepares to start her car up-- a major, fiery explosion suddenly tears through the top floor of the hotel. Maggie knows that she delivered the tray that not only concealed a listening device, but also must have concealed a high-power explosive. Bob is waiting for her outside her building. Everyone at headquarters, including Kaufman, is pleased at her performance. Headquarters knows she's met a man and is romantically involved with him... Bob now needs to meet J.P. himself. Over Maggie's protests, he tells her that she needs to invite him to her home for dinner. Bob arrives at Maggie's house for the dinner with Maggie and J.P., posing as Maggie's uncle. During the meal, Bob and J.P. do most of the talking; Bob relaying carefully prepared answers about himself. J.P. asks Bob a little about Maggie, which infuriates her as she had managed to talk J.P. into neither of them talking a lot about their respective backgrounds. Maggie angrily lashes out at J.P. and carelessly lets slip a detail about having come from the ghettos of Kansas City-- despite her cover identity being about having come from Chicago. Bob defuses the situation by telling a gentle story about how Maggie was born in Kansas City. Maggie gives a small smile as she listens to Bob. Bob tells J.P. that he is in the travel business, and is giving both of them a present-- tickets to New Orleans for the Mardi Gras. Maggie suspects that this is a cover to get her to New Orleans where she will have a field assignment. In New Orleans, Maggie has some time to enjoy the Mardi Gras festival with J.P., but as they head in search of a suitable bistro to get a meal, they are accosted by two men intent on robbing them. J.P. hands over some cash, but the muggers are not satisfied with anything less than everything they are carrying. Maggie quickly lashes out, putting her training to use, subduing both assailants... and then having to explain to J.P., although he is impressed at how she handled herself. She calls room service for a meal but the happiness is cut short when the call for Nina arrives. The caller tells her that the bathroom cabinet has a hidden compartment. Maggie manages to excuse herself to take a bath, filling the tub as cover so she can search the cabinet. She finds a headset and walkie-talkie and sets them up. Her caller tells her to look in the drawers under the sink, and she finds a high-power rifle with a sophisticated silencer barrel and scope, assembling them quickly and expertly. She's then directed to open her window, but there's no handle. She uses the bath at to muffle the sound of her breaking the glass. Her caller directs her to aim at an approaching limousine, but he has to wait for further instructions while she is stalling for time with J.P., who has decided he wants to propose to her. Maggie tries to stifle her tears. Room service arrives which buys Maggie a minute or two as J.P. takes the order and signs the receipt. But her caller still hasn't been identified who Maggie's target is. As J.P. returns to trying to get Maggie to answer him, she is finally told that her target is a woman in white; a woman dressed as Marie Antoinette along with two suited bodyguards approach the limo. J.P. outside the bathroom door and Maggie's caller are both unknowingly vying for her attention, taking away from her focus and she struggles desperately for composure. Finally she makes her shot and kills the woman dressed as Marie Antoinette just before J.P. finally opens the door and confronts Maggie. He sees she's still in her shirt and panties, even though the tub is full, and he notices the broken window. Tearfully, her voice a whisper, Maggie finally confesses that long ago, she did something very bad, and although she came through it, she must spend the rest of her life paying a bitter price. J.P. is moved to compassion and comforts her, but when she begs him to understand that she has her reasons for being secretive, he says he'll take it "for now." She's hidden the rifle and radio in the bathtub. Another few days later, Maggie confronts Bob at the operation HQ in Washington. She tells him she's had enough and wants out, but Bob sternly rebuffs her, warning her that 'out' doesn't exist in their field. She tries to appeal to his sense of humanity, insisting that she is no longer the same cold-hearted murderer who he saved from execution. Bob hands Maggie a dossier on a wealthy man named Fahd Bahktiar ( Richard Romanus ), saying that the job needed is specifically what she was trained for; only a woman operative could hope to pull it off. The job entails impersonating his girlfriend to get onto his estate, then killing him and destroying his computer containing secret data on sensitive nuclear information he's peddling to the Middle East... after she downloads it to discs to bring back. Maggie goes to see Amanda and asks whether Amanda believes she would be capable of leaving the agency. Amanda finally tells Maggie that she doesn't know. Maggie thanks her and leaves... dropping the dossier in a trash bin on her way out. Back at Maggie's home in California, she is taking out trash and finds Bob outside. He's recovered the dossier and hands it back to her. Relenting on his initial position, he quietly tells her that if she completes the job, he'll try to help her in return. Maggie spends time with her assistant, Beth ( Lorraine Toussaint ), researching Fahd's girlfriend, Angela ( Olivia d'Abo ), studying acquired tapes of a birthday party Fahd threw for her, so Maggie can properly impersonate her. As they are doing their work, J.P. arrives home. His reception of Beth is completely cynical and sarcastic; he's figured out by now that Bob is not Maggie's uncle and that the black Beth is not a relative. Maggie and Beth pose as stylists that are due to make up Angela's hair and nails. On the terrace, they discreetly try to offer her some jasmine tea which has been drugged, but Angela demurs, saying she doesn't drink tea. Forced to improvise, Maggie waits until Angela puts her hands in Beth's, then Beth grips her hands to hold them while Maggie covers Angela's mouth and injects her with a knockout drug. Unfortunately, before Angela succumbs to the drug, her muffled cries alert her bodyguards and a gunfight breaks out. The two bodyguards are killed, but Beth is hit and wounded. She calls Kaufman to report in, and Maggie is horrified to learn from Beth that Kaufman is calling in "a cleaner". The Cleaner, Victor ( Harvey Keitel ) arrives to salvage the operation. He puts the two dead guards, along with a security agent he killed getting into the building, into the hot tub and puts Angela inside as well even though she's unconscious, and begins pouring strong acid into the tubs as part of 'clean-up.' Beth, who knows that there were supposed to be no side casualties in the job, is horrified, but Victor silences Beth with a bullet to her heart. Maggie, getting scared, knows that she can't afford any more screw-ups in finishing the job. She makes herself up as Angela and Victor drives her to Fahd's. Back at HQ, Kaufman is telling Bob that a cleaner was brought in to make sure the problems that have already arisen in the operation, won't cause a backlash that implicates them. This also includes orders for Victor that after Maggie finishes the job, she must also be killed. Maggie, disguised as Angela, gains entrance to Fahd's house, She goes to the bathroom where he is taking a bath, and pulls her gun, ordering him to go to his computer and bring up his nuclear program. Bob is seen hurrying out of the HQ building and into his car. Maggie herds Fahd into his study and makes him access his computer. When the monitor shows a system error, Maggie suspects him of stalling and pushes him aside, entering a command to write to a floppy disk. But the disk drive is encrypted and requires a password. Maggie threatens Fahd by telling him to imagine what a bullet in the stomach would feel like, in order to get the password from him. Putting a disk into the drive, she begins copying all the data. One of Fahd's security agents tells Victor that he cannot stay parked where he is and has to move his car. Victor pretends to cooperate, but throws the car into reverse so that the agent is scooped up onto the trunk and tossed over a low fence to tumble down the steep hill that Fahd's estate is located atop. Maggie finishes copying the data and inserts a device into the computer's disk drive that fries all of the computer's circuits and the hard drive. She orders Fahd on the ground, which Fahd knows means she intends to kill him. Maggie's hand shakes and Fahd notices that she is struggling to carry out her orders. Fahd's survival instincts kick in and he leaps up, tackling Maggie to the ground and wrestling for control of her gun while he yells for his chief bodyguard. Maggie manages to hit Fahd in the head, knocking him out, and then fights her way past several guards to leap into Victor's waiting car. More guards converge, shooting, as the main gate closes to cut off exit. But Victor drives off the main path to bust through a side fence, making it onto a road and escaping. Maggie says she's through and has had enough... but as Victor turns to look at her, she realizes that Victor is planning to kill her. As Victor reaches for his gun, Maggie bashes him with her purse and grabs the hand brake for the car, careening it out of control and leaving it half perched on a bend in the road over a steep incline. Victor hits Maggie in her face, knocking her out of the car. He leaps down after her and they fight. Maggie crawls into a shallow space between the car and the ground, and Victor tries to get at her with a knife. When Victor braces himself by grabbing onto the underside of the car, Maggie lashes out with her boot and the car tips further over the edge of the road, pinning Victor underneath it and partially crushing him. Maggie tries to crawl out sideways from the shallow space protecting her, but Victor manages to grab her by her throat. They struggle until the car finally slides over the edge of the road, breaking Victor's grip and crushing him completely as it slides all the way down the incline, taking him with it. Bob arrives on the scene as a fire crew is on the scene. They show him where Victor's car is, but there's no sign of Maggie. Maggie has managed to make it back home and takes a shower. She goes to her bed, finding J.P. seemingly asleep, but she can tell by his breathing that he's awake. J.P. sits up and is horrified on seeing that Maggie is bruised and banged up. He kisses her lightly and gives her a hug. Bob arrives at Maggie's home and is let in by J.P., whose reaction at the sight of Bob shows that he understands more about his true connection to Maggie than Bob would care for. J.P. shows Bob that Maggie has left home and taken none of her personal belongings with her, not even her purse-- nothing but the clothes on her back... and J.P. understands some of the reasons why. J.P. asks Bob to just let Maggie go. When Bob says he can't, J.P. hands him the disk Maggie was supposed to get for him-- she'd left it with J.P. to give to Bob. Bob picks up one of Maggie's Nina Simone records and asks if he can take it with him. As Bob starts to drive off, Maggie is seen watching from further down a side street. Shivering briefly, she starts to walk down the street. As she walks, Bob suddenly pulls back and looks intently at her. He calls Kaufman on his mobile phone. He says there was a bad car wreck last night, and Victor is dead, but all the information they needed was salvaged. Bob seems to struggle for a long moment, but finally tells Kaufman that Maggie is dead as well. Maggie half turns and notices Bob's car driving off. She knows that he spotted her and recognized her and has left her alone. 
 Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019)321) In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come. While the First Order continues to ravage the galaxy, Rey finalizes her training as a Jedi. But danger suddenly rises from the ashes as the evil Emperor Palpatine mysteriously returns from the dead. While working with Finn and Poe Dameron to fulfill a new mission, Rey will not only face Kylo Ren once more, but she will also finally discover the truth about her parents as well as a deadly secret that could determine her future and the fate of the ultimate final showdown that is to come. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl reveals that a mysterious broadcast has been heard across the galaxy in the voice of the late Emperor Palpatine. General Leia Organa dispatches agents across the galaxy to gather information on this, while Kylo Ren, now Supreme Leader of the First Order, searches for Palpatine in an effort to eliminate all potential threats to his power. He steals an ancient Sith device called a "Wayfinder" from the planet Mustafar, and uses it to navigate the galaxy's unknown regions. Soon, he finds Exagol, the mythical home world of the Sith. Sure enough, Palpatine awaits him there, having returned from the dead via unnatural means following Darth Vader's betrayal in Return Of The Jedi - though he still needs to be hooked up to machinery operated by a cult-like group of Sith loyalists to stay alive. Palpatine reveals he has been pulling the strings of the First Order this whole time - he created Snoke to act as a puppet leader, and helped tempt Kylo to the Dark Side. Kylo intends to kill Palpatine like he killed Snoke, but the former Emperor reveals that he has spent the last 30 years constructing an entire fleet of Star Destroyers - each with the power of a Death Star. He tells Kylo that he could be the ruler of the new Galactic Empire if he destroys Rey, and ends the Jedi Order. But he also warns Kylo that there is more to Rey's story than he may realize... Meanwhile, Finn, Poe Dameron and Chewbacca meet with an informant for the Resistance who tells them that there is a spy in the First Order leaking information. He gives them a message in the form of a data encoder, but squadrons of TIE-Fighters arrive and attack them. Finn, Poe and Chewie are forced to flee in the Millennium Falcon, which takes some damage during their escape, but ultimately manages to get away and destroy a number of its pursuers. On the jungle world Ajan-Kloss, where the Resistance is currently based, Rey is learning the ways of the Force from Leia. She expresses frustration at her inability to communicate with the ghosts of the Jedi who came before, but Leia patiently encourages her young student. During her training session, Rey is startled when she has a shared vision with Kylo Ren, due to their Force connection - flashes of scenes from the previous two movies are shown during this scene. She becomes distracted by the vision, and accidentally drops a tree on BB8. The Falcon returns from its mission. Rey, appalled by the state it's in, argues with Poe, who is frustrated that she chooses to stay back at the base training when she's the best fighter the Resistance has. Poe then reveals to the rest of the Resistance that their worst fears have been confirmed: Palpatine is back, and in 16 hours, his massive fleet will be unleashed onto the galaxy. This will be what the Sith Lord calls "the Final Order". The Resistance will need to get to Exagol and destroy the fleet before it is released, but C3PO explains that there are no maps leading there. Rey remembers something she read in the Jedi texts from Ahch-To - that Luke had gone on a failed search for a Sith wayfinder (the only other one in existence) sometime before his self-imposed exile. All that is known is that the Wayfinder is somewhere on the desert planet Pasaana. Leia agrees to send Rey there and meet with a contact of hers. Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO and BB8 insist on coming along. The heroes say their goodbyes - Finn to Rose Tico, 3PO to R2D2, and Rey to Leia - before departing in the Falcon. Having repaired his damaged helmet, Kylo Ren convenes a meeting of the First Order council. He informs his Generals that there is a spy in their midst. Generals Hux and Pryde stare at each other accusingly. One General expresses skepticism about Palpatine's true intentions behind helping them, but Kylo Force-chokes him and levitates his body aggressively to the ceiling. He then prepares to hunt down Rey with his Knights of Ren. The Falcon lands on Pasaana, and the crew arrive at a vibrant festival. Rey is asked her name by one of the natives, and she replies that she's "just Rey". Kylo then reaches out to Rey via the Force and figures out where she is by taking the necklace she was given by the natives of Pasaana. Rey warns her friends that the First Order is coming. The group is then met by Leia's contact, who turns out to be none other than Lando Calrissian. He reveals that many years ago, he accompanied Luke on a mission to track down a man named Ochi, who may have had information regarding the location of the second Wayfinder. They found Ochi's ship abandoned in the desert, where it remains to this day. Lando chose to remain on Pasaana. He gives the heroes directions to where Ochi's ship lies. First Order Stormtroopers arrive, forcing the heroes to flee through the desert. The group ends up sinking through Quicksand, and find themselves in an underground cave where they discover Ochi's remains. Next to him is a dagger that 3PO realizes has an inscription written in the ancient language of the Sith. Unfortunately, his programming forbids him from translating it, much to Poe's frustration. They are then attacked by a giant creature which Rey realizes is injured, and heals with the Force. The creature tunnels an escape route for them out of gratitude. Outside, they find Ochi's ship, but Rey senses that Kylo is near, and goes to hold him off so her friends have time to escape. She damages Kylo's TIE-Fighter, but Chewie is captured by the Knights of Ren along with the dagger, and placed on a First Order transport ship. Rey tries to pull the transport towards her with the Force, but Kylo attempts to do the same. Eventually, a burst of Force Lightning unexpectedly shoots from Rey's hand, destroying the transport. Rey is devastated that she has seemingly killed Chewie, but escapes in Ochie's ship with her friends, while Kylo and his troops steal the Falcon. Finn comforts Rey on the ship, as she is still heartbroken over Chewie. 3PO reveals that he committed the dagger's inscription to his memory, and the group figures out that if they could bypass 3PO's programming, he could translate it for them. Poe says he knows a black market Droidsmith on the planet Kijimi who might be able to do just that. Meanwhile, BB8 befriends another little droid called D-O on the ship. The group lands on Kijimi, and encounter a Spice Runner named Zorii Bliss, who is revealed to be an old friend (and possibly ex-lover) of Poe's. Zorii brings them to Babu Frik, the droidsmith Poe mentioned. Frik says he can bypass 3PO's programming, but in doing so, he will have to wipe the droid's memory. Despite this, 3PO insists on going ahead with it anyway, prepared to sacrifice his memory for the good of the Resistance's cause. Frik hacks into 3PO's memory, and he translates the inscription, revealing that the other Wayfinder is on the remains of the second Death Star. 3PO then reboots, having lost all his memories. Zorii gives Poe a First Order captain's medallion to help them get through the First Order's security. The First Order arrives on Kijimi, having tracked the group there. Rey senses that Chewie is alive on their ship, and realizes he must have been on a different transport to the one she destroyed. The heroes agree to use the medallion to get on board the ship and rescue Chewie and the Falcon. On board the ship, the group is separated - Finn and Poe are captured alongside Chewie. Rey comes across the Sith dagger, and touches it, experiencing a vision that reveals Ochi killed her parents. It seems that he had been sent after her, and her parents sold her to keep their daughter safe. Kylo senses that Rey is on board his ship. Finn, Poe and Chewie are about to be executed by the First Order. However, Hux saves them and reveals that he is the spy - he doesn't care whether or not the Resistance wins, but he is sabotaging the First Order's cause out of spite towards Kylo Ren. Kylo arrives to confront Rey, and finally reveals the truth to her: her father was the son of Palpatine, making her the Emperor's granddaughter. He also reveals that they are connected because they are a "dyad" in the Force, and once again tries to convince her to join him. Rey refuses, and escapes on the Falcon with Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO, BB8 and D-O. General Pryde figures out that Hux was the spy, and kills him. Palpatine then issues an order for Kijimi to be destroyed by one of his Star Destroyers. The First Order is still able to follow the heroes, because they scanned the dagger and translated its inscription before they arrived. The remains of the second Death Star are located on an ocean moon near Endor. There, the group are met by a tribe of ex-Stormtroopers led by a young woman named Jannah. She and Finn bond over having both escaped from the First Order. Rey braves her way through the perilous ocean to make her way to the Death Star. She gets the Wayfinder, then has a vision of herself as a Sith. Kylo then arrives and destroys the Wayfinder, meaning Rey can only reach Exagol if she comes with him. Rey becomes angered, and they begin a lightsaber duel. For a time, it looks like Kylo is winning - but Leia senses the duel back on Ajan-Kloss. Desperate, Leia reaches out to her son through the Force, causing him to hesitate. Rey takes this opportunity to stab Kylo with her lightsaber - but realizes too late that this also affects Leia, since she and Kylo were connected at the time. Rey heals Kylo with the Force, but is unable to save Leia, who dies back at the base. Distraught, and still haunted by the revelation of her true lineage, Rey steals Kylo's TIE-Fighter and leaves. She returns to Ahch-To, intending to exile herself there as Luke once did. But when she tries to burn the Skywalker lightsaber, Luke's Force Ghost appears and stops her. He tells her that she must not make the same mistake he did, and reveals that Leia knew of her Palpatine lineage all along, but still trained her. He then gives her a lightsaber that was intended for Leia before she gave up her Jedi training because of her pregnancy. Rey remembers that Kylo has the other Wayfinder in his TIE-Fighter and removes it. Luke levitates his X-Wing out of the water (mirroring the scene where Yoda does the same thing in The Empire Strikes Back), and Rey sets a course for Exagol. Meanwhile, Kylo is more conflicted than ever, and racked with remorse over his mother's death. He has a vision of his father, Han Solo, encouraging him to renounce the Dark Side and return to the light. Kylo tosses his lightsaber away, reclaiming his identity as Ben Solo. With Kylo presumed dead, Pryde takes command of the Sith fleet on Exagol, and destroys Kijimi. We also learn that Pryde served Palpatine during the days of the Galactic Empire. Finn, Poe and the others (now accompanied by Jannah) return to Ajan-Kloss, and are informed of Kijimi's destruction as well as Leia's death. Chewie breaks down and howls in anguish over Leia's passing, and Poe is informed that he is to succeed her as General. Poe does not feel that he has what it takes to be the leader Leia was. Lando arrives, and Poe asks him how he, Leia, Han and Luke were able to take on a whole Empire when the odds seemed stacked against them. Lando replies that they had each other, and encourages Poe. R2 backs up 3PO's memory, and then starts receiving a signal from Luke's X-Wing. Realizing it's Rey, and that she is leading them all to Exagol, Poe appoints Finn as his co-General, and prepares to lead a Resistance fleet against Palpatine's Star Destroyers. Lando is sent off in the Falcon to gather reinforcements from across the galaxy. Rey arrives on Exagol and confronts Palpatine, who tells her to strike him down, so his spirit may pass into her. He threatens to destroy her friends if she does not. Rey is about to carry out the deed, but senses that Ben has arrived to help her. The two manage to share Leia's lightsaber via their Force connection, and take down the Knights of Ren together. Palpatine realizes they are a dyad in the Force, and draws life force from them, rejuvenating himself. He declares that nothing will stop the return of the Sith, and tosses Ben down a nearby chasm, seemingly killing him. The Resistance engages in battle with the First Order's fleet, but all seems hopeless, as they are outnumbered and overpowered. Just as Poe thinks the battle is lost, Lando arrives with a massive fleet of ships from across the galaxy. Among the reinforcements are Zorii and Babu Frik (who escaped Kijimi before it was destroyed) and Rebellion veteran Wedge Antilles. Now, the Resistance has their own army capable of taking on the First Order. In Palpatine's throne-room, a weakened Rey lies on the floor. Suddenly, she begins to hear the voices of the fallen Jedi reaching out to her - she hears Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Yoda, Qui-Gon Jinn, Mace Windu, Ahsoka Tano, Kanan Jarrus, Aayla Secura, Luminara Unduli, Adi Gallia, and finally, Luke Skywalker, all of whom say that they will stand behind her, and she must rise up to destroy the Emperor and restore balance. Rey gets to her feet, and Palpatine attempts to shoot Force Lighting at her, which she deflects with Leia and Luke's lightsabers. Palpatine angrily says that she is powerless to stop him, and declares "I am ALL THE SITH!". Rey responds "and I...am all the Jedi", and deflects the lighting back at her grandfather, disintegrating his body and destroying the lord of the Sith once and for all. The effort drains all life from Rey, and she begins to die. Ben crawls out of the chasm and transfers his life force to Rey, reviving her. They share a kiss before he dies, redeemed just like his grandfather before him. Meanwhile, the Resistance destroys the First Order's fleet, killing Pryde. The heroes reunite at Ajan-Kloss. Maz Kanata presents Chewie with one of the medals Leia presented Luke and Han with in A New Hope. Lando offers to help Jannah find her long-lost family. Rey, Finn and Poe embrace, celebrating their victory over the First Order. Sometime later, Rey and BB8 take the Falcon to Tatooine, and visit the now-abandoned Lars homestead where Luke Skywalker was raised by his aunt and uncle. She buries the Skywalker lightsabers there, having constructed her own. A local passes by, and remarks that nobody has come by here in a long time. She asks who Rey is. Rey tells her her name. "Rey who?" asks the stranger. As the ghosts of Luke and Leia smile over her, Rey responds "Rey Skywalker". She and BB8 then watch the twin suns of Tatooine, just as Luke used to do as a young man - but now, they are rising and not setting. 
 Conan the Destroyer (1984)431) Conan leads a ragtag group of adventurers on a quest for a princess. The wandering barbarian, Conan, alongside his goofy rogue pal, Malak, are tasked with escorting Queen Taramis' virgin niece, Princess Jehnna and her bodyguard, Bombaata, to a mystical island fortress. They must retrieve a magical crystal that will help them procure the horn that legends say can awaken the god of dreams, Dagoth. Along the way, Conan reunites with the wise wizard, Akiro and befriends the fierce female fighter, Zula. Together the heroes face ancient traps, powerful Wizards, plots of betrayal, and even the dream god, Dagoth, himself! Tim Harrison Snlmidgit@hotmail.com After crushing the empire of Thulsa Doom, the evil servant of the serpent-god, Set, in Conan the Barbarian (1982) , Conan, mightier than ever, agrees to embark on a new dangerous quest, on a promise of a tempting reward. Recruited by the icy Queen Taramis of Shadizar, the untamed sword-wielding barbarian, along with a band of equally reckless outcasts, escort the ruler's niece, Princess Jehnna, on a perilous journey to retrieve the Jewelled Horn of Dagoth, the Dreaming God. However, treason threatens not only the mission but also their very lives, as the amphibious oceanic deity can plunge the entire world into chaos and darkness, once it awakens. In a cruel, barbaric world, can Conan defeat terrible mortal and supernatural adversaries to save humankind? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. While praying at an altar with his traveling companion and fellow thief Malak (Tracey Walter), Conan (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is confronted by Queen Taramis (Sarah Douglas) of Shadazar, who tests the pair in combat with several of her guards attempting to capture him. She tells him that she has a quest for him, which he initially refuses. The queen uses her power to learn his greatest desire, to resurrect his beloved Valeria, and promises to bring her back to him, to which Conan agrees to the quest. They learn that the queen's niece, Jehnna (Olivia d'Abo) has been destined, due to a special birthmark, to find a special jewel that only she can touch and with it obtain the jewelled horn of the dreaming god, Dagoth. She tasks Conan and Malak to protect her on this journey, while her captain of the guard, Bombaata (Wilt Chamberlain), is secretly asked to betray and kill Conan once the task is complete so they can sacrifice Jehnna to the god without interruption. Due to the task of confronting a powerful wizard for the gem, Conan seeks the help of his friend, another wizard named Akiro (Mako) whom he saved from a tribe of cannibals that were about to eat him to absorb his magic power. Enroute they also meet Zula (Grace Jones), a powerful warrior and a bandit whom Jehnna and Conan save from being tortured by a group of villagers she and other bandits tried to raid, she joins the quest indebted to Conan for saving her life. They find their way to the wizard Toth-Amon's (Pat Roach) icy castle upon a lake. When they camp, however, the wizard transforms into a bird of smoke and takes Jehnna during the night. The travelers make their way into the castle and Conan is able to defeat the wizard, destroying the illusion and prompting a hasty escape from the castle. With the jewel now in hand they start to make their way to where the horn is hidden. Jehnna expresses interest in Conan, but he drunkenly rejects her for Valeria. They make their way to an ancient temple, and using the power of the jewel Jehnna is able to find and obtain the horn. Guardians of the horn attack the group and they manage to slip out a back entrance. Bombaata, having failed previously to kill Conan instead blocks their exit and takes Jehnna. After the others escape they make their way back to Shadizar and find their way inside due to a secret route Malak's "cousin's sister's brother" used previously to escape captivity. They confront Bombaata and Conan beats him in combat, killing him. Meanwhile, Jehnna is prepared to be sacrificed and the horn is placed upon the head of the Dagoth statue. Upon its first signs of life, they attempt to sacrifice Jehnna, but Zula intervenes and kills the Grand Vizier (Jeff Corey) first. Having received an improper sacrifice, the statue becomes angry and begins to twist and distort into the demonic of version Dagoth (Andr the Giant). Queen Taramis is killed and Conan battles the Dagoth, eventually killing it by removing the horn from its head. After the battle, the newly crowned queen Jehnna offers each of her companions a place in her new court. Zula becomes the new captain of the guard, because Jehnna does not see any reason why a woman can't do as good a job as any man. Akiro becomes her new wiseman and advisor, and Malak steps forward and nearly trips, qualifying him for the position of court fool. She offers Conan her hand and the opportunity to rule the kingdom together, which he declines; having been promised a kingdom already, and departs on his own for further adventures and to find his own place in the world. 