nm0010525:

 Adelheid und ihre Mrder (19932007)Summaries Secretary Adelheid is the real brain behind solving the murder cases of a Hamburg police homicide unit, much to the chagrin of her boss. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hundert Jahre Brecht (1998)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In aller Freundschaft (1998 )Summaries This show is focused on a fictional clinic in Leipzig called 'Sachsenklinik' as well as its staff and patients. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Der Vulkan (1999)Summaries Berlin, 1937. Marion von Kammer performs forbidden songs in a small theater that the Nazis are quick to destroy. Faced with the rise of fascism, Marion decides to leave for Zurich with her sister Tilly and their mother. Berlin 1937. In Germany, the fascists inexorably come to power. Marion Von Kammer watches helplessly as the Nazis destroy the small theater in which she performs forbidden songs. Disgusted by what has become of Berlin, Marion flees to Zurich with her sister Tilly and their mother. Tilly having left her love there, lives this exile in despair. Exiled again in Paris, Marion meets Martin. Together, they broadcast anti-fascist propaganda on a German underground radio station and Marion sings her forbidden songs in a small Parisian bar. But fascist ideology spreads like an octopus. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 