nm0010161:

 The Usual Suspects (1995)761) A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup. Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Sze is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Sze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Sze? Soumitra After a number of people are killed and a cargo ship set on fire, Roger 'Verbal' Kint is questioned by U.S. Customs Agent Dave Kujan. Reluctant at first, Verbal begins to tell them what happened starting with when he met four men, all criminals, sharing a holding cell for a few hours. Together, they join forces to successfully hijack a jewel shipment and head to Los Angeles to lay low. There they are contacted by a lawyer, Kobayashi, representing the much-feared international criminal Keyser Sze who wants them to do a job for him. The result is the attack on the cargo ship. Verbal refuses to give evidence in the case and is set free. Only then does Kujan realize what's really happened. garykmcd Police investigating an exploded boat on a San Pedro pier discover 27 bodies and $91 million worth of drug money. The only survivors are a severely burned and very scared Hungarian terrorist and Verbal Kint, a crippled con-man. Reluctantly, Kint is pressured into explaining exactly what happened on the boat. His story begins six weeks earlier with five criminals being dragged in by New York police desperate for suspects on a hijacked truck and ends with the possible identification of a criminal mastermind. John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@Student.derby.ac.uk> After a waterfront explosion, Verbal, an eye-witness and participant tells the story of events leading up to the conflagration. The story begins when five men are rounded up for a line-up, and grilled about a truck hijacking (the usual suspects). Least pleased is Keaton: a crooked cop - exposed, indicted, but now desperately trying to go straight. The cops won't leave him alone, however, and as they wait for their lawyers to post bail, he is talked into doing one more job with the other four. All goes tolerably well until the influence of the legendary, seemingly omnipotent "Keyser Sze" is felt. Although set in the modern day, it has much of the texture of the forties, plus suspense, intrigue (a fairly high body count), and lots of twists in the plot. <Phil.Kilby@dit.csiro.au> This is a film about five men who are hauled into the New York police station because a crime was committed and they are the usual suspects. They all agree to do a job together for a little revenge. However, little do they know that someone else has the strings and that they are all the puppets--all because each of them crossed the wrong person at the wrong time. After the big job, 27 people are dead, and there are two survivors. But the question is...who's the one controlling everything? thexotherxchris Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the deck of a ship in San Pedro, California, a figure identified as Keyser speaks with an injured man called Keaton. The two talk briefly, then Keyser appears to shoot Keaton before setting the ship ablaze. The next day, FBI Agent Jack Baer ( Giancarlo Esposito ) and U.S. Customs special agent Dave Kujan ( Chazz Palminteri ) arrive in San Pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. 27 people have been killed in the fire. There appear to be only two survivors: a crippled man named Roger 'Verbal' Kint ( Kevin Spacey ) and a hospitalized Hungarian criminal and crewman. Baer interrogates the Hungarian, who claims that Keyser Sze, a Turkish criminal mastermind with a nearly mythical reputation, was in the harbor "killing many men." The Hungarian begins to describe Sze while a translator interprets and a police sketch artist draws a rendering of Sze's face. Meanwhile, Verbal Kint tells the authorities everything he knows in exchange for immunity. After making his statement to the district attorney, Kint is placed in a police station office of Sgt. Jeff Rabin (Dan Hedaya), where both he and Kujan requests to hear the story again, from the beginning.... Verbal's tale starts six weeks earlier in New York City, when an armored truck containing spare gun parts is hijacked in Queens. The driver of the stolen truck was grabbed from behind and never saw the person or persons who accosted him, but the unknown hijacker spoke to him. Subsequently, the NYPD round up five different criminals: Dean Keaton ( Gabriel Byrne ) is a corrupt former police officer who has apparently given up his life of crime, and is arrested while eating dinner at a fancy restaurant; Michael McManus ( Stephen Baldwin ) is a crack shot with a temper and a wild streak, arrested in the middle of the night in his bed; Fred Fenster ( Benicio Del Toro ) is McManus's Hispanic partner who speaks in mangled English, and is nabbed on a street corner; Todd Hockney ( Kevin Pollak ) is a car mechanic and part-time hijacker who forms an instant rivalry with McManus, and is picked up while working on a car in his garage; and Verbal himself, who is a con artist that suffers from cerebral palsy. The five men are brought together for a lineup, and are told to say the phrase, "Give me the keys, you fucking cocksucker." They all manage to butcher the phrase. Later, while sitting in a holding cell, McManus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting New York's Finest Taxi service, a group of corrupt NYPD police officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. Their attack on one smuggler (Paul Bartel) goes off without a hitch, with farther reaching consequences as numerous other officers are indicted on corruption charges. With their loot, the quintet travels to California to sell it to McManus's fence, Redfoot ( Peter Greene ). Redfoot talks them into another job: robbing a purported jewel smuggler named Saul Bass. Instead of jewels or money, as they were told he was carrying, the smuggler had heroin. An angry confrontation between the thieves and Redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named Kobayashi ( Pete Postlethwaite ). The five criminals later meet with Kobayashi, who claims to work for Keyser Sze and blackmails them into destroying the cargo of a ship coming to San Pedro harbor. In the present, Verbal Kint tells Kujan the story of Keyser Sze as he apparently heard it. Verbal's flashback reveals Sze's family being harassed by a rival Hungarian gang in Turkey. Sze goes on a murderous vendetta against all those who were involved. Afterwards, he apparently disappears; thereafter, he rarely conducts business without an alias and maintains anonymity between himself and anyone working for him. With time, Sze's story takes on mythic stature, with most people either doubting his existence or disbelieving it entirely. Back in the present, Kint continues to tell his version of what happened then. His flashback resumes to reveal Fenster's attempt to run away, but he is tracked and killed (off-camera) by Kobayashi. The remaining four thieves kidnap Kobayashi, believing Sze to be a cover for his activities and intending to kill him if he does not leave them alone. Before McManus can execute him, Kobayashi reveals that lawyer Edie Finneran ( Suzy Amis ), Keaton's girlfriend, is in his office. Kobayashi also says that he has the will, the information, and the means to injure or kill the remaining four criminals' relatives if they do not go through with the arrangement. On the night of the cocaine deal, the sellers--a group of Argentine mobsters--are on the dock, as are the buyers--a group of Hungarian mobsters. Keaton tells Verbal to stay back, and to take the money to Edie if the plan goes awry so she can pursue Kobayashi "her way;" Verbal reluctantly agrees to do so. He watches the boat from a distance, in hiding, as Keaton, McManus and Hockney attack the men at the pier in a huge gunfight. During the battle, Hockney is killed as Keaton and McManus discover separately that there is no cocaine on the boat. Meanwhile, the Hungarians, yet untouched by the thieves, are being picked off by an unseen killer, and a closely-guarded Hispanic passenger is killed by an unseen assailant. McManus is killed with a knife to the back of his neck, and Keaton, turning away to leave, is shot in the back. A figure in a dark coat appears, presumably Keyser Sze, and lights a cigarette with a gold lighter. He appears to speak briefly with Keaton before apparently shooting him (the scene which began the film in medias res). In the present, with Verbal's story finished, Kujan reveals what he has deduced, with the aide of Agent Baer: The boat hijacking was not about cocaine, but rather to ensure that one man aboard the ship--the Hispanic passenger held captive, named Arturo (Castulo Guerra), one of the few individuals alive who could positively identify Sze--is killed. After Sze presumably killed the man, he eliminated everyone else on the ship and set it ablaze; Kujan reveals that Edie has also been killed. Kujan has concluded that Keaton was Keyser Sze. Verbal admits that the whole affair, from the beginning, was Keaton's idea. His bail having been posted, Verbal departs with his immunity. Verbal retrieves his personal effects from the property officer as Kujan, relaxing in Rabin's office that he used for the interrogation, notices that details and names from Verbal's story are words appearing on various objects around the room. 'Redfoot' is the name on a wanted poster, for example, and 'Kobayashi' is written on the bottom of a coffee cup that Verbal handled earlier. Quickly putting the pieces together, Kujan realizes that Verbal made up practically the entire story as he talked. He runs outside just as a fax arrives with the police artist's impression of Keyser Sze's face.... which resembles Verbal Kint. As he leaves the police station, Verbal's distinctive limp gradually disappears and he shakes out his palsied hand. He steps into a waiting car driven by "Mr. Kobayashi," departing just as Kujan comes outside to see too late that Kint is gone. Verbal Kint is Keyser Sze, so how much of his narration was truthful is open to interpretation. 
 Once Upon a Time... In Hollywood (2019)761) A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood visits 1969 Los Angeles, where everything is changing, as TV star Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his longtime stunt double Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt) make their way around an industry they hardly recognize anymore. The ninth film from the writer-director features a large ensemble cast and multiple storylines in a tribute to the final moments of Hollywood's golden age. 1969. Rick Dalton was once the star of a highly popular TV series but a few bad choices have set his career back, leaving him wondering if he should quit showbiz altogether. His best friend is Cliff Booth, an aging stuntman who was Dalton's stunt-double in movies and TV. His career is largely over. While Booth ekes out an existence, Dalton still lives a life of relative luxury in Hollywood, rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. In fact, his neighbours are Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate . grantss Set in Los Angeles, 1969. Over the hill TV actor, Rick Dalton, and his best friend and stunt-double, Cliff Booth, strive to reignite their careers as their failure is juxtaposed with the success of Rick's new next door neighbours: Sharon Tate Tate and Roman Polanski Rick and Cliff become unwittingly entangled with the infamous Manson family in the process. jmcrighton-892-694446 After a meteoric five-year rise to the top in the cut-throat world of dazzling Hollywood and a long decade of treading water, the once-young-and-popular action star, Rick Dalton, finds it difficult to swallow that the rapacious and always hungry for new blood film industry can do without him. Sensing that his career may be nearing its end, Rick along with his sympathetic confidant and former stunt double, Cliff Booth, face the grim possibility of a mundane new life in an ever-changing 1969 Los Angeles. Now, unlike his glamorous next-door neighbours--the young director fresh off the triumphant success of Rosemary's Baby (1968) , Roman Polanski , and the rising star of The Wrecking Crew (1968) , Sharon Tate --Rick has to make a difficult decision. Of course, none of them is aware that their fates, and their very lives, are on a collision course with a certain Charles Manson , and his army of ferociously zealous believers. Will Hollywood ever be the same after August 9, 1969? Nick Riganas Actor Rick Dalton gained fame and fortune by starring in a 1950s television Western, but is now struggling to find meaningful work in a Hollywood that he doesn't recognize anymore. He spends most of his time drinking and palling around with Cliff Booth, his easygoing best friend and longtime stunt double. Rick also happens to live next door to Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate -- the filmmaker and budding actress whose futures will forever be altered by members of the Manson Family. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a clip from an old Western TV series, "Bounty Law." It features action star Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) in the lead role as Jake Cahill, a renegade bounty hunter. Following the clip is an interview with Rick and his stuntman, Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt), both of whom describe Cliff's role as essentially carrying Rick's load. Saturday, February 8th, 1969 Rick and Cliff are in a restaurant where Rick is met by producer Marvin Schwarz (Al Pacino). He is a fan of Rick's work, having seen a double feature presentation of his where he plays an action star, including one where he is a GI that incinerates Nazis with a flamethrower (which he kept). Marvin also brings up a cheesy music video Rick was featured in. "Bounty Law" has since been canceled because of Rick's ongoing alcoholism (which is also why Cliff is his driver), and now Rick has booked a gig as a villain on the series "Lancer." Marvin thinks Rick ought to fly to Rome and shoot Spaghetti Westerns. Rick complains to Cliff about how this means that his career is going downhill, and he is now a has-been. Cliff drives Rick home, where they learn that Rick's new neighbors are director Roman Polanski (Rafal Zawierucha) and his wife, rising starlet Sharon Tate (Margot Robbie). Rick's mood turns around since he thinks that a big-time director like Polanski (hot off directing the recent thriller "Rosemary's Baby") can help reinvigorate his career. He goes to rehearse his lines for "Lancer" for the night. Cliff then drives home to his trailer, where he lives alone with his dog Brandy. Polanski brings Sharon to a party at the Playboy Mansion, where they meet with their friends Jay Sebring (Emile Hirsch), Steve McQueen (Damien Lewis), and Michelle Phillips (Rebecca Rittenhouse). Sharon goes dancing, while McQueen talks to Connie Stevens (Dreama Walker). He notes that Sharon is using Polanski to make Jay jealous, and Connie thinks that Sharon has a type - short men that "look like 12-year-old boys". Sunday, February 9th, 1969 After Polanski leaves, Sharon hangs out with Jay at her house. Visiting them is Charles Manson (Damon Herriman), claiming that he is coming to see his friends, the previous owners of the house that Polanski and Sharon now live in. He apologizes for the error and leaves. Cliff brings Rick to the set of "Lancer" for the day's shoot. He goes back to Rick's house after he asks Cliff to fix the antenna on his roof. He happens to spot Manson as he leaves, and he smiles and waves at Cliff. We then see a flashback to Rick talking to an old friend of his, Randy (Kurt Russell), into getting Cliff a gig. Randy shows reluctance since it is rumored that Cliff murdered his wife Billie (Rebecca Gayheart) and got away with it. The alleged incident is shown on a boat where Billie was nagging Cliff endlessly, but it cuts away before we see if Cliff really did shoot Billie with the harpoon gun he was holding. Randy brings Cliff to the set, where he meets Bruce Lee (Mike Moh), talking about wanting to fight boxer Muhammad Ali. When Lee catches Cliff laughing at what he's saying, he challenges him to a fight to see who knocks who on the ground first. Lee gets Cliff down first, and he retaliates by grabbing Lee and slamming him into a car. The two then go hand-to-hand until Janet (Zoe Bell), Randy's wife and fellow stunt coordinator comes in and is pissed to see Cliff and Lee fighting, and the huge dent that Cliff left in there, meaning he's fired. In the present, Sharon drives through Hollywood, where she goes to a local bookstore, and then goes to the local movie theater and sees that a film she is featured in, "The Wrecking Crew," is playing. She goes to the box office and asks for a ticket, but then asks if she gets any privilege for starring in the film. The manager comes out and recognizes Sharon from "Valley of the Dolls," and he invites her in. Throughout the film, Sharon listens to the audience's enthusiastic reactions to her performance, with laughter and cheering at the right moments. Meanwhile, Rick goes through his hair and make-up for "Lancer." He then sits down next to his eight-year-old co-star Trudi (Julia Butters), who is a method actor. Rick smokes a cigarette near her as she reads her book. They have a conversation about the books they are reading, and Rick has a small breakdown over his perceived decline in stardom. Shooting begins, and Rick works with the series lead actor, James Stacey (Timothy Olyphant), who plays protagonist Johnny Madrid. During the take, Rick forgets his lines due to being drunk. He goes to his trailer and has a meltdown, but then vows to do better. Elsewhere, Cliff drives home from Rick's place and sees a hitchhiker called Pussycat (Margaret Qualley), whom Cliff has noticed throughout the weekend. He picks her up and agrees to take her to the Spahn Ranch, where Cliff used to shoot films with Rick. When they get there, Cliff sees that the place has become some kind of commune for hippies, mostly consisting of women. Pussycat tells Cliff that he should stick around to meet Manson, but he wants to speak with the ranch's elderly owner, George Spahn (Bruce Dern). The women warn Cliff that Spahn is sleeping, but he goes over to his house anyway. He is met by Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme (Dakota Fanning), who also reiterates that Spahn is asleep because she just had sex with him. Cliff goes to wake Spahn up, but he doesn't recognize Cliff since he is blind. He asks Spahn if the women there are taking advantage of him, but Spahn denies it and tells Cliff to leave. Outside, Cliff sees one of the male hippie's stuck a knife in his front tire. He gets his stuff out and orders the man to fix it, but is given a "fuck you." Cliff responds by decking the guy hard in the face three times in front of the other women. One of the Manson girls gets a horse and runs to get Tex Watson (Austin Butler), but Cliff is already driving away by the time he arrives. Back on the "Lancer" set, Rick shoots a scene where he has Trudi's character hostage, and Scott Lancer, played by Wayne Maunder (Luke Perry), comes to intervene. Rick improvises his slimy villain character and has a moment where he throws Trudi off of him. After the take, he is praised by both the director and Trudi, who tells Rick that it was the best acting she has ever seen in her life. The comment even moves Rick to tears. Cliff and Rick go back to the latter's house to watch the episode of FBI her appears in. As they are watching, we cross cut to Schwaz, who makes a phone call regarding Ricks' career. The screen fades to black. Six months later. A voice-over from Randy states that Rick and Cliff ended up flying to Rome to shoot the Spaghetti Western films. While there, Rick met and married Italian film actress Francesca Capucci (Lorenza Izzo). August 8th, 1969 Rick and Cliff have returned to Los Angeles, but now feel that it is time for them to go their separate ways. They spend one last night having drinks and hang out at Rick's home with Francesca. Meanwhile, Sharon, now very pregnant, is having a small gathering with Jay and their friends Wojciech Frykowski (Costa Ronin) and Abigail Folger (Samantha Robinson). Cliff takes out a cigarette he bought from Pussycat that was dipped in acid, and he proceeds to smoke it to trip out. Outside, Tex drives in front of the houses with fellow "family" members Patricia Krenwinkel, AKA Katie (Madisen Beaty), Susan Atkins, AKA Sadie (Mikey Madison), and Linda Kasabian, AKA Flowerchild (Maya Hawke). They arrive intending to kill Sharon and her friends, but a drunk Rick comes out and angrily yells at them because their car's busted muffler is making too much noise. He orders them to leave, even as Katie appears to be reaching for her gun, but Tex drives away. At the bottom of the hill, the four recognize Rick from TV, and Sadie suggests that they kill him and whoever else is in his house. The others agree, but as they start walking there, Flowerchild says she forgot her knife. Tex gives her the car keys to get it, but she ends up ditching them and driving away. The three then proceed to carry out their plan. The Manson trio walks up to Rick's house. Tex and Katie break in through the front door, while Sadie goes in through the side. Cliff sees them, but because he is tripping, he is neither frightened nor absolutely sure of what he is seeing. Even as Tex draws his gun on Cliff, he instead sics Brandy on Tex, who viciously chomps into Tex's arm and groin. Sadie tries to run up to Cliff with her knife, but he chucks a can of dog food at her, which smashes into her face. Cliff stomps Tex's face in until he is dead before grabbing Katie and brutally smashing her face against the hard furniture until she is dead too. Brandy gets a few bites into Sadie as well, but she runs out the back glass door, flailing and shrieking into the pool, where Rick is lounging. He then comes out with his flamethrower and torches Sadie, who burns to death in his pool. In the chaos, Cliff gets stabbed in his right hip by Katie, but non-fatally. Paramedics and police arrive at the scene. Cliff is taken to the hospital for his injuries, while Francesca is freaked out by the ordeal. After Rick says bye to Cliff, he sees Jay calling to him from Sharon's gate. Rick explains what happened, and Jay recognizes Rick from TV. Jay tells Sharon who her neighbor is, and they invite him to come over for a drink. Rick agrees, and he finally meets Sharon and her friends. 
 Unknown (I) (2006)211) Five men wake up in a locked-down warehouse with no memory of who they are. They are forced to figure out who is good and who is bad to stay alive. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. How would you feel if you were tied to a chair, in a locked down warehouse, in the middle of nowhere, with no recollection whatsoever of what happened, or what didn't. To add to it, you're not alone. There are four others with you in the exact same state of mind. Some of the group are responsible for putting the others there BUT no one knows who's who. That's how this movie starts, getting grittier with every passing minute. Five guys are asleep in an abandoned, run down warehouse. There has been some violence. One is handcuffed by one hand to a railing; one is tied up. "Blue jean shirt" wakes up first, and has no idea who or where he is. He has no memory. The other four are still asleep, but Blue Jean Shirt makes the handcuffed man more comfortable and wanders around. The phone rings and Blue Jean Shirt has no idea what to make of it; by this time it is obvious there has been violence. Blue Jean Shirt fakes his way through the phone conversation, including lying about a Glock being in the desk drawer. The plot unfolds slowly as the other four wake up and they try to find a way out of the warehouse. They get along sometimes, sometimes they argue violently; you know some of these five are bad guys and then you get the feeling that some are good guys as the clues continue coming and fall into place slowly, as the movie plot twists its way to the surprise at the end where it all falls together. 
 Orgazmo (1997)44) Naive young Mormon Joe Young is recruited to act in porn movies. Joe Young was a simple young man trying to spread the word of the Book of Mormon when he picked the wrong house to preach at! The owner, a porn director named Maxxx Orbison, tells his henchmen to kill the guy at the door who interrupted their scene, but Joe fights off the guards with great skill, which impresses Maxxx so much that he offers Joe the lead role in the movie he's making at the moment: Orgazmo, which is about a sex superhero who fights crime with his Orgazmorator, and ChodaBoy, his sidekick. Joe, against his beliefs, takes the job so that he can pay for the wedding he plans for himself and his fiance, whom he doesn't tell about his risqu new acting job. However, when the movie becomes an amazing hit just about everywhere and he finds out that Ben (ChodaBoy) has created a real Orgazmorator, Joe is in some serious hot water! Danii Mormon Joe Young is about to get married, but he needs to find money quickly to be able to give his fianc the wedding of her dreams. By chance, he knocks on the door of a porn movie producer and is recruited as a sex superhero. However, his 'talents' are noticed and when the movie becomes a success, he finds a kind of fame that wouldn't sit well with his unknowing fianc. Joe Young is a young Mormon actor who preaches the word of God in LA and can't get anything from it. One day he stumbles on the set of new porno movie shot by well known porn director Maxxx Orbison. Maxxx chooses Joe for the title part in his new movie Captain Orgazmo. Joe soon befriends short and skinny Ben Chapleski (his sidekick in the film), who invented a ray-gun which emits a light beam that causes the most intense orgasm in whoever it hits (called Orgasmorator). Unexpectedly movie Captain Orgazmo becomes a cult hit, and Joe's girlfriend Lisa accidentally sees the movie in the video store - and the problems begin. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 