nm0006379:

 Abgefahren (2004)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alarm fr Cobra 11 - Die Autobahnpolizei (1996 )Summaries Two police inspectors and their team from a Bonn-Koeln precinct fight all sorts of criminals they encounter daily on major highways in Germany. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Darktown (2020 )Summaries Doro Decker dreams of becoming a policewoman, but she makes a living by tracking down cheating husbands. Until the day she learns that her father, himself a policeman, did not die in the line of duty as the official story goes. She then undertakes to reopen the investigation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Someone Dies Tonight (2022)211) A group of friends sets out on a holiday road trip to Greece. On their way south, they are intercepted by a group of Croatian gangsters. Locked in a remote house, they find themselves struggling for their lives. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Trying to escape the harsh Berlin winter, JESSICA DUKAKIS, a young Greek-German, plans to celebrate her birthday on the warm island of Crete. She's accompanied by her boyfriend, the German soldier PAUL, by her best friend MARIA, the daughter of an Hungarian diplomat, and her pal FRANCO, an outgoing Italian DJ. The four travellers miss their plane and decide to go to Greece by car. Looking forward to a two-day road trip down the balkans, Jessica agrees to take a shortcut through Croatia, although her father had warned her not to do so. The four get into a car accident with MARKO, a friendly young Croatian man. He promises to get their vehicle fixed and invites them to stay in his family's beautiful hunting lodge nearby. The young people try to make the best out of the situation and party and relax in the middle of nowhere. They're secretly being watched by two local gangsters, IVAN and LJUBOMIR the four middle-Europeans have apparently gone in a well-prepared trap. Jessica is shocked when Marko tells her the next day that the accident was part of a set-up. Her father is indebted to a Croatian mob boss based in Berlin and he intends to take Jessica hostage to make her father pay back the money. 