nm0010772:

 Lethal Cowboy (1995)Summaries Cody is shot by Malone because Cody had a debt with him. Malone and his henchman buried him in the desert. What they do not know, however, is that they have just buried Cody on a sacred Indian cemetery. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Head of the Family (1996)Summaries The "head" of the family is literally that - a giant head on a tiny body, who psychically controls the rest of his even weirder family. The Stackpool family have been doing some freaky experiments in the bowels of their basement and the local residents find that they are in it way over their heads. Howard is the meanest nastiest thug in town, a Harley riding criminal with a hot wife Loretta. Loretta's problem is she's having an affair with Lance owner of the town diner and Howard's getting suspicious. Driving back from one of their nightly flings, Lance witnesses the local family of weirdos, the Stackpools, dragging a man from his truck and into their house. Seeing this as an opportunity, Lance discovers the Stackpools terrible secret. The whole family is run by the one who has super intelligence, meet....MYRON the 'Head of the family'. Full Moon Features It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Justified (20102015)Summaries U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is reassigned from Miami to his childhood home in the poor, rural coal mining towns of eastern Kentucky. U.S. Marshal Raylan Givens is a modern day nineteenth century-style lawman, enforcing his brand of justice in a way that puts a target on his back with criminals, and places him at odds with his bosses in the Marshal service. That conflict results in a reassignment for Givens to the U.S. District covering the town where he grew up. He is an anachronism, a tough, soft-spoken gentleman who finds his quarry fascinating, but never gives an inch. Dig under his placid skin and you'll find an angry man who grew up hard in rural Kentucky, with an outlaw father, who knows a lot more about who he doesn't want to be than who he really is. FX Publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shades of Gray (1997)Summaries A beautiful LAPD sketch artist moves back to her hometown in order to forget her past. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 