nm0007082:

 Top Gun (1986)541) As students at the United States Navy's elite fighter weapons school compete to be best in the class, one daring young pilot learns a few things from a civilian instructor that are not taught in the classroom. Code-named "Maverick", Pete Mitchell, the impetuous daredevil Navy-pilot ace, is accepted into Miramar's elite Fighter School, also known as "Top Gun". There, as the impulsive pilot competes with the best of the best, not only will he meet Charlie, the flying school's curvaceous astrophysics instructor, but also the brilliant and highly competitive fellow student, "Iceman", with whom right from the start, he will engage in a reckless contest. As Maverick is haunted by his father's mysterious death, will he be able to suppress his wild nature to win the prestigious Top Gun Trophy? Nick Riganas Devil-may-care navy pilot Pete Mitchell (Tom Cruise) is sent to Miramar Naval Air Station for advanced training. Here he vies with Tom Kasansky (Val Kilmer) for the coveted "Top Gun" award. When not so occupied, Mitchell carries on a romance with civilian consultant Charlotte Blackwood (Kelly McGillis). Shaken up by the death of a friend, Mitchell loses the Top Gun honor to Kasansky. Worried that he may have lost his nerve, Mitchell is given a chance to redeem himself during a tense international crisis involving a crippled US vessel and a flock of predatory enemy planes. Lieutenant Pete "Maverick" Mitchell is an expert United States Naval Aviator. When he encounters a pair of MiGs over the Persian Gulf, his wingman is clearly outflown and freaks. On almost no fuel, Maverick is able to talk him back down to the carrier. When his wingman turns in his wings, Maverick is moved up in the standings and sent to the Top Gun Naval Flying School. There he fights the attitudes of the other pilots and an old story of his father's death in combat that killed others due to his father's error. Maverick struggles to be the best pilot, stepping on the toes of his other students. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The aircraft carrier USS Enterprise (CVN-65) is on patrol near the Persian Gulf when radar contact is made with a MiG fighter. The Combat Air Patrol of the Enterprise is vectored to meet the incoming aircraft, and the fighters involved are F-14 Tomcat interceptors, each manned by a pilot and a Radar Intercept Officer (RIO). The pilot of the lead plane is Flight Lieutenant Peter "Maverick" Mitchell ( Tom Cruise ), a callsign appropriate for his arrogant rule-bending attitude; his RIO is Lt. Nicholas "Goose" Bradshaw ( Anthony Edwards ). The second F14 is piloted by Bill "Cougar" Cortell ( John Stockwell ) with Sam "Merlin" Wells ( Tim Robbins ) as the RIO. The two F14s split up and are surprised when a second MiG, shielded from radar by riding within feet of its leader, appears. Cougar is outmaneuvered by MiG One while Maverick locks his missile radar on MiG Two, who promptly disengages. MiG One stays on Cougar and is only chased off when Maverick flies upside down, closes up on the MiG, and flashes an obscene gesture to the enemy pilot. The MiG disengages and the two Tomcats fly to the Enterprise, but Cougar is so rattled he cannot land, forcing Maverick, low on fuel and against orders, to abort his own landing and talk Cougar to the deck. Cougar sees the captain of the Enterprise, Tom "Stinger" Jordan ( James Tolkan ), and turns in his wings -- the incident has left Cougar rattled and he feels he can't fly combat any longer. Stinger is forced to change his intended disciplinary action against Maverick, for he must send a Tomcat tandem for additional combat training at the Navy's Fighter Weapons School in Miramar, near San Diego,CA and the Captain is plainly disgusted that Maverick is the only qualified candidate for the assignment. Maverick, however, is quietly overjoyed as he regards the assignment as an opportunity for advancement, and upon arrival begins a rivalry with a fellow Tomcat pilot, Lt. Tom "Iceman" Kazansky ( Val Kilmer ), and his RIO, Ron "Slider" Kerner ( Rick Rossovich ). At a bar the night after their first day at the School, Maverick notices Charlotte Blackwood ( Kelly McGillis ) a pretty young blonde in jeans, and hits on her by following her into the ladies room and serenading her. It seems not to work until the next day she appears at the School, revealing herself to be Charlie, a previously unseen DOD flight instructor that Maverick had assumed to be male. Though technically a civilian, she has mastered the flight simulator where she has beaten several actual pilots. She begins to become smitten with Maverick before the official competition begins. In his first exercise, Maverick takes on the School's resident "enemy" pilot, LTC Richard "Jester" Heatherly ( Michael Ironside ), and succeeds in outmaneuvering him and "shooting" him down, but in so doing he flies below a set minimum engagement altitude - a "hard-deck" - and then compounds this faux pas by "buzzing" (or overflying) a flight tower at absurdly low altitude just to show off. Both Maverick and Goose listen while Jester and their commanding officer, Commander Michael "Viper" Metcalf ( Tom Skerritt ) are chewed out by the tower's commanding officer. Iceman also chews out Maverick for his "unsafe" attitude, but Maverick refuses to have any of it, even after Jester summons him to his office and threatens to expel him should he continue this way. Metcalf, however, knows Maverick because Maverick's father flew with him in Vietnam off the USS Oriskany (CVA-34) and was shot down when he engaged the enemy in "neutral" airspace. The contest between Maverick and Iceman continues; in a later exercise Viper and Jester team up against Maverick and fellow F14 pilot Hollywood. Maverick breaks a cardinal rule by abandoning his wingman to go after Viper, and in so doing Hollywood is "shot down" and then the same fate befalls Maverick. But the worst is yet to come, for Maverick is teamed with Iceman and Maverick, determined to win the School contest, angrily chews out Iceman for taking too long to attack an enemy craft; Maverick takes the shot, but when the two aircraft get close, the backwash from Iceman's thrusters cripple Maverick's engines and the F14 plunges toward the sea. Goose barely succeeds in yanking open the emergency ejection handles, but when the fighter's canopy pops open, the two pilots eject and Goose crashes into the canopy, killing him. Maverick is devastated by Goose's death, and though an inquiry clears him of wrongdoing, his confidence is destroyed. He nonetheless graduates from the class and is reassigned to the Enterprise, where an incident with enemy MiGs leads to a fateful battle involving Iceman as well as Maverick. Iceman, and Hollywood are launched to intercept a pair of MiGs but are jumped by four additional enemy fighters. Hollywood is shot down and Iceman hopelessly surrounded when Maverick is launched, now with Merlin as his RIO. Though delayed by malfunctioning catapults on the flight deck, Maverick still arrives at the scene of battle but is surrounded by enemy and when he flies into one ship's jetwash his own fighter briefly stalls out - and though he regains control he flashes back to Goose's death and breaks off, leaving Iceman (who has long doubted Maverick's courage after Goose's death) trapped as Merlin desperately and furiously yells at Maverick to get back into battle. Maverick pull himself together and returns to assist Iceman, and they destroy four MiGs, prompting the remaining squadron to retreat. As a result, Maverick and Iceman finally become friends. As a reward for his heroism, Maverick is offered any assignment he chooses. He chooses to be an instructor at Top Gun. He tosses Goose's dog tags into the ocean, signifying he has come to terms with his friend's death. 
 Christine (1983)651) A nerdish boy buys a strange car with an evil mind of its own and his nature starts to change to reflect it. In 1957, in Detroit, a red Plymouth Fury is built and is the cause of two accidents, one of them fatal, still in the assembly line. Twenty-one years later, the outcast and bullied nerd Arnold "Arnie" Cunningham is getting a ride with his best and only friend Dennis Guilder and he sees the wrecked car for sale in a garden. Arnie immediately falls in love with the car. The car was given the name Christine by its first owner. He brings the car to a repair shop of the despicable Will Darnell and works hard to restore the classic car. While he works in the restoration, he changes his personality to a cocky teenager and he dates the most beautiful girl in the high-school, Leigh Cabot. Soon Arnie becomes selfish and jealous of the supernatural Christine that kills everyone that is a threat to them. Mitchell McCreath. Repeatedly singled out for his awkwardness, the unpopular and wimpy school nerd, Arnie Cunningham, finally finds solace in Christine--a once bright-red 1958 Plymouth Fury, and now a twenty-one-year-old rusty pile of junk. Determined to restore the classic car to its original condition, Arnie will alienate himself more and more from his already few friends, as a subtle, yet remarkable transformation takes place. But, who is this cocky new Arnie that has emerged from the ashes? Has Christine--the glossy metallic temptress--something to do with it, and the seemingly endless trail of warm blood in the peaceful town of Rockbridge? Nick Riganas Highschool geek Arnie Cunningham falls in love with "Christine", a bright red 1958 Plymouth Fury which has seen much better days. Setting himself the task of restoring the car to its original condition, his friends notice that the car is not the only thing that is changing. Arnie seems to spend more and more time with his car. He's also developed a sort of cocky arrogance which does not seem like the real Arnie at all. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Arnie Cunningham is a typical high school nerd who is picked on, overruled by his parents, and has very few friends. Until he meets Christine, a run-down 1958 Plymouth Fury and buys her. Arnie learns that Christine has a thing for him and devotes his time to restoring her to mint condition. But overtime, Arnie begins to change and becomes disconnected with reality and his friends. Arnie's girlfriend Leigh and best friend Dennis find out that Christine's previous owner cared about nothing else when he bought her and find out that Arnie is becoming just like him. Geoffrey A. Middleton {gamidd01@morehead-st.edu} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's 1958 in Detroit. We are inside a car factory where numerous Plymouth Fury's are being assembled. Among the rather plain-colored vehicles, one of them stands out: a bright-red one. During the process, this particular red car is being fussed about by one factory worker who has his hand injured when the vehicle's hood comes down on it. Another factory worker takes a seat inside the vehicle; he will be found dead afterwords. Present day, September 16, 1978 in Northern California. Arnie Cunningham (Keith Gordon) is a meek teenager who spends his weekends playing Scrabble with his parents (Christine Belford and Richard Darnell), who still treat him as a child. Arnie and his best friend Dennis Guilder (John Stockwell) are going to their school, as usual. Arnie is clumsy, and his black-rimmed glasses characterize him as being nerdy. Dennis is a football player, who still befriends Arnie and tries to stand up for him. During shop class, Arnie is bullied by several students led by Buddy Repperton (William Ostrander). Dennis tries to stop the bullies, but he can't be all the time checking on weak Arnie. Today, Buddy stamps on Arnie's sack-lunch and also breaks his glasses. When both Arnie and Dennis tell the shop teacher that Buddy had a switchblade in his possession when he teased Arnie, it looks that the only consequence will be bad for Arnie, as Boddy announces he will take his own back pretty soon. Arnie and Dennis start their way back to their homes. Arnie notices a used Plymouth Fury with a placard announcing "SOLD". Supposedly, this is the same vehicle that we saw on the Detroit assembly line... only now it's dirty, gritty, broken, with pieces peeling off or falling apart. In spite of everything, Arnie falls in love with this car. He immediately wants to buy it. The owner, George LeBay, tells the story of the car: he inherited it from his dead brother, Roland. The current owner also tells Arnie that the car has a name: Christine. Arnie drives Dennis home in his new car. Once at home, Arnie's overprotective parents angrily start pestering him for having spent his money on a car without consulting them, and especially one in Christine's wrecked condition. Arnie angrily shouts back that throughout his life, they haven't allowed him to have something he truly wants, and that he is dead-set on keeping Christine. However, his parents refuse to have it parked in their driveway. Arnie decides to take it to a local junkyard garage run by an irritable middle-aged man named Will Darnell (Robert Prosky) for storage. Over the next several weeks, Arnie begins working on Christine whenever he has a bit of free time after school. He also starts to help Mr. Darnell around his garage. This was the first time when Arnie stood up to his parents. However, it's not only about being against parental control. Dennis also notices a subtle change in Arnie, as he seems to be more assertive. Weirdly enough, Arnie has stopped using his eye glasses. During a football game, Dennis is shocked to see Arnie arrive in Christine, now fully-restored into a shining beautiful red car, but also along for the ride is the new student, Leigh Cabot (Alexandra Paul). The sight of the two of them together causes Dennis to make a mistake on the field as he's tackled hard. This puts an end to Dennis' football career - and to his ambitions for the future-, so he ends up recuperating in hospital, surrounded by medical paraphernalia. Meanwhile, Arnie continues to date Leigh. One night, he takes her to see a film at the drive-in; and there, Leigh confesses to Arnie that she thinks he's moving too fast in their relationship. She also claims she feels unsettled when she is around Christine. During the movie, one of Christine's windshield wipers becomes stuck, and Arnie gets out to fix it. As he does so, Leigh chokes on a hamburger and immediately, the door latches lock themselves! Arnie tries to get back into the car unsuccessfully. Basically, Leigh has to save herself when she manages to unlock the passenger door, and a nearby viewer who saw her struggling performs the Heimlich maneuver on her. Arnie then drives Leigh home. At her doorstep, she tells him that she won't go anywhere in Christine again. There are weird things about the car, she says, like when only old songs can be reached through the radio aerial, but none of the local radio stations can be heard. Arnie then returns Christine to Darnell's garage. After Arnie's departure, Buddy Repperton and his thugs arrive, and they proceed to systematically destroy the car. Arnie sees the wreck done to Christine the following day and is shocked that all the work he had put into restoring the car has evaporated. Arnie suspects that Leigh was somehow responsible for the wreck. He is getting into trouble as home as well, as his temper is radically changed. His parents notice the acute change in him and they comment that they want the old Arnie to come back. The long Scrabble nights are over, and Arnie has one big row with his father. But more and more, Arnie can only think of one matter: he wants to restore Christine to its full beauty again. Next day, first thing he does is going to the salvage garage to re-start work on Christine. Determined, he looks for his tools. Turning his back on Christine, he hears the crinkling of metal behind him. Arnie looks at Christine startled, and he realizes that, part of her engine is now repaired as if by magic. Arnie doesn't look startled anymore, and he encourages Christine to restore herself in front of him. The car flicks her headlights on, and obediently, there is suddenly mayhem: pieces are moving to their original position, the hood dusts itself off, the aerial strengthens up, buttons and seats start mending themselves and end up being shiny as brand new. The living malevolent car has the power to regenerate. A more-determined Arnie goes back to high school life. Nobody dares to touch him now. At night, Christine comes to life by herself and she seeks out and gruesomely kills each gang member who took part in destroying her. He runs after them. Eventually, Christine arrives at a gas station, spilling gasoline, setting it on fire so that the building becomes debris and ashes. Christine catches fire herself, but that doesn't stop her, as she still goes after Buddy. He tries to run away the scene, terrified because he has seen an unexplainable thing happened. The following morning, Chrisitne becomes the quiet, shiny, brand-new red car of the cover painting. Christine also kills grumply Will Darnell, by the slow method of crushing him in the front seat against the steering wheel. Christine has to deform herself in order to do this, but the following morning, she is in perfect condition. Some weeks later in December, Dennis catches Leigh in high school between classes and he talks to her about Arnie and his car. Dennis and Arnie are not best pals anymore, and Leigh had realised that, in spite of not having broken up verbally with Arnie, there is no place in his life for her. Holidays approach, and New Year's Eve is close. Dennis and Leigh talk about the supernatural element in Christine, knowing that they can only talk to each other about that, as nobody else would believe them. They know they will have to kill Christine. Dennis decides to call on his old buddy at his home, but Leigh advises him to take caution. After she leaves, it's Arnie who calls on Dennis instead. Arnie arrives in Christine and invites Dennis over. Arnie drives Dennis to the former's. Dennis realises about Arnie's dazzled eyes, even before Arnie starts doing things he would have never done before, during his nerd phase: he drinks beer in Homer Simpson-quantities, he terrorizes other drivers and even copies the "without-hands" motorbike stunt. Dennis watches how Christine's mile counter moves backwards, having less miles instead of more. Arnie tires to explain to Dennis how wonderful, strong and fulfilled he feels when he is driving Christine; Arnie's words increasingly become those of a starry-eyed lover. When Dennis leaves Christine, he is more unsettled than ever. Dennis is determined that the nightmare has to stop. He thinks that killing Christine is the only way of returning Arnie to normal. Dennis and Leigh may be having a thing going on between them, but it also may be that each one is the only safe rock of the other. They are worried about Arnie, especially Dennis, who really misses his best friend. Next morning, Dennis goes to the school parking lot and scratches "Darnell's Tonight" into Christine's hood, and drives off with Leigh. They go to Darnell's scrapyard and they wait for Arnie and Christine inside a bulldozer. Night falls down, and Dennis devises a plan. He tells Leigh to wait in the office. The plan is that she will shut door on Christine after her arrival, trapping the vehicle inside the office. Leigh leaves to do so. While she is on her way there, the car's lights suddenly break the night: she was hiding under a pile of garbage. Christine drives towards Leigh trying to run over her, but crashes on to one of the office walls instead. Arnie gets ejected through Christine's windshield and is impaled on a shard of glass, fatally wounding him. Arnie is bloodied, but in his last breath, he just caresses Christine's front bumper for the last time. In his own way, he dies happy. Enraged, Christine attacks Leigh once again. Dennis drives the bulldozer and he fights Christine, who is playing Pledging My Love at top volume on her radio. Christine is still set on dealing with Leigh first, so she approaches her top speed to run over her. However, Dennis drives the bulldozer up on to the car's back, stopping her and crashing her. Leigh climbs in to the cab of the bulldozer and embraces Dennis. Meanwhile, Christine returns back to life and begins to heal herself over again. So, Dennis has to drive the bulldozer over Christine, crashing her onto a thin layer of metal and glass materials, until her headlights flicker and then go out for good. Dennis compacts the red car onto a cube. The ordeal is over. However, later on, within that scrape-yard cube, a metallic stick starts to slowly move and straighten up... 
 Blue Crush (2002)Summaries As a hard-core surfer girl prepares for a big competition, she finds herself falling for a football player. Nothing gets between Anne Marie and her board. Living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister, she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the Pipe Masters surf competition. Having transplanted herself to Hawaii with no one's blessing but her own, Anne Marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene ... until pro quarterback Matt Tollman comes along. Like it or not, Anne Marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for Matt. Schleppy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Into the Blue (2005)761) A group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane. Down on his luck and perpetually impecunious, the experienced deep-sea diver, Jared, and his theme-park guide girlfriend, Sam, lead an idyllic and simple life in the sun-drenched Bahamas. Dreaming of striking gold, the couple along with Jared's solicitor friend, Bryce, and his new lover, Amanda, set sails for the vast ocean on a rickety boat, to claim ownership of a sunken pirate treasure of inestimable value lying next to a wrecked fuselage crammed with watertight cocaine bricks. Before long, the temptation to get their hands on easy money will lead to a dangerous head-on collision with the murderous local drug lords, as the team gets sucked deeper and deeper into an unexpected adventure amid the blue and shark-infested Bahamian waters. But, will the sea give away its riches so easily? Nick Riganas New York defense attorney Bryce Dunn brings his latest pickup Amanda Collins along on holiday at the Bahaman villa he received as payment for winning a drug cartel trial, visiting his buddy Jared Cole, a would be-treasurer salvager who owns a crappy boat without proper gear and just lost his menial shark tour guide job, but not steady girl Sam Nicholson. As after every hurricane, Jared hopes for a new wreck lead and takes his mates along diving at a promising site. They find both a lead to the Zephyr, a Civil War pirate's richest prize, and a recently crashed Colombian cocaine airplane, with its illicit cargo. Jared stubbornly refuses to collaborate with an fears the claim beings snatched away by his former employer, well-equipped treasure hunter Derek Bates, but Bryce and Sam prefer to sell 'just enough' of the coke to dealer Reyes, only to learn his cartel lost the plane and demands it all back, or will kill all their loved ones. It gets worse with a shark accident and Reyes's impatient boss. KGF Vissers Sam and Jared are a young couple in the Bahamas, divers and aspiring treasure hunters. While the arrogant salvager Bates has loads of expensive equipment, Jared gets by with a small, battered boat. Jared and Sam find a historic wreck, but nearby is a wrecked airplane with a large quantity of cocaine. Jared and Sam want the treasure; their diving partners also want the drugs. Dangerous criminals realize the plane and cocaine are submerged somewhere in the area. When the bad guys learn that the couple has located the drugs, Jared and Sam find themselves in mortal peril. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> In Caribbean Sea, the diver Jared and his girlfriend Sam have a simple life, aiming at finding a treasure, but without money to buy the necessary ship and equipment. When Jared's friend, the egocentric and selfish young lawyer Bryce, and his new girlfriend Amanda arrive in the island to spend a couple of days with them, they dive together and accidentally find a wrecked airplane loaded with cocaine, and evidences of a sunken boat with a treasure. Afraid of losing the treasure for the arrogant hunter Bates, Bryce tries to convince Jared and Sam to negotiate a small part of the drug to raise the necessary money for the expedition, but the correct couple does not accept the proposal. Bryce and Amanda decide to deal themselves with a drug lord, jeopardizing the life and integrity of Jared and Sam. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jared Cole and his girlfriend Sam Nicholson are a young couple living in the Caribbean. Jared is an unemployed diver whose dream is to find treasure in the Caribbean Sea and Sam works at a local resort as a shark handler. When Jared's best friend Bryce Dunn, a selfish New York lawyer and his new girlfriend Amanda Collins arrive, the two couples spend a couple of days experiencing paradise. But, they discover an airplane on the sea floor that crashed during a hurricane and they find the cargo on-board the airplane is cocaine. Jared and Sam's lives are in danger, when Bryce and Amanda make a deal with a dangerous drug lord who wants the cocaine. Jared's rival, Treasure Hunter Derek Bates learns what they are doing and tries to negotiate the cocaine to raise money for a expedition where he intends to find a sunken boat with treasure. Jared, Sam, Bryce, and Amanda find themselves racing against time to find the shipwreck before somebody else does. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jared (Paul Walker) and Sam (Jessica Alba) are two lovers living a rustic life in a trailer, next to the beach in the Bahamas. Sam works as a guide in the local aquatic theme park, "Atlantis", and Jared has worked a number of odd jobs in his field of passion, diving. His real dream, though, is finding one of many merchant and pirate ships lost in the waters around the Bahamas, many of them with large amounts of gold on board. Jared's friend Bryce (Scott Caan) and his girlfriend Amanda (Ashley Scott) come to visit, as Bryce, a lawyer in New York City, has acquired the use of a luxury vacation house from a client he defended. While snorkeling, Jared comes across artifacts that seem to stem from a ship wreck. The four of them investigate and find several other pieces that turn out to be the remains of a legendary French pirate ship, the Zephyr, lost as the pirate made his getaway. This legendary shipwreck is rumored to contain millions of dollars in gold. The foursome, thinking their dreams of discovering buried treasure have finally come true, decide to investigate. While exploring it to try and stake their claim, they come across the remains of a crashed plane carrying a large quantity of cocaine. Bryce and Amanda are advocates of keeping the cocaine to sell it for profit, while Jared and Sam oppose it. To avoid attracting attention to the location of their treasure find, Bryce and Amanda agree not to report the crashed plane and its illegal cargo until they have secured their claim on the sunken ship. Jared and Bryce go to a local boat supplier in order to make a deal for the equipment needed to retrieve the treasure, with Bryce funding the purchase. However, Jared soon finds out that Bryce, during a trip to Las Vegas about a month ago, borrowed money from a loan shark and is in heavy debt and therefore is in no position to pay for anything. Without Jared's knowledge, Bryce and Amanda come up with a plan to retrieve some of the cocaine from the sunken plane and sell it to local night club owner Primo (Tyson Beckford). Unfortunately, Primo turns out to be an associate of the drug lord Reyes (James Frain) to whom the cocaine belonged in the first place. Reyes, wanting his cocaine back, threatens Jared, Amanda and Bryce at gunpoint to bring him his cocaine or die. Faced with this choice, Jared agrees to retrieve the cocaine. However, he tells Reyes that he will need $30,000 worth of non-refundable diving equipment to do so. Instead, he uses the situation to get to the gear he needs to salvage the Zephyr. Back on land, the trio breaks the bad news to Sam. Sam is heartbroken that Jared would violate his principles and work for drug lords. He tries to convince her that it's okay and that it's a one-time thing, but Sam leaves him, saying that 'they' are over. Jared, Bryce, and Amanda head to sea. They start the night's work by uncovering the site of the Zephyr, finding the ship's bell with the name on it. For Jared, the victory feels hollow, though. As they are moving the cocaine packs from the plane to their surface boat, Amanda is attacked by a large tiger shark. She is brought to the hospital where she dies due to a huge bite out of her left leg. Hearing of the tragedy, Sam comes to the hospital and she and Jared are reunited. While driving back from the hospital, the threesome (Jared, Sam, and Bryce) are confronted by Primo at an intersection. A short, but intense car chase ends up with Jared leaving their truck and telling Bryce and Sam to meet him later. He surrenders to Primo and tries to get them to back off by offering them and their boss the loot on the Zephyr. Primo still takes him to Reyes' boat. The boat looks deserted, so Primo tells Jared to lie down on the floor of the state room while he investigates. After some time, when Primo doesn't return, Jared goes to explore. He finds Primo, Reyes and several others shot dead in one the bedrooms. Out from the toilet comes Bates (Josh Brolin), a local salvager and former employer of Jared's. He asks Jared where "his cocaine" is and Jared bolts. He escapes from the boat and heads for shore. Meanwhile, Sam insists on going to the police, and goes to the private home of one of their friends, a local cop named Roy (Dwayne Adway). Bryce drops her off, but thinking they'll get busted, heads off to meet Jared. Roy comforts Sam and tells her he knows a guy who can help, but that it has to be kept outside of the official channels, as he's not sure who he can trust. Roy betrays Sam and takes her to Bates, who captures her. Jared and Bryce meet up and Jared calls the captive Sam, who is handcuffed and gagged with duct tape. Bates answers her cell phone and tells Jared to disclose the location of the cocaine. Jared insists that they meet and Jared show him to the location. Bryce and Jared then make a plan to settle the situation once and for all. Jared is taken aboard Bates' boat, the Sea Robin. Here he is shown Sam, who is in the engine room, handcuffed to the body of Roy and gagged with duct tape, who was shot by Bates. The Sea Robin heads for the location where Jared directs them, but as they approach the area, they see a white substance floating on the surface. Jared tells Bates that it's half of the cocaine, ruined, and that Jared will destroy the rest. He jumps into the water, and Bates and his men, after changing into Scuba gear, go after him. Below the surface, in the plane, the divers look for Jared. Bryce has switched places with one of the dead pilots, and they use this to mount a surprise attack. An underwater struggle follows, killing all of Bates' men and wounding Bryce. Meanwhile, Sam finds a forgotten machete in the engine room and uses it to free herself from Roy's body by cutting off his arm. She then severs a pipe, which brings one of Bates' men down into the engine room, where she locks him in. They then goes up to the bridge to call for help. The man escapes from the engine room; a chase around the boat ends in a fight that Sam ultimately wins as they go into the water and the man, wounded by Sam with a boat hook, is attacked by another tiger shark. Below, Jared and Bates are the only ones left. Jared uses an air tank as a missile by hammering off the valve. Bates escapes it, but as it hits the fuel tank at the back of the plane, it causes the entire plane to explode, killing Bates. Sam jumps into the water, fearing for Jared's life, but he survives. Six weeks later. The trio is salvaging the Zephyr. After trying to bring an old cannon atop fails and the cannon sinks back down to the bottom, Sam and Jared call it a night. However, Bryce sees something in the water, uncovered as the cannon hit the wood of the wreck's deck. He jumps in and dives down. As he comes back up he announces that he found the gold of the Zephyr. 