nm0009590:

 Complicity (2000)Summaries Cameron Colley is a young scottish journalist, with an interest in exposing the wrongs committed by the rich and powerful. Life is comfortable enough but uneventful, until someone starts murdering the people in his articles. Cameron Colley is a young Scottish journalist, with an interest in exposing the wrongs committed by the rich and powerful. Life is comfortable enough but uneventful, until someone starts murdering the people in his articles in gruesome ways based on their misdeeds. All the evidence points to Cameron, but is he guilty? Simon Shearn <simon@frieth.demon.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I, a Slave (2013)Summaries A young woman is kidnapped and held captive by two men in a terraced house in a busy London neighborhood. She is slowly conditioned to accept her captivity by threats of death to her young son and by the threat of a mysterious all seeing network that will seek punishment if she were ever to expose her situation. Complex relationships develop between the captors and the woman resulting in an explosive finish in this dark and disturbing drama. Anonymous Amber (Perdita Lawton) a 26 year old single mother is kidnapped and held captive by two men, Father (Grahame Edwards) 55 and Sonny (William Ashby) 22. Amber is chained subjected to periods of isolation and sexual violence to make her more compliant. Father has files on Amber and know all about her background, as we learn later that he is an ex policeman with active contacts within the police. Father tells Amber of 'The Network' who are in every walk of life, police, politicians, businessmen, judiciary etc. If Amber escapes or informs anybody of her captivity the network will hunt her down where ever she goes and kill her two year old son. Amber is allowed to view her son from a distance who is with his grandmother and a 'network' member. Amber accepts that she cannot escape and is unchained and allowed into the rest of the house as a slave to do Father's bidding. The relationship between Amber & Sonny is strained because he too has been forced by Father to sexually abuse Amber. Father shows Amber moments of kindness and psychologically maneuvers Amber into accepting her captivity as normal. Amber contemplates running away and suicide but is deterred by the fear of her son being kidnapped and killed as a punishment. Father works in the intelligence community and has to go away on business abroad, leaving Sonny to manage Amber. Slowly a relationship develops between Amber and Sonny. Tenderness shown by Amber is the first he has encountered in his life, as we learn that he too had been kidnapped by Father and conditioned to take part in Father's kidnapping and captivity of other people, and supplying the network with new slaves. Father had also forced Sonny to kill his long lost real father. Love and a sexual relationship develops between Amber and Sonny until Father returns unexpectedly and catches them together. As punishment Amber and Sonny are taken to basement and chained. Sonny becomes uncommunicative and turns his back on Amber. Father unchains Sonny and orders him to kidnap Amber's son so that Father can kill the boy in front of Amber before shipping her off to another network member abroad. Sonny finally says 'no' and ends up stabbing Father to death. Sonny takes the large amount of cash father has hidden and leaves the house with Amber to freedom. Fear of the network and mistrustful of the authorities Sonny and Amber go with Amber's son to start a new life under new identities. Suj Ahmed It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Breakdown (I) (2016)Summaries A professional contract killer, haunted by visions of his violent past, spirals out of control. His work compromised as he reaches breaking point, he is forced to defend his family from his ruthless employers. Alfie Jennings. Loving father. Faithful husband. Professional contract killer. Haunted by horrific visions of the men he has killed, Alfie spirals towards the brink of madness as his past catches up with him. One of the founding members of elite hitman fraternity, Homefront, Alfie's panic attacks now compromise this once ruthless ex-elite soldier and leader of men. His tense family life rapidly approaching boiling point, a sheltered daughter on the brink of womanhood, a beautiful, neglected wife on the brink of despair, Alfie is lost, desperately trying to hold everything together. An embarrassing public breakdown during a torture in front of his employers and client, calls Alfie's sanity and professionalism into question, forcing ex-Army Major, Albert Chapman, the psychopathic head of Homefront, to begin threatening the lives of Alfie and his family. As Alfie is tested, pushed to the limits by his own employers, the noose tightening around the Jennings family, the hellish truth is finally realised; if Alfie and his family are ever to be truly free, Homefront have to die, they all have to die. J Malachi Alfie Jennings -Professional contract killer. Haunted by horrific visions of the men he has killed, Alfie spirals towards the brink of madness as his past catches up with him. One of the founding members of elite hitman fraternity, Homefront, Alfie's panic attacks now compromise this once ruthless ex-elite soldier and leader of men. His tense family life rapidly approaching boiling point, a sheltered daughter on the brink of womanhood, a beautiful, neglected wife on the brink of despair, Alfie is lost. An embarrassing public breakdown during a torture in front of his employers and client, calls Alfie's sanity and professionalism into question, forcing ex-Army Major, Albert Chapman, the psychopathic head of Homefront, to begin threatening the lives of Alfie and his family. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whiplash Dreams (2015)Summaries "Whiplash Dreams" is a music-film-first: a feature length drama narrated by 12 original songs. 12 songs describe the final 12 months of a young couple who move from Brighton to London to save their dying relationship. But things don't go the way they planned things rarely do. "Whiplash Dreams" is a rites-of-passage tale of teenage love turned adult heartbreak; a tense, unflinching and provocative exploration of the carelessness of growing apart, and then finally of the courage and pursuit of freedom in the reaffirmation of one's own identity. Bavanandan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 