nm0007769:

 In Gold We Trust (2010)Summaries A group of adventurers make off with 600 kilograms of gold in French Guiana, but when their helicopter crashes in the jungle, gold fever takes over. A group of adventurers sets out to rob a gold mine in the heart of French Guiana. But the operation does not go as planned, and, during their flight, their helicopter must land in disaster in the middle of the jungle. They got their hands on six hundred kilograms of gold - but now have to carry it on their backs in a very hostile environment. The booty becomes a burden. The seven fugitives, four men, two women, plunge into the jungle. The climate, insects, fatigue, the threat of pursuers - Everything contributes to making their long march impossible. The forest seems to be closing in on them. And the cohesion of the group is eaten away by the gold fever . Edmundo QUINTELA It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Can't Sleep (1994)Summaries A serial killer terrorizes Paris at night, but that doesn't stop Daga and Tho from meeting up, and falling in love. Beautiful Daiga has emigrated from Lithuania to Paris and is looking for a place to stay and work. Theo is a struggling musician, and his brother Camille - a transvestite dancer. One of these three people might be connected to the serial "Granny Killer" who has been terrorizing Paris for a while. Dragomir R. Radev <radev@cs.columbia.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 SiscoSummaries Cayenne, French Guiana: When a teenage drug mule absconds with a bellyful of product, a corrupt cop who traffics cocaine must find the kid without blowing his cover or getting killed by the cartel. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Personne ne m'aime (1994)Summaries Several lives intersect when a middle-aged woman is left by her husband, and she decides to trek him down with the help of her equally troubled sister. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 