nm0010833:

 Dr. G: America's Most Shocking Cases (2010 )Summaries Dr. Jan Garavaglia has seen almost everything in 20-plus years of performing autopsies, but every once in a while there is a case that will grab her attention: the kind that bewilders pathologists. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 10th Ave. (2017 )Summaries A man comes out of prison after taking a fall for a crime that was committed. He returns to an unfamiliar place and tries to stay on the straight and narrow. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dead Boyz Can't Fly (1992)Summaries Buzz shows his artwork to Norman at the employment agency. Norman laughs in his face. Buzz takes this personally and later returns to the office building with his friends Goose and Jo Jo. They systematically terrorize the people in different offices on the 13th floor, with only a few grizzled Vietnam veterans and a suicidal lawyer to try and stop them. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Crime to Remember (2013 )321) A look back at famous cases from the past. The show recreates famous crimes from the 1920 to the early 1970's talking to principle people involved in the crime coverage and investigation. The stories are narrated in the first person, usually by a female persona, as though the narrator was an outside observer at the time (a neighbor, townsperson, etc.). The narrator's persona is never directly identified as an actual person from the event however Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. THE BAD OLD DAYS is a nod to twisted tales of decades past, detailing the most provocative, juicy, real-life murder cases of the 50s and 60s. Set against the backdrop of the fetishized world of bullet bras, garter belts, suburban secrets and three-martini lunches, these stories of truly mad men and women reveal layer upon layer of warped relationships turned terrible crimes. 