nm0004133:

 The Beat That My Heart Skipped (2005)321) Will Thomas still lead a life of crime and cruelty, just like his thuggish father, or will he pursue his dream of becoming a pianist? Twenty-eight-year-old Tom leads a life that might be termed as criminal. In doing so, he follows in the footsteps of his father, who made his money from dirty, and sometimes brutal, real estate deals. Tom is a pretty hard-boiled guy but also strangely considerate as far as his father is concerned. Somehow he appears to have arrived at a critical juncture in his life when a chance encounter prompts him to take up the piano and become a concert pianist, like his mother. He senses that this might be his final opportunity to take back his life. His piano teacher is a Chinese piano virtuoso who has recently come to live in France. She doesn't speak a lick of French so music becomes the only language they have in common. Before long, Jacques' bid to be a better person means that he begins to yearn for true love. But, when he finally has the chance of winning his best friend's wife, his passion only succeeds in scaring her. And then, one day, his dubious past comes to light... Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young man is torn between loyalty for his family and the angst-driven need to express his own emotional core in order to redeem himself from a violent lifestyle. Tom (Romain Duris) has innate musical talent and his aggressive piano technique is matched by violent reactionary impulses. It is this violent side that enables Tom to succeed at his survival job as a real estate collection agent. Tom has a natural love for music, constantly listening to interesting music with his headphones and rhythmically tapping his fingers to what he is hearing. By chance he meets a music promoter who he knows from when his mother was a touring pianist, and as it turns out Tom has an advanced training as a classical pianist, and seeks a career change through the management of the promoter. The promoter tells Tom to schedule an audition with him, so Tom starts taking music lessons from Miao-Lin (Linh Dan Pham), a relationship in which she is able to assist Tom in channeling his aggression through his music. Tom's father, Robert (Niels Arestrup), enlists Tom as one of his cronies as well as assisting Sami (Gilles Cohen) and Fabrice (Jonathan Zaccai), as they negotiate shady real estate deals, an activity that depletes Tom's energy and attentions as he strives to release his expressive music talents. Tom's interior conflict grows when he begins an affair with Aline (Aure Atika), Fabrice's wife, who has discovered that Tom covers for her husband when he meets other women for drug-fueled sex. Tom is also pulled into a conflict between his father and a Russian gangster, Minskov (Anton Yakovlev) the consequences of which stay with Tom years after he has forged a new alliance to change his life for the better. 
 OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies (2006)Summaries Secret agent OSS 117 foils Nazis, beds local beauties, and brings peace to the Middle East. An homage to classic spy films. It's 1955 and after a fellow agent and close friend disappears, secret agent Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath, a.k.a. OSS 117, is ordered to take his place at the head of a poultry firm in Cairo. This is to be his cover while he is busy investigating, foiling Nazi holdouts, quelling a fundamentalist rebellion, and bedding local beauties. Signy It's 1955, and relations are tense between Nasser's Egypt and France, friendly with Farouk. Hubert Bonisseur de la Bath, a French spy, is in Cairo to investigate the disappearance of Jack Jefferson, a fellow OSS operative and Hubert's best friend. Hubert's cover is an urban chicken ranch; his assistant is the beautiful Larmina. One Arab asks about Hubert: is he smart, or is he an imbecile? He fights well but he's supremely smug and self-confident, even as he's deaf to cultural nuance and others' feelings, so the odds are even that he might survive. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mademoiselle Chambon (2009)211) Jean, his loving wife and son live a simple, happy life. At his son's homeroom teacher Madamoiselle Chambon's request, he volunteers as substitute teacher and starts to fall for her delicate and elegant charm. His ordinary life between family and work starts to falter. Pusan International Film Festival Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vronique Chambon leads a quiet, unassuming life in provincial town, earning her living by teaching elementary school and seeming spending much of her free time in the quiet of her rented apartment. Having asked the parents of her pupils to visit her classroom to talk about what they do for a living, she encounters Jean, a class parent and home builder who somewhat shyly explains his daily routine. Somehow, a certain spark ignites between the proper young teacher and the gruff contractor. Both sense the impossibility of their attraction, but neither lets it fade. Stphane Briz carefully constructs the elegant, moving tale of unexpected romance with enormous patience and delicacy, sensitive to the rhythms of this special relationship full of misconstrued signals and ambiguous feelings. 
 The Night Manager (2016)Summaries The night manager of a Cairo hotel is recruited to infiltrate an arms dealer's inner circle. An Englishman, Jonathan Pine (played by Tom Hiddleston), is working as the night manager of a Cairo hotel. He gets involved with a local woman who is the girlfriend of a local gangster. Through her relationship with the gangster she has acquired information linking illegal international arms sales with Richard Roper (Hugh Laurie), an English billionaire. She is soon found dead, murdered due to her having this information. Fearing for his own life, Pine flees, ending up working at a remote hotel in Switzerland. Four years pass, and then Roper visits the Swiss hotel. This rekindles Pines thirst for revenge, and he is enlisted by British Intelligence to spy on Roper. What follows is a very dangerous game of intrigue and deception. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 