nm0003717:

 Miss Castaway and the Island Girls (2004 TV Movie)Summaries A spoof that combines Cast Away with Miss Congeniality, Planet of the Apes, Love Boat, Gilligan's Island, The Sixth Sense, Jurassic Park, and more "Miss Cast Away" (aka "Island Girl") is a mix of "There's Something About Mary" and "Scary Movie" crosses "Cast Away" with "Miss Congeniality." What happens when a plane-load of beauty contestants, on it's way to the Miss Galaxy Pageant, crash-lands on a deserted island? Pilots, Mike Saunders and Maximus Power learn how to survive with a bevvie of beautiful women -- of which none have ever even gone camping. Soon the castaways discover the ancient Noah's ark on the island. The lost ark is being guarded by an oversized prehistoric pig (Jurassic Pork). Noah is boarding apes (a la Planet of the Apes) and our survivors have got to stop his plan and use the ark to get off the island. Sarah (superstar_gurl_05@hotmail.com) While traveling with a team of misses for the dispute of the Miss Galaxy, the airplane piloted by Maximus Powers and Mike Saunders crashes in an isolated, where lays Noah's Ark protected by the Jurassic Pork. While the group fight to survive, alien apes plot to use the ark to destroy the human race and dominate planet Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beach Beverly Hills (1993)Summaries Three models seek excitement and rich husbands in Hollywood. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Random Factor (1995)Summaries A Canadian doctor's machine to reconstruct injured bodies from their DNA accidentally sends him into a mirror-reversed parallel universe. A doctor in Ottawa invents a miraculous machine that uses a record of a person's DNA to reverse injuries to his body. The victim of an accidental shooting, he becomes the first patient in his own machine... and awakens whole, but with his left and right reversed. Or has he, instead, slipped into a reversed parallel universe? On top of this, summer has mysteriously turned into winter, and a visiting American senator is trying to buy or steal the machine to sell it to another country for military use. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Echos of Enlightenment (2001)Summaries A fascinating story about a sleazy lawyer who stumbles upon enlightenment. Everyday, somewhere in America, a middle aged man leaves his home, his family, and never returns. Daniel, who knows the meaning of dreams and visions, is one such man. 60 days after Daniel disappears, his wife Mary, is determined to find him. She retraces his path, meets all the people he touched before he vanished, and makes a startling discovery. The answer to what happened to Daniel is resolved in a remarkable life affirming ending. Dan Coplan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 