nm0005096:

 On the Line (2001)321) A shy advertising employee meets his dream girl on the El train, but doesn't remember to get her phone number, resulting in an all-out search for the mystery girl A young man meets a girl on a train, only to spend the rest of the movie trying to reunite with her (one of the love-at-first-sight things), aided by his best friend in a quest of posters and signs that soon gains public notice. Will he ever find his soul mate? Jim Smith <jimsmith@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kevin Gibbons (Lance Bass) is singing in his prom night with his band. Everything is going alright, until the girl of his dreams arrives with her boyfriend, and Kevin fucks it up big time: he starts sweating, freezes and then passes out. Seven years later, Kevin works for an advertising agency which wants to prepare a campaign for Reebok. For that, his boss Mr Higgins (Dave Foley) tells him that he needs a lot of charisma and confidence, which is the image Reebok wants to portray. Boss assings Kevin to work in a team with Jackie (Tamala Jones), who basically thinks that Kevin is a bit useless and a pain on the neck. She doesn't like much the ideas put forward by Kevin. The next morning, Kevin goes to work in the same train as always. Taken away by the music he is listening to, he stands up and sings it aloud. All the rest of commuters look at him like he's a weird guy, except for one girl, -nameless, but which the audience will know later that her name is Rod- (Joey Fatone) who says she's liked his performance. They start talking. She studies archaelogy, and she notices his company pass saying he works for FKR agency. They keep on chatting, and they get off in the same station. While they are leaving, he asks her to tell him something which she would only tell a complete stranger she will never see again. So she says that her dad is a pilot and that she loves creating paper planes. She makes one, throws it up and it crashes onto some guy's thick afro hairstyle. His secret is that he can name all the presidents in order. She can name them as well. When they have to go separate ways, there is a weird moment of silence but she leaves to go wherever she needs to go. Kevin admits to his friends that the only thing he was able to say was "It was a pleasure committing with you.". They laugh about him. Eric (GQ) talks about Kevin's legendary lack of confidence. They are at a rock bar, discussing the matter. They all remember Kevin's disastrous night during his prom while playing with his school band. At home, Rod makes another paper plane, and she remembers her weekend in Chicago. Her friend Sam (Kristin Booth) asks her about the weekend she met with her boyfriend, but Rod is not so enthusiastic about that. She is more interested in that guy she met on the train. Boss presents the slogan for Reebok, "Step into the Future", but they expected a warmer tagline. Kevin is blamed for the disaster, and in frustration, he starts daydreaming. A song starts to sound, and he makes plenty of photocopies "Are you her? We met on the train. We talked about the presidents" with his telephone number. He distributes this all over town. A journalist called Randy "Freaky" Francis (James Bulliard) sees it and his editor thinks he's got a story. It happens that he was the guy who was dumped by the girl who went to her prom with Kevin instead of him. He is still on the story. When Kevin comes back home, the phone is ringing but none of his two flatmates picks it up. He does, and it's a girl who says she is the girl from the train. They will meet at 1:00. Of course, it's not her, because Rod is dating with her boyfriend, whom she has less and less in common. The weirdo who wants to date Kevin felt a "cosmic connection" with him by reading his poster. Rod's boyfriend is answering his phone all the time and keeps on forgetting her. She starts making a paper plane, bus his boyfriend buys her out with two tickets for the Al Green (himself) concert. Brady phones Kevin to interview him. The next day, the story gets printed, and everybody in the office giggles at Kevin behind his back - and in front of. The people at Reebok wants Kevin officially on the team which is working on their campaign, as they want that kind of passion. Margie the Receptionist (Jenny Parsons) is the one who has to deal with some of the prank calls Kevin and his friends go to a baseball match where Eric is hit with a ball for the third time. The Reebok campaign goes on, but so many calls from different girls are starting to get disruptive. Mr Higgins thinks that Kevin is still lacking drive and confidence. Jackie is constantly pouting at Kevin's childish behaviour. He wants more involvement from Kevin in Reebok. When he says "yes" at this proposal, Kevin is also agreeing by phone to the night plans Eric has for him. Kevin thinks he's finally found Rod at a bar, but it was not her, only somebody who looked like her from behind. Eric is thrown out of the bar while Al Green is performing a song about Kevin's search. While Eric and Kevin leave the bar, we can see Rod entering, looking for her boyfriend and not happy at all. They didn't see each other. The next morning, in the same train, Kevin is commutting. The girl appears and tells her name to him, but he can't quite hear it because of the noise. Suddenly, he wakes up: he's just reached his station and it was only a dream. Kevin's friends start pretending to be him when answering the phone. Nathan (Jerry Stiller) goes out with some freaky girls. One of these calls was Randy's call. He is outraged that so many girls want to meet Kevin. Back in Chicago, Rod finally sees the newspaper article about Kevin. She phones him but it's one of his friends who picks it up. All his friends are dating these girls pretending to be Kevin, so one of them sets a date on Saturday evening with Rod. Obviously, when Rod arrives to the restaurant she realises that he is not Kevin. Rod is first surprised, then annoyed and leaves without having even sat up. The friend runs after her and he realises that this time, she is the real deal. He makes her believe that Kevin knows and approves of his friends dating the lonely girls who call him. Randy's girlfriend Julie (Amanda Foreman) tries to set a date with Kevin. She comes back home with a broken nose, a plastered leg and crutches. The next morning, The Chicago Post says that it was all a scam. The first thing Kevin notices is that Margie doesn't want to talk to him. Higgins also calls him to his office and takes him out of the Reebok team. Jackie has to make some photocopies for the Reebok team in a hurry, but the clerk is on his coffee break, so it's Kevin who helps her out. At the end of that day, at the station, Kevin notices Rod also waiting for a train, but for another train in the other side of the lane. He calls out for her, but she doesn't hear him. He runs to her, but she is already in the train. The doors close. He taps on the window on her compartment, but she shows him The Chicago Post's headline saying that it was all a scam. Kevin tells Eric while playing baseball that he found her but that she blew him off. Eric tells him that she had called and that he went on a date with her. Kevin gets angry and punches Eric. CUE to images of Rod and Kevin, both strolling around the city, feeling lonely and depressed. Kevin's friends want to straighten things up. Following Eric's description of Rod, they renew the efforts to look for this girl. Kevin visits his father, in an elder people's home. He gives him a baseball and advises him to find that girl. Jackie has told the Reebok people that it was Kevin's idea. Kevin puts billboards all over Chicago saying that he was sorry and further asking the "train girl" to meet him at 7 at their stop. All the media and the general public is there waiting for him and the train girl. Meanwhile, Eric presents his new song to Julie. It's getting late, and all the camera crews leave because the train girl is not going to appear. A paper plane appears. It's from Rod. Kevin looks up and it's Rod. He asks for her name and they kiss. The next day, there is a picture of Rod and Kevin on the first page with the headline BOY FINDS GIRL! EXTRA FOOTAGE: N-Sync singers / dancers / whatever they were show fake behind the scenes footage. 
 Fairly OddParents (20012017)431) After being tortured and humiliated by his babysitter, a ten year old boy is put under the care of two fairy godparents, who can grant him almost any wish, which leads to dire consequences. Timmy Turner, a 10-year-old boy, has had it with his babysitter! He summons his fairy godparents who have the power to grant him wishes. Some of the wishes are really helpful, others don't work out so well. Timmy's godparents Wanda and Cosmo have ideas of their own and always lead Timmy on interesting adventures. Jwelch5742 Timmy Turner is a 10-year-old boy who wishes for a perfect life. Unfortunately, he has parents who work full time and often neglect him in favor of their own desires, and while they are out, he has an evil babysitter, Icky-with-a-V, who revels in tormenting him. By his side are his constant companions, his fairy godparents Cosmo (the idiot) and Wanda (the perfect straight-woman). Hilarity ensues as Timmy wishes himself into--and out of--all sorts of magical situations! kathylynnonline@msn.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the fictional town of Dimmsdale, California, The Fairly OddParents tells the story of a 10-year-old boy named Timmy Turner who is neglected by his parents and tortured by his babysitter, Vicky. One day, he is granted two fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, who grant his every wish to improve his miserable life. However, these wishes usually backfire or cause a series of problems that Timmy must fix. Earlier episodes of the series tend to revolve around Timmy trying to navigate his everyday life at home, at school or elsewhere in town with his best friends, Chester and A.J. or occasionally his parents, while also trying to fix a wish gone awry and ultimately, learning a lesson in the end. Later in the series, Timmy wishes that Cosmo and Wanda would have a baby, whom they named Poof. Much later in the series, Timmy gets a pet fairy dog named Sparky. Even later in the series, Timmy is informed that due to a shortage of available fairies, he must now share Cosmo and Wanda with his neighbor, Chloe Carmichael, who is essentially his polar opposite. Chloe loves sharing, animals, and everything that is ecologically friendly. At the beginning of the series, Vicky was the main antagonist, but as the series progressed, many more villains were introduced, including: Denzel Crocker, Timmy's mentally-ill teacher who wishes to prove the world that fairies exist; The school bully, Francis; Remy Buxaplenty, a young billionaire child with a fairy godparent who is set on getting rid of Timmy's fairy godparents due to his immense jealousy towards him for having two fairy godparents compared to his one; Dark Laser, a parody of Darth Vader, who wants to destroy Timmy and the Earth; The Pixies, who are known to wield as much power as fairies, but they treat their magical powers like a business. The Pixie's primary goal is to take control of Fairy World and the Earth; The Anti-fairies, who are similar to the actual fairies, but with polar opposite personalities and character traits. Anti-fairies are also known for causing bad luck; and Norm the Genie, who hatches plans to gain freedom from his lamp and get revenge on Timmy. 
 King of the Golden Sun (2018 )Summaries A young man is chosen to join a team of treasure hunters in their quest to obtain pieces of an ancient statue. A world of new experiences and severe training under some of martial arts' finest lead the team to push their limits and take down a rival team also searching for the treasures. It's an all out action packed race to the finish line with twists and turns as the team travels worldwide on their great search. Spike Industries It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Longshot (2001)Summaries A twenty-something tennis instructor/gigolo gets embroiled in a scheme involving seduction and insider trading. Jack Taylor is a Beverly Hills gigolo who is blackmailed by a corrupt and powerful businessman, Laszlo Pryce. He is forced to seduce a wealthy widow in NYC to obtain insider information so his blackmailer can profit. Jack desperately tries to prevent harm coming to his little brother Alex, but unexpectedly falls for the woman he is forced to betray. Now, he must choose. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 