nm0004583:

 Shoot 'Em Up (2007)431) A man named Mr. Smith delivers a woman's baby during a shootout, and is then called upon to protect the newborn from the army of gunmen. Late at night, in an unnamed U.S. city, a solitary man sits at a bus stop. A pregnant woman runs by, pursued by a man with a gun. With reluctance, the man at the bus stop rescues her and assists with the baby's delivery, while additional pursuers fire at them, including the gang's particularly nasty leader, an intuitive man named Hertz. Our hero, known only as Smith, determines to save the child and find out why Hertz wants the baby dead. At a local bordello, he tries to employ a lactating hooker to watch the child, but things quickly escalate, and this makeshift family is soon on the run. Heavy metal music calms the baby. Why? A laboratory, gun factory, and presidential campaign all figure in Smith's quest for the child's safe deliverance. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In the middle of the night, while waiting for a bus in a bus station, a lonely stranger called Mr. Smith sees a pregnant woman being chased by a man with a gun. He follows the couple, kills the man and helps the delivery of the baby in the middle of a shootout while a gang of hit-man tries to shoot them up. The woman is killed but Smith saves the baby, escaping from Hertz, the leader of the killers. Then he meets the prostitute Donna Quintano, who has just lost her baby, and asks her to breastfeed the newborn. They are chased by Hertz and Smith discovers the reason why the bad guy wants to kill the baby. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man, Smith (Clive Owen) sits on a bench ready to eat a carrot. A woman in a yellow coat runs past chased by a man driving an old black Camaro. The carrot eater follows and stops the man from killing the woman inside an abandoned factory building by driving the carrot through the man's head. Suddenly several other gun shooting attackers arrive and Smith fires back killing several. The hero and the woman get to another room where she gives birth. More men continue to attack, led by a balding, bespectacled man, Hertz (Paul Giamatti) . As Smith, the woman and her baby try to escape the woman is killed and Smith flees with the baby. Stopping in a washroom, Smith has a fight with a well dressed hitman, leaves him alive. On a bus he uses his sock to make a cap for the newborn baby. Smith then leaves the baby in a park on a rotating ride. As a bystander arrives to pick up the infant she is shot by Hertz from long range using a sniper rifle. Smith manages to rescue the baby and takes off again. He goes to a church which is actually a brothel. There he finds DQ (Monica Bellucci), a lactating wet nurse hooker and offers her $5000 to look after the baby. She refuses. Hertz fondles the dead mother's breast and realizes the baby will need milk, he to decides to find a lactating hooker and soon arrives at DQ's. He tortures her for info on Smith, who then returns. Smith shoots Hertz and some henchmen, and escapes stealing a BMW. He then gets upset at a Mercedes driver who doesn't signal lane changes and rams the other car. Hertz is still alive and calls someone for 50 more men. In a downtown area, Smith tries to buy bullets with some change and a blood donor cheque. DQ earns some cash by giving a man a BJ in an alley. Smith takes DQ and the baby to his place - a loft in a nondescript industrial building. The door lock is activated by a rat. Driving with two assistants, Hertz arrives at the same building. Apparently Hertz was an FBI Forensic Behaviour Consultant and knows what people will do. In the loft apt, Smith fashions a diaper from a newspaper and decides to call the baby Oliver as in Twist. Smith and DQ notice the baby calms down when watching heavy metal rock on TV and cries when a politician speaks on another channel. Suddenly dozens of attackers arrive. DQ escapes down a dumbwaiter as Smith and the baby escape in a wildly stylized hail of bullets. Hertz and his henchmen give chase with dogs but Smith eludes them by using the baby's diaper as a decoy. Smith decides the baby got used to heavy metal music while in the womb and they go to the local metal club. They go upstairs and find dead men in the office as well as a photo of three women in yellow dresses, one was the baby's mother. Next door Smith and DQ overhear a suit talking on the phone about the dead women. They then find a lab room with a fridge full of samples from one donor. Smith suspects the babies are being used for someone's bone marrow transplants. Smith, DQ and the baby return to a hotel room, Smith decides to wait and watch TV, having called all the major news outlets with the scoop. DQ is a saddened by the memory of her own child. Smith and DQ kiss and have sex. They are interrupted by several swat-team type gunmen but Smith shoots them all as he stays coupled with DQ. Smith brings DQ and the infant to an armoury, planning to put the two into an M-24 tank for safety. He gives her a weapon then causes a distraction by spanking a woman scolding her child to allow DQ to get inside. Smith loads up to go to the Hammerson gun works. Hertz and Hammerson (Stephen McHattie) discuss a British gun wiz as Smith lurks closeby in the gun factory warehouse. Once again a wild gunfight erupts and Smith and Hertz trade verbal barbs. Hertz reveals he knows Smith's wife was killed in a fast food place. Smith goes into action using several automatic weapons he has rigged to fire with strings. Back at the tank Smith explains to DQ that Hammerson is the rich guy involved. In a newspaper he notices the front page story of Senator Rutledge (Daniel Pilon) and realizes Rutledge is the one who needs the baby and his firearms bill will put Hammerson out of business. On the street the three are attacked by a black SUV. Smith takes the baby and jumps into a red BMW and a wild car chase starts. Smith takes out the SUV but the baby falls out onto the road. A black van full of gunmen arrive, Smith shoots them all but Hertz arrives in his limo and drives over the baby. But it is only a doll and tape recorder. Smith calls the Senator's aide (from the earlier washroom fight) asking for a meeting. The two men meet in a airport washroom and they go up into the Senator's campaign charter jet. Smith confronts the ailing politician. As they talk Smith notices white dog hair lint on the other man's pants. He grabs Rutledge realizing he had made a deal with Hammerson. Hammerson and Hertz come from the rear of the plane. Smith takes Rutledge hostage in the plane's cargo hold. He tells the Senator that killing Rutledge will ensure Congress passes the anti-gun bill, then shoots him in the head. Smith bails out with a parachute chased by attackers, they have a gunfight in mid air. Smith manages to push the Senator's aide into the blades of a helicopter. On the ground a wounded Smith observes the body parts and dead bodies. He collapses in an industrial building. As he wakens Hertz is standing over him with a gun. DQ walks warily in front of a church. A beaten Smith is dragged into a basement den. As Hammerson watches, Hertz breaks Smith's fingers, torturing him in order to learn where DQ and the baby are. Hertz explains that the Senator's plane crashed, so their coverup is underway. Meanwhile, DQ boards an old green bus to "Wherever". Hertz increases the violence and brings a scalpel towards Smith's eye. Smith suddenly manages to break free and kills the two henchmen and Hammerson. Smith staggers upstairs and collapses beside a fireplace. Hertz comes near to gloat, then notices Smith's hand in front of the fire, with bullets in between each finger pointed toward him. The heat causes the bullets to fire, and Hertz is shot in the chest. Not quite dead, Hertz rises, but finally Smith finishes him off. With heavily bandaged hands, Smith waits for the green bus in front of the church. He rides the bus full of hippies and gets off at an ice cream shop. Oliver, the baby, is there, safe; DQ is the waitress, and Smith kisses her. Suddenly, some scruffy, armed robbers break in; Smith is able to kill them all, using a carrot to help fire a gun with his bandaged hands. End credits. 
 Darkman (1990)431) A brilliant scientist left for dead returns to exact revenge on the people who burned him alive. Peyton Westlake is a scientist who has discovered a way to produce synthetic skin. This could revolutionise skin grafting, except for one minor glitch; the synthetic skin degrades after 100 minutes of exposure to light. When gangsters attack Peyton, he is horrifically burnt, and assumed dead. In his quest for revenge, Peyton, aka the Darkman, is able to take on the appearance of anyone (using the synthetic skin,) but he only has 100 minutes per disguise. Rob Hartill Scientist Peyton Westlake is working on a project to create synthetic skin. Now the skin he has developed has a flaw--it will not remain stable for more than 99 minutes. His girlfriend, Julie, a lawyer is investigating a developer. She leaves some incriminating documents at Peyton's. One night Peyton was working when the lights in his lab went out, he then discovers that the synthetic skin has remained stable past 99 minutes, he deduces that it's because of light that the skin doesn't remain stable. And it is at that moment that a psychotic criminal, Robert Durant appears demanding the documents that Julie left there. They beat up Peyton, and after finding the documents they blow up Peyton's lab. Peyton was blown away and everybody believes he is dead but in reality, he was found, burned seriously and a new procedure was performed on him that renders him unable to sense pain, he also now has tremendous strength and is now prone to violent outbursts. He is now working on perfecting the synthetic skin and at the same using his technology to make synthetic skin masks of the men who attacked him so that he could strike back at them. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In an unidentified city a gangster, Eddie Black, and his henchmen, await the arrival of another gangster, Robert Durant. Durant has been encroaching on Black's territory and Black is seeking revenge. When Durant and his crew arrive, they're immediately searched for weapons and allowed to enter the warehouse. Black delivers his terms, which demand that Durant move out of his territory. Durant nods at one of his crew, Smiley, who grabs the fake leg of one of his comrades and begins shooting at Black's men with an Uzi hidden in the fake limb. Black's men are quickly defeated and killed, leaving Black himself alive. Durant gives Black his terms, snipping off one of his rival's fingers for each with a cigar cutter. (It is revealed later that Durant preserves the fingers of his enemies and keeps them as trophies.) In a science lab Dr. Peyton Westlake experiments with artificial skin cells. However, all his attempts to create fake skin have failed; none of the samples he creates will remain stable after 99 minutes of exposure to light. Westlake's girlfriend, Julie Hastings, comes to his apartment later and brings a private memorandum from her office. The two share a romantic evening together. Julie notices that the memo is connected to shady dealings of her boss, Louis Strack. When Strack warns Julie to stop her investigation of the alleged connection, she refuses. Later, she leaves Westlake's lab just as he suggests they should get married. Julie is unsure of marrying him. Westlake returns to his scientific work and, as the timer closes in on 99 minutes, the lights go out in the lab. Westlake's assistant, Yakatito, reports that the skin cells are stable past 100 minutes. Westlake says that the key to the experiment has something to do with light. As Westlake goes to make a phone call, Durant appears and has his goons begin beating Westlake. Durant demands the memo Julie had found that would implicate her boss, which she had left at the apartment. Westlake tells them he knows nothing about it. Durant has Yakatito cruelly shot and his goons beat the doctor more, dipping him in a vat of boiling fluid that burns his face. He also burns his hands on the vat's electrodes. Durant's crew finds the memo and leave Westlake for dead; Durant himself sets a fuse to ignite flammable gas. Westlake's lab explodes, launching him through the roof and he falls, on fire, into the river, just as Julie arrives and sees the conflagration. Julie later attends Westlake's funeral, though there are almost no remains to be buried. Westlake is found by a medical team that takes him to a neurological clinic. Assumed to be a homeless person, they perform surgery to sever the nerves that transmit pain impulses, which relieves him from the pain from the damage to his hands and face. However, there is a serious side effect; Westlake's emotions, particularly anger and rage, become amplified. He also becomes physically stronger as well. Westlake escapes from the institution and begins to live on the streets. Donning a raincoat, he finds Julie as she leaves her apartment and tries to talk to her, however, his burnt face, still wrapped in dirty bandages, prevents him from doing so. Julie doesn't recognize him and rejects him as a homeless man. Westlake returns to his destroyed lab and salvages as much of his equipment as he can. Setting himself up in an abandoned factory, he continues his work on the artificial skin and plots his revenge against Durant and his thugs. He uses his computer system and an old burned photo of his face to make a mask of himself, however, the process will take several weeks. Westlake first shadows Durant's man, Rick. He kidnaps him and takes him below street level, coercing him into revealing Durant's name. Westlake then thrusts Rick up through a manhole where he's crushed under the wheels of a semi-truck. Westlake uses his technology to reproduce the faces of Durant's thugs. He first imitates a man named Paulie by drugging him in his sleep and taking his place at a money drop, stealing the cash in a briefcase. When Durant finds Paulie in his apartment, he finds that Paulie has two tickets (planted by Westlake) for Rio, one for him and one for Rick. Infuriated, Durant has Paulie thrown out the window to his death. Westlake, sitting nearby, and still wearing Paulie's false face, is a witness. He runs off when the skin begins to decompose and a woman screams. Every attempt by Westlake to perfect his skin formula fails. However, his computer completes the necessary reconstruction of his own face and he meets with Julie, finding her at his grave. The two begin to date again, with Westlake telling her that he'd been in a specialized institution in a coma. One day, he takes her to a carnival where he's cheated out of a prize by one of the staff. Enraged, he breaks the man's fingers and his false face begins to decompose. He runs back to his refuge, where Julie finds his work. Westlake refuses to come out of his hiding place when she calls to him. Westlake next turns his attention to Durant. Donning Durant's face and studying the gangster's voice until he can imitate it perfectly, he holds up a convenience store, making sure to identify himself on the security camera. The police arrest Durant and while he's incarcerated, Westlake goes with his thugs to a meeting with a Chinese gangster, Hung Fat. The man owes Durant a hefty sum of money but refuses to pay him until Westlake holds a match to his arm, burning himself severely. Terrified, Fat coughs up the money immediately. Meanwhile, Durant has posted bail and rushes to the meeting site in Chinatown. When he tries to enter the building through a revolving door, he runs straight into Westlake. In the confusion, Westlake knocks Durant to the ground and, while yelling at one of Durant's goons, his mask begins to fail. He bolts from the scene and escapes while Durant and his goons shoot at him. Julie meets with Strack again, who tells her that her life is in danger because of her association with Westlake. Julie leaves and Strack calls in Durant himself, who works for the tycoon. Strack orders Durant to find and kill Westlake. Julie will be the bait when she next goes to his hideout. When Julie does, Durant's gang kidnaps her and chases Westlake through the factory. He dispatches several of them wearing his disguises. One man has the misfortune of being shot by his friend while gagged and wearing a false face of Westlake. Westlake next turns his attention to Durant, who is riding in a helicopter. Westlake grabs onto a hook at the end of a long cable and is flown through the city. Flying over a highway, Durant has him lowered into traffic. Westlake lands on the top of a trailer and hooks the chopper to it, which is pulled into a bridge and destroyed when the truck goes under it. Westlake once again imitates Durant and meets with him at one of Strack's construction sites. Julie has been brought along. Strack tricks Westlake into revealing his identity and snatches the Durant mask off his head. Westlake fights with Strack's thugs, one of whom drops Julie onto a bundle of cables, where she dangles precariously. Westlake defeats all of Strack's men and uses a cable and hook to swing in and save Julie. When Strack corners him, he uses a bolt gun to pin Westlake's hand to a girder. As he moves in to kill him, Westlake rips his hand from the bolt and eventually throws Strack off the building to his death. In the elevator down, Westlake tells Julie of his shame at being disfigured and how he can never be with her again. He dons a final disguise (Sam Raimi regular, Bruce Campbell, in a cameo) and walks off, a voiceover saying he'll fight crime as Darkman. 
 Rat Race (2001)55) A Las Vegas casino magnate, determined to find a new avenue for wagering, sets up a race for money. Donald P. Sinclair has placed six separate gold coins in different slot machines in his casino. The lucky six who find these coins discover an opportunity of a lifetime: the chance to own $2 million, locked up in a locker in New Mexico. These six contestants must now race each other to be the first to the cash. There are no rules in place and everything that could possibly happen, does. Whilst, behind the scenes, Sinclair's associates are placing their bets. Film_Fan A group of billionaires led by a Las Vegas casino owner search for things to bet on. They decide to pull a group of six strangers together to race from Vegas to Silver City, New Mexico to retrieve $2 million hidden in a locker. First one there gets all of the money. The first team are two addled brothers (Duane and Blaine, who talks indecipherably because of a newly pierced tongue). When they cannot catch a plane, they plot to destroy an airport control tower in a very funny sequence. Their antics carry them into a hot air balloon chase that catches a cow with a dangling rope and into a monster truck competition. The second team is an estranged mother reunited with her daughter, who is struggling to start a business. They face an insane squirrel-selling woman and steal a rocket car scheduled for a land speed record attempt. A hated NFL referee is stranded in the desert by an irate cabbie and hijacks a busload of Lucille Ball look-alikes on the way to a convention. The Jewish family man on a family vacation joins the race without telling his wife why they are rushing across the country. When his daughter insists on stopping at a Barbie museum, it is without realization that it is the Klaus Barbie Nazi Museum. The escape from that location involves the theft of Hitler's personal touring car and culminates with Lovitz having his tongue burned and accidentally crashing into a WWII Veteran's convention. A narcoleptic Italian gets a ride with an ambulance driver, who is carting a human heart for a transplant. Through various ineptitude, the heart ends up flying out of the truck's window and the two have to recover it from a playful dog. The final race member is a straight-laced future lawyer who at first declines to participate in the race, but re-thinks his position after he meets a smart, beautiful woman who is flying a helicopter to New Mexico. He quickly finds out that she is unbalanced after she flies over her boy friend's house and starts an attack on the boy friend when she sees him in the pool with an ex-girl friend. An air pursuit results in the crash of the helicopter. Dave Thomas also appears as Cleese's humorless attorney. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Donald Sinclair owns the biggest, snazziest, flashiest, high rolling-est casino in Las Vegas. And to entertain some of his wealthiest patrons, he's staged the most original high stakes game that Sin City has ever seen! The contestants? Six teams. The jackpot? Two million dollars stuffed in a locker hundreds of miles away. The odds of winning? One in six. The rules? Well there's only one--get there first! What the racers don't know is that the tycoon and his rich buddies are betting on the outcome and are tracking every move the teams make. It's only a matter of time before they figure out who really stands to win the most before switching course to look for a different kind of pay-off. Sujit R. Varma A betting-obsessed casino mogul and his group of just as bad billionaire associates, sets up a new kind of gamble in a race for $2 million hidden away in a locker. They enlist the aid of eight people who happen to be residing in his casino at once. A clean cut lawyer, a disgraced NFL referee, two inept brothers, a determined mother and daughter, a narcoleptic Italian immigrant, and a desperate father embark on a series of misadventures to obtain the money regardless of what it takes. MonkeyKingMA It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Out of Sight (1998)321) A career bank robber breaks out of jail, and shares a moment of mutual attraction with a U.S. Marshal he has kidnapped. A career bank robber busts out of jail (Clooney) with the help of his buddy (Rhames) and kidnaps a US Marshal (Lopez) in the process. When the two cons head for Detroit to pull off their final big scam, the Marshal is put on their case but she finds she is attracted to one of them and has second thoughts about bringing them in. <97fa043@dvc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Foley, a small-time crook and obviously agitated, walks out of an office building, rips his necktie off and throws it on the ground. He walks into a nearby bank and surveys the lobby for a few minutes. He walks up to a teller's window and informs the woman behind the counter that his accomplice is sitting with her manager and that if she doesn't follow his instructions, the man will shoot her boss. Foley tells her to empty the cash drawer of it's contents, leaving behind the bills on the very bottom of the piles. Foley assures her she's doing a good job, takes the money and walks out, stopping to talk momentarily to the man he identified as his accomplice. The man (a cameo by director Steven Soderbergh) has no idea who Foley is. Outside the bank, Foley tries to start his car, only to flood the engine in his desperation to flee the scene. A police officer, gun drawn, apprehends Foley, who submits without any altercation. The story jumps to two years before when Foley is a prisoner in Glades Correctional facility in Florida. Playing basketball with other inmates, he looks over the crowd of old-time "lifers" and seemingly reaches the conclusion that he doesn't want to end up like them. He spots a couple of fellow inmates, Chino and Lulu, jogging by. When he speaks to them later, he tells them he knows they are plotting an escape. Another security fence is being constructed just beyond the primary one just beyond the point where they plan to emerge once they've tunneled out. Foley tells them he's going with them in exchange for keeping silent about the breakout. Foley does tell a guard about the plan, telling the man to meet him in the prison chapel that night. In Miami, Karen Sisco, a US Marshall, has lunch with her father, a retired Marshall himself. He gives her a Sig-Sauer pistol as a birthday gift. He also questions her about a man she's been seeing, Ray Nicolette, another Marshall, who is married. Karen's father doesn't approve and she tells him to drop the subject. She also tells him that she has to go to Glades Correctional to follow up on a case. Karen arrives at Glades. Also arriving in the prison parking lot is Foley's longtime friend, Buddy, driving a stolen Cadillac. Lulu and Chino have already begun their escape from the prison chapel, while Foley stands watch. The guard Foley had told to come to the chapel arrives and Foley tells him to watch the fenceline. Foley grabs a large vase and hits the guard with it, knocking him out. Outside the fence, Sisco sees the men emerging from their tunnel and alerts the tower guards. Two men escape (one of them is Chino) and two more are shot. Foley surfaces, wearing the guard's uniform and tells the other guards that the tunnel is clear of escapees. Foley approaches Sisco, who wields a shotgun. Foley distracts Karen long enough for Buddy to grab her from behind and they throw her in the trunk of her car; Foley crawls in after her. Buddy drives them away. In the trunk, Foley and Karen have a lengthy conversation, largely about prisoners and movies. Buddy stops under a highway overpass where they are to meet another former convict, Glenn Michaels, who waits with another car. When Foley gets out of the trunk, Karen immediately opens fire with the pistol her father had given her. Foley manages to slam the trunk lid shut trapping her inside. They let her out when she promises to give herself up. They put Karen in the car with Glenn; Buddy and Foley talk for a few minutes about what to do with Karen. Foley is attracted to her, but Buddy doesn't believe she shares his feelings. Glenn suddenly drives off with Karen, leaving them both behind. Buddy and Jack return to Miami and go to Buddy's apartment. Foley draws a hot bath and relaxes. Karen appears, gun drawn and finds Foley in the tub. She looks him over briefly and moves in to arrest him when he suddenly opens his eyes and greets her. Karen wakes up in a hospital bed, her father next to her. He asks her what she was dreaming about and she asks him what she said. Her father says, "Hey back." Karen had been unconscious for a brief time and recounts to her boss, Burdon, what happened: in the car with Glenn, Karen, remembering Glenn from a previous prisoner transfer, had persuaded Glenn to leave Buddy and Foley behind. Glenn had complied but an argument had broken out between them about what route to take. With both of them panicky, Karen had grabbed the steering wheel trying to force Glenn to take an exit on the highway. The car spun out of control, hit a water barrier and Karen hit her head inside the car, giving her a slight concussion. Karen's inexperienced boss, Burdon, is somewhat incredulous. At Buddy's apartment, Jack goes through the contents of Karen's purse, finding a picture of her father. Buddy tries to persuade Jack that they need to leave town immediately, however, Jack wants to see Karen one last time. Jack calls her at home and they have a short conversation. She suggests he turn himself in which Jack refuses to do. Buddy suddenly starts talking in the background and Karen recognizes his voice. Their need to escape even more serious, Jack hangs up. On the television is a report about a squatter's camp being raided; Lulu is among the dead. Jack realizes that Lulu could be tied to Chino; in prison, Jack had told Chino about his former wife, Adele, and where she lived. Jack also realizes that it won't be long before the US Marshal's Office finds Adele. Adele worked for several years as a magician's assistant and Chino seems obsessed with the trick of sawing a woman in half, wanting to learn the secret from Adele herself. Chino finds Adele's apartment and goes there, however, Karen has gotten there first and asks Adele if she knows of Jack's whereabouts. Chino starts pounding on Adele's door. Karen gets Adele to stall and when Chino breaks in, Karen arrests and cuffs him immediately. She calls Burdon and asks to be part of the task force looking for Buddy and Jack. Burdon refuses, so Karen asks him if he'll allow her on the team if she brings in Chino. At Buddy's apartment building, Burdon and his team close in on Buddy's apartment and Burdon relegates Karen to standing watch in the lobby. Buddy and Jack have already exited the room and head down to the parking garage in the elevator. The elevator stops at lobby-level and Karen catches a glimpse of Jack, who sees her also. Buddy and Jack make it to the car and leave. Jack and Buddy drive to Detroit, intending to catch up with a fellow inmate, Maurice "Snoopy" Miller. They also plan to find another former inmate, Richard Ripley, a wealthy businessman who'd been serving time for embezzlement. While incarcerated, he'd spoken to Glenn about a small fortune he had in uncut diamonds that he kept in his Detroit home. Glenn, however, didn't keep the information secret and Snoopy also intends to rip off Ripley as well. While driving in a limo around Detroit, Snoopy tells Glenn that he's taking over the operation of the heist. Glenn is initially resistant but quite intimidated by Snoopy. Snoopy also demands that Glenn accompany them on a job where they'll kill a transvestite who competes with Snoopy over drug-dealing territory. Glenn does so and the job turns out to be more violent and terrifying than he ever thought, with Snoopy and his henchmen, one of whom is is brother-in-law, Kenneth. He goes with Snoopy to the Kronk Gym where Jack and Buddy meet up with them. They all agree to meet at a boxing match the next night to discuss the plan to steal Ripley's fortune. Karen arrives in Detroit and talks to an associate about finding Jack. The agent, Raymond Cruz, in the midst of cleaning up the crime scene left by Snoopy and Glenn earlier in the day, tells her he'll get an address. Karen goes to Snoopy's home and talks to his sister, Moselle, who says she hasn't seen Maurice for several months but he may show up at the boxing matches at the State Theatre the next night. Also at the house is Kenneth. He corroborates Moselle's story and sends her to the store. After Moselle leaves, he tries to force himself on Karen, who hits him with a compact police baton and leaves. Back at her hotel, Karen fends off the advances of a few businessmen at the hotel bar, pointing out to one of them that she knows he's married. Foley quietly appears & they share a drink together. They go back to her room and have sex. Karen leaves the bed and begins to question Foley's motives in having sex with her. He assures her that he was not out for a one-nighter. In the morning, he's gone and has left the Sig-Sauer pistol he'd taken from her in Florida. Glenn goes with Maurice to the State Theatre where they watch boxing bouts. Glenn asks to be excused to use the men's room and quickly bolts out of the State. While trying to hotwire the car Maurice had taken from him, finds Karen waiting for him. Glenn explains that he's really frightened of Maurice & just wants to get away from him. He also tells her that they're planning to rob Ripley's house. Karen lets Glenn go, believing he'll be no further trouble. Jack and Buddy case Ripley's house. While they sit in the car, Jack remembers meeting with Ripley at his Miami headquarters; in prison, Ripley had offered Jack a job with his corporation after he'd gotten out. Jack is angry to find out that Ripley expects him to take a lower-waged job as a security guard. Jack is furious, thinking Ripley owes him more because he'd protected him in prison. Ripley coldly counters by saying that Jack is a repentant criminal and not worthy of gainful employment. Jack is hustled out by security and walks toward the bank he robs in the first scene. After the fights at the State, Jack and Buddy meet Maurice's partners, Kenny and a hulking thug named White Boy Bob. Foley and Buddy immediately suspect that Snoopy will have them both killed once they've stolen Karen follows them. They drive to Ripley's mansion where Bob, posing as a plumber, forces himself in over the objections of Ripley's housekeeper, Midge. Maurice asks where Ripley is, Midge tells him he's in Florida for the winter. The crew forces her to take them to Ripley's safe in his bedroom. Maurice charges Foley and Buddy with checking the other rooms in the house. In Ripley's closet, Maurice finds the safe behind some suits. He, Kenny & Bob try to shoot it open; before they can open fire on their second try, Midge tells them the combination is Ripley's birth date. When they get the safe open they only find Ripley's hairpieces. Maurice leaves the room, looking for Foley. Jack enters Ripley's office and finds Ripley in a small bathroom on hold with 911. Buddy finds them both and Jack mentions that he knows that Ripley has hidden his stash of uncut diamonds in the large fish tank in the office. Jack has Buddy retrieve them and take them out to the van, believing they can slip away before Maurice finds them. Out at the van, Jack has an attack of conscience, believing that Maurice is going to kill both Ripley & Midge, possibly gang-raping Midge first. He tells Buddy to take the diamonds and go. Buddy gives him a pistol and drives off. Foley reenters the house and goes up to the bedroom. Kenny is in bed with Midge, forcing himself on her. When Foley calls to Midge, Kenny shoots through the door with his sawed-off shotgun, missing Foley. Foley rushes in and shoots Kenny dead, the first person he's ever killed. As Foley makes his way back to the main staircase, he's stopped by Bob. Bob begins to trot up the stairs, trips, and kills himself when his pistol goes off under his chin. Maurice rushes to the scene, shooting at Foley. When they both run out of shots, they begin to fight, Maurice quickly gaining the advantage with his boxing skill. Foley finds Kenny's gun, Maurice seizes Bob's, but isn't faster than Foley, who shoots him dead. Karen also shows up, telling Jack to surrender. Jack, not wanting to go back to prison, wants Karen to kill him but she refuses, shooting Jack in the leg. Jack is tackled by another cop and handcuffed. Within a few days, Jack is due to be transported back to Florida to face charges associated with his escape from Lompoc. He's put into a van that Karen will also ride in. Before they leave another prisoner, Hejira (a cameo by Samuel L. Jackson), is also put into the van. Jack asks him where he got his name; "Hejira" is the Arabic term for the prophet Muhammed's 7th Century flight from Mecca. Hejira goes on to tell Jack that he's escaped from prison at least nine times. Jack thinks that Karen put Hejira into the van with him because they'd "have a lot to talk about" during the long drive to Florida. They drive off, Karen smiling in the front seat. (This summary of the movie is not long enough to be suitable as a synopsis. Please add more information to complete the synopsis.) The story revolves around the relationship between a career bank robber, Jack Foley (George Clooney), and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco (Jennifer Lopez). They are forced to share her car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends - his right-hand man, Buddy (Ving Rhames) and Glenn (Steve Zahn) - work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley (Albert Brooks), who foolishly bragged to them years before about a diamond stash at his mansion. But a vicious criminal (Don Cheadle) who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley, is planning on hitting up Ripley's mansion with his crew, consisting of (Keith Loneker) and (Isaiah Washington), as well. The question of whether Sisco is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having. 