nm0001876:

 Entrapment (1999)431) An insurance agent is sent by her employer to track down and help capture an art thief. Following the theft of a highly-secured piece of artwork, an agent convinces her insurance agency employers to allow her to wriggle into the company of an aging but active master thief. Connery's burglar takes her on suspiciously and demands rigorous training before their first job together, stealing a highly-valued mask from a chichi party. Their deepening attraction and distrust could tear apart their partnership, but the promise of a bigger prize (some eight billion odd dollars) by Zeta-Jones keeps the game interesting. Only, who's playing with whom? Lordship <lordship@juno.com> Always one step ahead of Virginia "Gin" Baker, the glamorous New York City insurance investigator, the master thief and matchless art connoisseur, Robert "Mac" MacDougal, reluctantly allows an alliance when Gin comes to him with a bold proposition. To win his trust, Gin poses as an experienced burglar who has set her eyes on a priceless Asian artefact; however, to accept her as his assistant, she, too, needs training. In the end, despite the burgeoning attraction between them, Gin and Mac need to stay focused on a multibillion-dollar grand prize; but, is there any honour among thieves? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Virginia "Gin" Baker (Zeta-Jones) is an investigator who works for a top insurance agency. Robert "Mac" MacDougal (Connery) is an international art thief who likes a challenge. A priceless Rembrandt is stolen from an office one night: Gin suspects that Mac is the thief, so she is sent to investigate him. She tries to entrap him with a proposition, claiming that she is an art thief. She promises she will help him steal a priceless Chinese mask from a well guarded palace. They travel to Scotland, and plan the complicated theft at Mac's hideout, an isolated castle on a small island. While Mac is busy making final preparations, Gin contacts her boss, Hector Cruz (Patton), and informs him of Mac's whereabouts. Little does she know that the island is bugged, allowing Mac to eavesdrop on their conversation. Just after they complete it, Mac accuses Gin of planning to sell the mask to a buyer in Kuala Lumpur, and then turn him in. Gin convinces him that her insurance agency job was a cover, and that she has planned an even bigger job in Kuala Lumpur: $8 billion from the International Clearance Bank, in the Petronas Towers. They manage to pull the job off, but Cruz warns the building's security about their plans. Realizing the crooks are in one of the elevators, the guards shut it down. Nevertheless, Gin and Mac escape, via hanging Christmas lights and ventilation shafts. Since Gin lost her parachute in the escape, Mac gives her his. He tells her to meet him the next morning at the Pudu train station at 6:30 AM. The next morning, Gin arrives at the station waiting for Mac. Minutes later from the planned time, he shows up with Cruz and the FBI. Mac nearly hands Gin to the FBI, knowing that she was a master thief herself. He explains that the FBI had been looking for her for quite some time. When he was caught, Mac made a deal with the agency to help them arrest Gin. Still, the aging thief has another plan to let her go, as he is getting old and she has got her life ahead of her. Gin persuades Mac to come with her. She holds Mac hostage threatening to shoot him if the agents follow her. However, she tricks them and boards a train, leaving them behind. As the FBI agents walk away, another train arrives, and Gin suddenly appears. She tells Mac that she still needs him for another job. The two thieves kiss as the film ends. 
 Traffic (2000)541) A conservative judge is appointed by the President to spearhead America's escalating war against drugs, only to discover that his teenage daughter is a crack addict. Two DEA agents protect an informant. A jailed drug baron's wife attempts to carry on the family business. An intertwined drama about the United States' war on drugs, seen through the eyes of a once conservative judge, now newly-appointed drug czar, his heroin-addicted daughter, two DEA agents, a jailed drug kingpin's wife, and a Mexican cop who begins to question his boss's motives. A modern day look at America's war on drugs told through four separate stories that are connected in one way or another. A conservative judge who's just been appointed as the US drug czar learns that his teenage honor student daughter is a drug addict. A beautiful trophy wife struggles to save her wealthy husband's drug business, while two DEA agents protect a witness with inside knowledge of the spouse's business. In Mexico, a slightly corrupt, yet dedicated cop struggles with his conscience when he learns that his new boss may not be the anti-drug official he made himself out to be. <MonkeyKingMA@aol.com> Intertwining vignettes frame this tale of America's escalating War on Drugs. Ohio Supreme Court judge Robert Wakefield has been appointed the nation's Drug Czar, his new position made more daunting by the discovery that his teenage daughter Caroline is a cocaine addict. Meanwhile, DEA agents Montel Gordon and Ray Castro are pursuing Helena Ayala, wife of jailed kingpin Carlos Ayala, as she seeks to the control the business that her husband had kept hidden from her. South of the Border, duplicious local constable Javier Rodriguez is fighting the battle with his own jaded, questionable ethical code. N. Cognito <nobody@noplace> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in Mexico, where police officer Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez (Del Toro) and his partner, Manolo, stop a drug transport and arrest the couriers. Their arrest is interrupted by General Salazar (Milian), a high-ranking Mexican official. The general decides to hire Javier and instructs him to locate and apprehend Frankie Flowers (Collins, Jr.) a notorious hit man for the Tijuana Obregn Drug Cartel. Meanwhile, Robert Wakefield (Douglas), a conservative Ohio Judge, is appointed to be head of the President's Office of National Drug Control, taking the title of Drug Czar. Wakefield is warned by his predecessor and several influential politicians that the war on drugs is unwinnable. Unbeknownst to Wakefield, his honor student daughter, Caroline (Christensen) is using cocaine and falls victim to drug addiction when she is introduced to freebase cocaine by her boyfriend, Seth (Grace). She and Seth are arrested when another student at her high school overdoses on drugs and they try to dump him anonymously at a nearby hospital. Robert finds out that his wife Barbara (Irving) has known about their daughter's involvement with drugs for over six months. In the third plot line, which is set in San Diego, an undercover Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) investigation led by Montel Gordon (Cheadle) and Ray Castro (Guzmn), arrest Eduardo Ruiz (Ferrer), a high-stakes dealer posing as a fisherman. In the process, Ruiz is hospitalized and decides to risk the dangerous road to immunity by giving up his boss - drug lord Carlos Ayala (Bauer), the biggest distributor for the bregon brothers in the United States. Ayala is charged by a tough prosecutor, hand-selected by Wakefield in an attempt to send a message to the Mexican drug organizations through a conviction against the drug lord. Flowers is tortured and eventually gives Salazar the names of several important members of the bregon Drug Cartel, who are arrested in a large effort by police and army soldiers. Javier and Salazar's efforts start to cripple the bregon brothers cocaine outfit, but Javier and Manolo discover that Salazar is a pawn for the Jurez Cartel, the rival of the bregon brothers. The entire Mexican anti-drug campaign is a fraud, as Salazar is wiping out one cartel, not out of duty, but rather because he has aligned himself with another cartel for profit. Wakefield realizes that his daughter is a drug addict and finds himself caught between his demanding new position and his worrisome family life. When he heads to Mexico, he is encouraged by the successful efforts of Salazar against the bregon brothers. When he returns to Ohio, Robert learns that his efforts to see Caroline rehabilitated have failed, and she escaped into the city and no one knows her location. Secretly, she's forced to prostitute herself and rob her parents to procure money for drugs. As the trial against Carlos Ayala begins, Carlos' pregnant wife, Helena (Zeta-Jones) learns of her husband's true profession. With her husband facing life imprisonment, and death threats against her only child, she decides to hire Flowers to assassinate Eduardo Ruiz. She knows that killing Ruiz will effectively end the trial nolle prosequi. Javier's partner, Manolo, sells information to the DEA, but is killed for his betrayal. Javier, who can no longer stomach working for Salazar, decides to cut a deal with the only non-corrupt organization he has access to - the Federal Government of the United States and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In exchange for his testimony, Javier requests electricity in his neighborhood, so that kids can play baseball at night rather than be tempted into street gangs and crime. General Salazar's secrets are revealed to the public. He is arrested and tortured to death shortly after. Wakefield begins a search for his daughter and drags along Seth after interrupting one of his classes. After being threatened and nearly killed by Caroline's regular dealer, he follows Seth to a seedy hotel room in Cincinnati and finds a semi-conscious Caroline prostituting herself to an older man. Wakefield returns to Washington, D.C., to give his prepared speech on a "10-point plan" to combat the war on drugs. In the middle of the speech, he falters, then tells the press that on a war on drugs is a war against many of our own family members, which he cannot endorse. He quits his job and heads home. Flowers' assassination attempt on Ruiz fails, when he himself is assassinated for his betrayal by a sniper working for the bregon Cartel. Helena, knowing that Ruiz is soon to testify, then makes a deal with Juan bregon (Bratt), lord of the drug cartel, who forgives the debt of the Ayala family. Helena gives bregon the formula and procedure to turn bregon cocaine into harmless-looking plastic rabbit dolls that are undetectable by DEA dogs and can be shipped across the Mexico/US border. bregon agrees to the deal and to the stipulation that Helena's husband will be the sole distributor of bregon cocaine in the United States. bregon also agrees to have Ruiz killed. Carlos Ayala is released, much to the discomfort of Montel Gordon, who lost his partner, Castro, when Frankie tried to assassinate Ruiz with a car bomb. Ruiz is eventually given poison-laced food in his hotel room and dies. Soon after, Montel bursts into the Ayala residence and illegally plants a microphone under one of the tables, before being kicked out. Robert and Barbara begin to go to Narcotics Anonymous meetings with their daughter, to support her and everyone else there. Javier takes the media to Mexico and explains what he can about the widespread corruption in the police force and army. The film concludes with him watching some Mexican children playing baseball at night, at their new stadium. 
 The Mask of Zorro (1998)761) A young thief seeking revenge for his brother's death is trained by the once-great, aging Zorro, who is pursuing his own vengeance. In 1821 Old California, mysterious black-caped masked avenger of the oppressed, Don Diego de la Vega--Zorro--lands in jail after once again humiliating the evil Spanish governor Don Rafael Montero. With his only daughter raised by Don Rafael as his own, the grizzled swordsman makes a daring escape nearly two decades later, and takes under his wing the unrefined outlaw Alejandro Murietta to teach him the ropes and hopefully become the next Zorro. Now, the stage is set for a ferocious final confrontation, as the new young rapier-wielder prepares to thwart the despicable governor's sinister plans. Can Alejandro live up to legendary Zorro's name? Nick Riganas The original Zorro, Don Diego de la Vega (Sir Anthony Hopkins), is captured and imprisoned just as Spain concedes California to Santa Anna. 20 years later, his mortal enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), returns to California with a plan to become wealthy at the expense of the peasants. The original Zorro escapes from prison and trains a new Zorro to take his place. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Don Diego de la Vega/Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) returns from exile to avenge the death of his wife, who was killed by his enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson). Montero took de la Vega's daughter Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and raised her as Elena Montero. The older Zorro takes it upon himself to train his successor, Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), who had once helped Zorro escape. Alejandro is cocky and comical, but shows some talent with sword play. Kathy Clark <kemoore@cyberramp.net> Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) saves three men from the fleeing Spanish Governor (Stuart Wilson), but is followed to his home where his wife is killed and his infant daughter taken and is imprisoned. 20 years later, he escapes and finds his daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones) has been raised as the Governor's child. Vowing revenge, he takes a young thief (Antonio Banderas), who is also seeking revenge as his apprentice, who will become the new wearer of the Mask of Zorro. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> In early-19th-century California, masked swordsman hero Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) was a champion of the people against the tyranny of Spanish rule, represented by the ruthless Governor Montero (Stuart Wilson). Unfortunately, on the eve of his greatest triumph, the liberation of California, Montero learns of Zorro's secret identity as Don Diego de la Vega and attacks the rebel in his house, leaving him imprisoned, his wife dead and his daughter abducted to be claimed as the child of Montero. 20 years later, Montero returns to California intent on a foul plan to bring it under his total control. Upon learning of his return, Don Diego escapes from his long imprisonment and prepares for his revenge. Part of it involves the training of an orphan (Antonio Banderas), who helped him as a boy to become his successor. Together, the two must prepare to do battle with Montero and his American henchman to save California and reunite with Diego's lost daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones). So once again, the enemies of freedom and justice in California must fear of the man who leaves the mark of the Z. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1821, the Mexican Army is on the verge of liberating its country from Spanish colonial rule. In the area of Las Californias the ruthless Spanish Governor, Don Rafael Montero, is about to be overthrown. In a last ditch effort to trap his nemesis, the masked swordsman Zorro (Anthony Hopkins), Montero prepares to execute three innocent townspeople. With assistance from two orphan brothers, Joaquin and Alejandro Murrieta, Zorro releases the prisoners. Zorro rewards the Murrieta brothers with a special medallion he wears, and escapes on his horse, Toronado, after cutting a "Z" into Montero's neck as a parting gift and warning. The same night, however, Montero confronts Zorro at his home, having deduced that Zorro is really Don Diego de la Vega, a Spanish nobleman married to Esperanza, the woman Montero had always loved. Attempting to arrest Diego, a fight ensues, during which Esperanza is killed while trying to protect Diego. Diego's house is burned and his infant daughter, Elena, is taken to Spain by Montero to be raised as his own while Diego is taken to prison. Twenty years later, Montero secretly returns to California, looking for Diego in the old prison. Although de La Vega is there, Montero does not recognize him, while several prisoners claim to be Zorro. Diego later escapes, intent on killing Montero the following day at a public ceremony for Montero's return. However, Diego restrains himself when he sees Elna (Catherine Zeta-Jones), now a beautiful young lady. Elena is presented with a bouquet of flowers - Romagnas, native to California - the scent of which she recognizes, although she incorrectly believes she has never been to California before. Diego soon meets an adult Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), whom he recognizes by the medal he awarded Joaquin. Now a drunken, clumsy bandit, Alejandro is bitter over the recent capture of his mentor, bandit Three-Fingered Jack (L. Q. Jones), and the murder of Joaquin by the sadistic Texian Army Captain Harrison Love, Montero's commander-in-chief. Diego recruits and trains Alejandro to become his successor. After some training, Alejandro dons a makeshift costume and clumsily steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Diego's former steed. En route, Alejandro encounters Elna. Escaping from Captain Love, Alejandro seeks refuge in a nearby church, with the assistance of the town priest and Zorro's old friend, Father Felipe. Alejandro hides in the confessional, where Elna unwittingly reveals her infatuation with the mysterious "bandit" she had just met. Upon his return, Diego scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. Diego rebuffs a challenge by Alejandro, instructing him that to gain Montero's trust, Alejandro must convince Montero that he is "a gentleman of stature." Posing as visiting nobleman Don Alejandro del Castillo y Garca, with Diego as his servant, Alejandro attends a party at Montero's hacienda, where he quickly gains Elna's admiration and enough of Montero's trust for the latter to invite him to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake all of California for the Dons by buying it from their hero, General Santa Anna, who is desperately in need of money to fund his ongoing war with the United States. The next day, Alejandro and the Dons are taken by Montero to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and petty criminals are used as slave labor. Montero reveals that he plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from his own land. Three-Fingered Jack, now a slave, attacks the noblemen and is killed by Captain Love. Meanwhile, Diego uses this opportunity to become closer to Elna, though he identifies himself as "Bernardo" the servant (a homage to the name of Zorro's mute sidekick from the original story), learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. Later, while walking in a local market, Elna meets the woman who had been her nanny and used to hang romagnas on her crib. Diego later sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine from Montero's hacienda. In the process, Zorro duels and fights off Montero, Captain Love, and their guards. As he escapes to the stable, he is confronted by Elna, who attempts to retrieve the map belonging to her "father." While Elena shows considerable skill with a sword, Zorro nonetheless manages to defeat her, then playfully cuts off her bodice, leaving her in nothing but her underwear and her long tresses. After a passionate kiss, Zorro flees the stable and shakes off his pursuers. Meanwhile, terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero and Captain Love decide to destroy the mine with explosives and kill the workers, thereby leaving no evidence. Alejandro uses the stolen map to locate the mine in order to release the workers. Diego tells Alejandro to release them on his own, so that he can confront Montero and reclaim Elena as his daughter. Alejandro sets off to the mine, feeling betrayed by Diego's personal vendetta. Later that night, Diego corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his true identity. After being summoned by her presumed "father," Montero captures Diego after threatening to kill him in front of Elena. As he is escorted away by guards, Diego tells Elena the name of the flowers she recognized upon her arrival to California, convincing her that Diego is her true father. She later releases Diego from his cell, and they proceed to the mine. There, Zorro prevents Captain Love from loading gold onto a wagon to be taken from the mine, and engages him in a duel. Diego prevents Montero from shooting Zorro, and they also duel. After disarming Montero, Elna appeals for him to spare Montero's life. Montero capitalizes by threatening Elna, and then wounding Diego. Zorro ultimately defeats and mortally wounds Love in a protracted swordfight taking them through various points around the mine. Though mortally wounded, Diego also defeats Montero, by having a gold-laden wagon drag Montero off a cliff and crushing Love in the process. Elna and Alejandro, now without his mask, free the captive workers before the explosives set by Love go off. Before dying in their arms, Diego makes peace with Alejandro, fully passes the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro's and Elena's prospective marriage. In the film's epilogue, Alejandro and Elna are married and have a son named Joaquin, in honor of Alejandro's brother. As Elena puts Joaguin to sleep, Alejandro exits the room and as Zorro, draws his sword and makes his trademark 'Z' as the credits roll. 
 Chicago (2002)761) Two death-row murderesses develop a fierce rivalry while competing for publicity, celebrity, and a sleazy lawyer's attention. Murderesses Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) (a chanteuse and tease who killed her husband and sister after finding them in bed together) and Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) (who killed her boyfriend when she discovered he wasn't going to make her a star) find themselves on death row together and fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows in 1920s Chicago. Debpp322 In 1920s Chicago. Housewife Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) dreams of fame, Her dreams lead her to death-row, where she and another murdess, a vaudevillan named Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones), develop a rivalry while competing for for fame in the hope it will keep them from their fate. Huggo Nightclub sensation Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) murders her philandering husband, and Chicago's slickest lawyer, Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), is set to defend her. But when Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) also winds up in prison, Billy takes on her case as well - turning her into a media circus of headlines. Neither woman will be outdone in their fight against each other and the public for fame and celebrity. Jwelch5742 Fame hungry Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) dreams of a life on the Vaudville stage, and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of Chicago, continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break, and be shot into 1920's stardom, so able to flee her boring husband Amos (John C. Reilly). In awe of seductive club singer Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) (who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair), Roxie meets Fred Casely (Dominic West), a man who convinces her he can "make her showbiz career take off". However, after Roxie has undergone the "casting couch" treatment, and Fred has had his wicked way with her, he reveals that he has no more connections in show business than she does. This is the final straw for Roxie, and her constant anger at rejection explodes. She shoots Fred Casely and kills him. Upon discovering her infidelity, Roxie's husband Amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and Roxie is sent to jail, pending hanging. In jail, she finally meets tabloid darling Velma Kelly, currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale. Sharing the clink with Velma, are a collection of other sly females, all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners. Velma is aloof to Roxie, however, the prison Warden, Matron Mama Morton (Queen Latifah), offers Roxie the opportunity of representation by slick Chicago lawyer Billy Flynn (Richard Gere). Billy is more a showbiz public relations agent than a legal lawyer, and minipulates the tabloids into thinking Roxie is no more than an innocent "good time girl" who took the wrong path, than a scheming murderess. The tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block, and Roxie finally becomes a star. However, due to Roxie's new found fame, Velma is forgotten about. She is forced to approach Roxie with an offer of a part in her Vaudville act (filling the gap left by her murdered sister), but Roxie turns down her offer flat, thinking she needs no support in topping the bill. However, just as Velma's star fell, so does Roxie's, when Go-to-hell Kitty Baxter (Lucy Liu) arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge, the press forget Roxie and now she and Velma are in the same boat. With one more trick up her sleave, Roxie manages to bring the media attention back onto her, and her day in court arrives. Billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman. Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) is the sexy vaudeville star who murders her husband and sister after finding them in bed together. Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) is the wannabe vaudeville star who kills her lover after finding out he was never going to make her famous. Enter Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), the greasy lawyer whose goal is not only to have his clients acquitted, but to make them legal legends. Billy, who apparently likes Roxie's angle (he tried to kill me) better than Velma's (I blacked out and can't remember a thing). With help from Matron Mama Morton (Queen Latifah), both women vie for the spot as Illinois' most famed murderess, but there's only room for one legend. "That's Chicago". tigerchick5655 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1924, Roxie Hart watches lead role Velma Kelly perform ("Overture/All That Jazz") at a Chicago theater. Wanting stardom for herself, she begins an affair with Fred Casely, who claims to know the manager. After the show, Velma is arrested for killing her husband Charlie and sister Veronica, after finding them in bed together. A month later, Casely admits to Roxie that he has no showbiz connections and just wanted to sleep with her. Enraged, she shoots him dead. She convinces her husband, Amos, to take the blame, telling him she killed a burglar in self-defense. As Amos confesses to the detective, Roxie fantasizes that she is singing a song devoted to her husband ("Funny Honey"). However, when the detective brings up evidence that Roxie and Casely were having an affair, Amos recants; Roxie furiously admits what really happened and is arrested. Ambitious District Attorney Harrison announces he will seek the death penalty. At Cook County Jail, Roxie is sent to Murderess' Row, under the care of the corrupt Matron "Mama" Morton ("When You're Good to Mama"). Roxie meets her idol Velma, but her friendship is rudely rebuffed. She learns the backstories of the other women there, including Velma ("Cell Block Tango"). On Morton's advice, Roxie engages Velma's lawyer, the brilliant Billy Flynn ("All I Care About"). Flynn and Roxie manipulate the press, reinventing Roxie's identity as an originally virtuous woman turned bad by the fast life of the city; she claims she had the affair with Casely because Amos was always working, but repented and dumped him for Amos, and Casely jealously attacked her ("We Both Reached for the Gun"). The press believe the story; praised by the public as a tragic heroine, Roxie becomes an overnight sensation ("Roxie"). Velma, unhappy at losing the public's attention, tries to convince Roxie to join her act, replacing the sister that she murdered ("I Can't Do It Alone"), but Roxie, now the more popular of the two rivals, snubs her just as Velma originally snubbed Roxie. Meanwhile, Kitty "Go-To-Hell Kitty" Baxter,[5] a wealthy heiress, is arrested for murdering her husband and his two lovers, and the press and Flynn pay more attention to her. To Velma's surprise, Roxie quickly steals back the fame by claiming to be pregnant. Amos is ignored by the press ("Mister Cellophane"), and Flynn, to create more sympathy for Roxie, convinces him that the child is Casely's, and that he should divorce Roxie in the middle of her predicament. Roxie over-confidently fires Flynn, believing she can now win on her own. However, when Katalin Helinszki, a Hungarian woman on Murderess' Row (who happens to be the only inmate to protest and insist on her own innocence), becomes the first woman in Cook County history to be executed by hanging, Roxie realizes the gravity of the situation and rehires Flynn. Roxie's trial begins, and Billy turns it into a media spectacle ("Razzle Dazzle") with the help of the sensationalist newspaper reporters and radio personality Mary Sunshine. Billy discredits witnesses, manipulates evidence, and even stages a public reconciliation between Amos and Roxie when she says the child is his. The trial seems to be going Roxie's way until Velma appears with Roxie's diary: she reads incriminating entries in exchange for amnesty in her own case. Billy discredits the diary, implying that Harrison was the one who planted the evidence ("A Tap Dance"). Roxie is acquitted, but her fame is eclipsed moments later when another woman, who had also shot her own husband, shoots her lawyer just outside the courthouse. Flynn tells her to accept it, and admits that he tampered with her diary himself, in order to incriminate the district attorney and also free two clients at once. Amos remains loyal and excited to be a father, but Roxie cruelly rejects him, revealing that she is not pregnant, and he finally leaves her. Roxie does become a vaudeville performer, but is very unsuccessful ("Nowadays"). Velma is just as unsuccessful, and again approaches Roxie to suggest performing together: a double act consisting of two murderers. Roxie initially refuses, but later accepts when Velma points out that they can perform together despite their resentment for each other. The two stage a spectacular performance that earns them the love of the audience and the press ("Nowadays / Hot Honey Rag"). The film concludes with Roxie and Velma receiving a standing ovation from an enthusiastic audience (which includes Flynn, Morton, the jurors and other acquitted murderesses), and proclaiming that, "We couldn't have done it without you". 