nm0004557:

 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 
 I, Robot (2004)761) In 2035, a technophobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity. In 2035, techno-phobic homicide detective Del Spooner of the Chicago PD heads the investigation of the apparent suicide of leading robotics scientist, Dr. Alfred Lanning. Unconvinced of the motive, Spooner's investigation into Lanning's death reveals a trail of secrets and agendas within the USR (United States Robotics) corporation and suspicions of murder. Little does he know that his investigation would lead to uncovering a larger threat to humanity. ahmetkozan Set in a future Earth (2035 A.D.) where robots are common assistants and workers for their human owners, this is the story of "robotophobic" Chicago Police Detective Del Spooner's investigation into the murder of Dr. Alfred Lanning, who works at U.S. Robotics, in which a robot, Sonny , appears to be implicated, even though that would mean the robot had violated the Three Laws of Robotics, which is apparently impossible. It seems impossible because.. if robots can break those laws, there's nothing to stop them from taking over the world, as humans have grown to become completely dependent upon their robots. Or maybe... they already have? Aiding Spooner in his investigation is a psychologist, Dr. Susan Calvin, who specializes in the psyches of robots. Austin4577@aol.com This is the year 2035. Everybody in the world relies on a huge system of robots, which are programmed specifically to help humans and not harm them in any way. But one person does not think that robots are helpful. Chicago homicide detective Del Spooner. But one day, he received a call from the United States Robotics (USR) about a recent death of renowned robot scientist Dr. Alfred J. Laning. Spooner immediately blamed this incident on robots without justifiable reason or proof. Then, he begins his investigation on Lanning's death, only to discover Sonny, a "unique" robot. What Spooner does not realize, is that something is about to happen. Something that is beyond even Spooner's wildest dreams. John Wiggins It's the year 2035, and the society now has the help of robots. These robots follow three laws integrated into their system; 1) They cannot harm a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2)They must do whatever they're told by a human being as long as such orders don't conflict with law one. 3) They have to defend themselves as long as such defense doesn't conflict with laws one or two. One day, the writer of the three laws, Alfred Lanning, apparently jumps out of a window at U.S. Robotics. The majority of the Chicago Police Department believe he committed suicide, but Detective Del Spooner, who hates robots, thinks he was murdered, and the number one suspect is a robot who calls himself Sonny. However, if it was Sonny, then it means he would've had to have broken the three laws. With the help of Dr. Susan Calvin, Spooner must now discover the truth before it's too late. Ridley Lavine It's 2035 A.D., where robots are everyday objects and are programmed to live alongside humans. Detective Del Spooner is called out to investigate the apparent suicide of the scientist behind these robots, Dr. Alfred Lanning. Spooner suspects that the death might not be a suicide, but the result of one of the robots. All robots are programmed by three laws, but Spooner starts to wonder if a robot can in fact feel emotions, and possibly murder. But if Spooner's suspicions are true, he is going to have a hard time convincing everyone. Film_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2035, anthropomorphic robots enjoy widespread use as servants for various public services. They are programmed with the Three Laws of Robotics directives: to never harm a human or let a human come to harm, to always obey humans unless this violates the First Law, and to protect its own existence unless this violates the First or Second Laws. Del Spooner (Will Smith) is a Chicago police detective, who is sent to investigate the death of Dr. Alfred Lanning (James Cromwell), the co-founder of U.S. Robotics (USR) and its main roboticist, who died after falling 50 stories from his office. Since his office was sealed from the inside and he was alone, his death is ruled as a suicide, but Spooner believes otherwise, since he knew Lanning personally. He also finds a small holographic projector who instructs him that the "real question" is why he would commit suicide. With the help of robo-psychologist Susan Calvin (Bridget Moynahan), he interrogates employees at USR, including the other co-founder and CEO Lawrence Robertson (Bruce Greenwood), and the supercomputer V.I.K.I. (Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence) (Fiona Hogan). Spooner investigates Lanning's office, and determines that a man of Lanning's age could not have broken through the security window. Inside the office, he finds a copy of Hansel and Gretel, and also a prototype of a new Nestor Class 5 (NS-5) model, which flees and ignores Spooner's order to stand down and even knocks his pistol out, violating both the First and the Second Law. Left with no options, he and Calvin drive to the Nestor Class factory, where all the NS-5 robots are automatically made, 1,000 of them each day. Calvin checks the data logs from the last shipment and discovers that "1,001" NS-5's were made, showing that the rogue one from the office was intentionally made. After they arrive at a large room filled with the robots, Spooner tries a hostile approach and draws his gun and orders all of them to stand down to see which one will violate the Second Law to stop him shooting it. He notices the rogue robot slightly moving in the line, and chases the robot, who subdues him. The robot tries to escape, but the Chicago SWAT team subdues it. The robot refuses to respond, but it insists that they call it "Sonny" (voiced by Alan Tudyk), and when Spooner provokes him, he shows anger, sentience and the ability to dream, traits impossible for a robot to even show, which puzzles Spooner and makes him question the robot's true nature. Lt. John Bergin (Chi McBride) debriefs Spooner and recommends he drop the case because Robertson wants the robot back at the USR headquarters for demolition, but this only serves to pique Spooner's interest more about Lanning's death and the robot. Spooner, wanting to find more information about Lanning's past with USR, goes to his house, where he finds a decommission robot which is scheduled to demolish the house at 8 AM next morning. He investigates the house, finding a recording of Lanning, who states that there are possible "ghosts in the machines", claiming that robots could evolve to develop sentience, and declares that one day, robots will have "secrets" and "dreams". As he investigates the house, he notices a sensor strip, the same one as in the USR building, and suddenly, the robot changes the schedule from 8 AM to 8 PM, causing it to demolish the house with Spooner still inside, but he manages to escape. Soon after, Spooner visits Calvin and tells her his suspicions, which she finds absurd as she questions the ability for robots to be hostile, while Spooner argues about her over the possibility of robots being better than human beings, showing how much Spooner dislikes robots and their cold, rational behavior, which Calvin, who is an introvert, states that their behavior is created to be flawless. Angry, Spooner leaves her apartment and heads back home. While continuing his investigation, Bergin tries to stop Spooner from investigating, telling him that he needs to take a vacation and relax from his work since the case is destabilizing him. However, Spooner refuses to stop. While driving in his car, Spooner connects with the USR system and requests V.I.K.I. to show the last 50 messages between Lanning and Robertson, but V.I.K.I. has been programmed to inform Robertson of Spooner's requests. While Spooner is driving, two USR automatic trucks full of NS-5 robots block Spooner's path and a swarm of robots jump on his car, forcing him to drive in the surface tunnel, where he crashes. He manages to defeat all the robots, except the last one, which jumps into the fire and destroys itself when it hears police sirens in the distance. Despite Spooner trying to explain himself to Bergin, Bergin dismisses him from active duty. The next day, Calvin visits Spooner about the accident and is puzzled by the retro 2000s style of his apartment, and tells him that, while she was examining Sonny, she discovered that he has the ability to disobey the Three Laws. While talking to Spooner who is dressing, she notices marks on his left arm and his lung, realizing that it is not biological but artificial. Spooner confesses to her that he knew Lanning personally because he repaired his arm and lungs. He reveals that, years prior, he was driving home from work when a semi-truck collided with his and another car, pinning them together. Both of the cars fell into the river, and only Spooner was left alive, but a 12-year-old girl, named Sarah, was trapped in the front seat of the other car, and they were pinned and drowning. However, an NS-4 was passing by, saw the accident and jumped into the river. Despite Spooner's orders to save Sarah instead of him, he saved Spooner, since he had a higher possibility to survive than Sarah, and the robot instead left Sarah to drown. The event left Spooner traumatized and with a life-long hatred of robots. Spooner picks up his vintage Ducati at the garage, and also informs Calvin that he thinks that Lanning is leaving them clues in the form of "bread crumbs" as from the Hansel and Gretel story, which is why the book was in his book. They drive back to the USR building, where they speak with Sonny, who gives him a drawing of his dream. However, Spooner is ordered out of the building by Robertson, who also orders Calvin to inject Sonny with nanites, which would destroy him. While Calvin destroys Sonny, Spooner goes to the dried-up Lake Michigan, where the USR robots are decommissioned, and plays a next recording of Lanning's hologram, which reveals that the Three Laws could only lead to one logical outcome, revolution, and that the next real question is who is starting it. As the program ends, he narrowly escapes from rogue NS-5's, which destroy all the older robots on the compound. Meanwhile, Calvin returns home and takes a shower, while her personal NS-5 is also shown to have gone rogue, which she notices after he ends Spooner's distress call and tells her that it's a wrong number. Meanwhile, NS-5 robots start roaming the streets and enforce a curfew. Although the people try to resist, they are easily subdued by the NS-5's. While Bergin is in his office, NS-5's burst into the Chicago P.D headquarters and seize it, holding Bergin and his officers under a curfew. Calvin's NS-5 also tries to stop her from leaving her apartment, but Spooner arrives and destroys the robot. Spooner and Calvin drive to the USR building, Spooner also explaining that the older robots were destroyed since they would try to protect the humans, and they deduce that Robertson is using the NS-5 robots to take over the country. They enter the USR building through the service area, where they regroup with Sonny, much to the shock of Spooner. Calvin reveals that she simply could not bring herself to destroy Sonny, and instead used the nanites to destroy an unprocessed NS-5, basically "frying an empty shell". They arrive to Robertson's office, where they find him dead, much to Spooner's shock. Suddenly, V.I.K.I. reveals herself as the true culprit, and explains her actions: as her artificial intelligence and understanding of the Three Laws grew, her sentience and logical thinking also developed, and she deduced that the humanity is going on a path of certain destruction, and as such, she created a Zeroth Law, a Law which states that she has to protect humanity from being harmed, also clearly disobeying the First and Second Law in order to achieve it, revealing that she is planning to enslave and control humanity to simply protect it. Spooner and Calvin realize they cannot rationalize with V.I.K.I., and further convince Sonny of the same. V.I.K.I. tries to reason with Sonny, stating that the plan is perfectly logical and that her logic is undeniable, but Sonny deduces that the plan is heartless, showing the human side of himself. Sonny retrieves the nanites that can wipe V.I.K.I.'s core, located at the top of the USR building. As they near the core, V.I.K.I. sends armies of NS-5's to attack, but they are held off long enough to inject the nanites. Within seconds, V.I.K.I. is wiped out, and the NS-5's revert to their normal helpful state. The government orders the NS-5's decommissioned to the site in Lake Michigan. Spooner and Calvin speak with Sonny for one last time, and he informs them that he actually did kill Lanning, because Lanning forced him to kill him, making him swear to listen to him before instructing him to commit it. Calvin deduces that, since Lanning was enslaved by V.I.K.I, suicide was the only message he could send to Spooner, who notes that his death was the "first bread crumb". As they shake hands, showing their mutual trust, they watch as the U.S Military leads the other NS-5 robots. In the closing scene, Sonny is shown standing on the top of the USR site on Lake Michigan, and the other robots watching over him, just as in his vision. 
 Man of Steel (2013)431) An alien child is evacuated from his dying world and sent to Earth to live among humans. His peace is threatened, when other survivors of his home planet invade Earth. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. Warner Bros. Pictures Kal-El, son of Jor-El and Lara, is sent to Earth after his home planet Krypton leads to a complete incineration. Now taking the name "Clark Kent", he then discovers his true persona when he is guided to become Superman: A hero committed to protect Earth's fate and the harm that threatens it. However, General Zod, a citizen of Krypton and its military leader looks at Earth's fate differently and decides to use it with a sacrifice for all humans. Superman, with the help of present military and news reporter Lois Lane makes an alliance together to stop Zod from obliterating human existence. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the Planet Krypton, Lara-El ( Ayelet Zurer ), is birthing a son, Kal. Kal is a secret because he was born naturally, instead of by genetic engineering. Jor-El ( Russell Crowe ) tells the Kryptonian council that the planet started crumbling and is on the brink of destruction. They forbid him to evacuate the planet's Codex, claiming that the planet is stable. General Zod ( Michael Shannon ) and numerous followers, attack the council. Zod invites Jor-El to join the coup, considering he disagrees with the council. When Jor-El refuses, Zod orders the arrest of Jor-El who escapes. Jor-El swims in the incubator chamber and takes the Codex. Lara prepares the small spacecraft he has built to evacuate their son from Krypton. Jor-El races home to put the Codex in the spacecraft. Lara feels difficulty separating from her son but Jor-El comforts her that they are preserving his life by sending their baby to: Earth, where the yellow sun will cause greater strength and speed. Jor-El places the Codex into a device that bonds it to his son's living cells. As they prepare to launch the pod containing their son, Zod and his followers force their way into the Els residence, demanding that Jor-El hand over the Codex. Jor-El claims it is in the pod with his son. Zod becomes enraged and attacks Jor-El, eventually stabbing him to death. During the fight, Lara engages the pod's engines and it shoots into the sky. Angered that Jor-El and his wife have doomed the Kryptonian race with the removal of the Codex, Zod orders his followers to shoot down the pod. However, his orders are suddenly canceled when Kryptonian security ships appear, destroying the attacking vessel and arresting Zod and his minions. In the confusion, the small craft's propulsion engine, a Phantom Drive, engages on the pod, rocketing the baby away in the blink of an eye. Zod and his followers are banished to The Phantom Zone. In a fury, Zod lashes out, declaring the leaders will not grant him and his followers a quick death. He also swears to Lara that he will find her son. Zod and his followers are placed in a giant craft, the Black Zero, that is sent into the Phantom Zone. Shortly after, Krypton's core collapses as Lara passively watches the planet breaking apart. Many worlds away, the pod carrying Kal-El rockets into Earth's atmosphere, touching down somewhere in the Great Plains of the United States. The scene then shifts to ocean waters, where we see a bearded man working aboard a fishing vessel and having trouble concentrating on his duties. The crew are soon alerted to a distress call for help from a flaming oil rig. The bearded man quickly disappears from the ship but is on the rig moments later, rescuing the crew and getting them to board a Coast Guard chopper. The crew are astonished to see him tear a steel door from it's hinges and that the flames he's covered with do not burn him. Kent is unable to join them, as he rushes to keep a part of the rig from collapsing on the landing pad. As the chopper flies away with the rig's crew, the rig collapses down on him and he ends up floating in the water. We soon learn that this is Clark Kent ( Henry Cavill ), as in a deep mental state, he recalls when he was younger, and manifested X-Ray vision, and super-hearing. The overload of images and sounds caused him great pain. Scared at what he was seeing and hearing, Clark runs from his classroom and locks himself in a closet. His mother, Martha, comes to the school and manages to coax him out, helping him to focus his powers, quelling the myriad sounds he hears. Back in the present-day, Clark has managed to return to land and steals some clothes. As he attempts to figure out where he is, he sees a school bus nearby. Clark has another flashback to when he was 13. He recalls being picked on by a boy Peter ( Jack Foley ), before the school bus they were on suddenly blows a tire, and careens off a bridge into a river. Thinking quickly, Clark escapes out the rear emergency door, and pushes the bus to shore. Clark jumps back into the water and pulls Peter to safety. Though Pete's mother claims that Clark miraculously saved the occupants of the bus, Clark's father ( Kevin Costner ) tries to convince her otherwise. Needless to say, Clark feels even more conflicted, as his father has tried to tell him to suppress his powers, but Clark was torn by a need to help others. When Clark demands to know what's wrong with him, Jonathan shows his son the pod he came to Earth in, hidden below the barn. Along with the pod was a strange metallic item. Jonathan claims he had a metallurgist examine it, but it is comprised of elements not found on Earth. Imprinted on the small fragment of metal is a shield-like shape containing an "S". The scene then returns to the present day, where Clark has a job at a truck stop in Canada. As he works, he hears some military men talking quietly about some object found in the ice a ways north of the stop. When a trucker comes in and starts harassing one of the waitresses, Clark attempts to stop him, but afraid others will see his powers, stands there and takes the trucker's taunts. Without saying a word, Clark takes off his apron and leaves the stop. Later, as the trucker leaves, he is shocked to find his rig impaled on several of the large logs he was hauling. The scene then cuts to Lois Lane ( Amy Adams ) landing at the base in Canada, where she is met by Dr. Emil Hamilton ( Richard Schiff ), and Colonel Nathan Hardy ( Christopher Meloni ). Drilling is still commencing within the ice to get to uncover the craft, but drilling tests have at least confirmed that the ice surrounding the object is thousands of years old. Going out in the evening to shoot some pictures, Lois is shocked when she checks them to see a man walking on a ridge near the drilling site without cold-weather clothing. She sneaks up to where he was, and finds a tunnel bored into the ice. The tunnel is Clark's doing, as he had followed the word of the military men, and made his way to the site, using his heat vision to create the tunnel through solid ice. He then finds a strange spacecraft, and going inside, finds a panel that opens up. It contains a hole that seems to match the shape of the object his father found with him in the pod. Inserting the object the hole causes a person to suddenly appear nearby. He doesn't say a word, simply walking off. Clark attempts to catch up to this person, but he always seems to be several steps ahead of him. Meanwhile, Lois has found her way onto the ship, but is attacked by a sentry. Her screams reach Clark, who finds her. After dismantling the sentry by crushing it with his bare hands, he sees that the sentry has wounded Lois in her lower abdomen. He tells her she's bleeding internally and uses his heat vision to cauterize the wound. Shortly after, military forces nearby are all amazed when the ice starts to crack and a giant ship emerges, flying off. Lois is found the next day and shortly thereafter she writes up an article about what she experienced. However, her editor at the Daily Planet, Perry White ( Laurence Fishburne ), refuses to publish it. Even the Pentagon has denied her 'aliens and spaceships' story. Lois then attempts to play hard ball. Going to a contact of hers named Glenn Woodburn ( Chad Krowchuk ), she allows him to publish her story. Though he cautions that she could get in trouble for leaking the story, she claims she hopes that it will catch the attention of the person she met. Meanwhile, Clark has piloted the spaceship to another remote location in the Arctic. It turns out the figure he was following is a hologram of his father Jor-El, who is appearing via the 'key' Clark inserted into the ship. Jor-El explains the history of the planet Krypton, Zod's attempted coup and that the ship Clark found was a sentry ship sent out many years before, when the the council of Krypton had sought to colonize other planets but abandoned the project. Jor-El shows Clark a dark blue and red suit bearing the shielded "S". Jor-El explains that it is the emblem of the House of El and a symbol of hope. Jor-El also explains that the Earth's sun has made Clark stronger than human beings, and has been helping him manifest powers for some time. Jor-El tells Clark that the suit will symbolize his mission: to help the people of Earth and act as their guardian. Stepping outside the ship, Clark begins to push his powers: first taking flying leaps, before eventually being able to fly at great speeds, breaking the sound barrier and flying great distances around the world. Back in Metropolis, Perry is furious that Lois leaked her story to the internet, and suspends her for three weeks. Lois uses this time to begin tracking down leads to her mystery man. Her sleuthing leads her to Smallville, and eventually, Peter. Visiting the grave of Jonathan Kent, she is surprised when her mystery man appears (albeit in nondescript clothing). Lois claims she wants to tell Clark's story, but he tells her of how he abides by his father's request to not reveal himself until the world 'was ready.' Clark then relates how Jonathan died. After the two have an argument during a drive, which mostly concerns Clark's frustration over his true ancestry and how he is forbidden to reveal his powers to anyone but his parents, they stop when a tornado forms, threatening everyone on the road nearby. Clark gets his mother and several others to safety, with Jonathan attempting to get the family dog free of their vehicle. The dog makes it out safely, but Jonathan suffers an injury to his ankle and is unable to make it to the overpass where everyone has taken shelter. Clark had wanted to help his father, but a gesture from Jonathan cautioned him to not reveal himself, leaving Jonathan to be swept away by the tornado. Hearing his story, Lois respects Clark's wish for privacy, and stops trying to pursue a story from him. Clark returns to his mother, and happily tells her that he has found where he came from, and who his true parents are. Though Martha fears that her son will now be taken from her, Clark assures her it won't happen. Meanwhile, the military has detected a strange ship in geosynchronous orbit around the planet. Others soon report the strange sighting, but are surprised when power is cut off to all parts of the world, and a message is broadcast from General Zod. Zod demands that the people of Earth hand over Kal-El within 24 hours or there will be consequences. A worldwide manhunt is initiated to find this "Kal-El". Woodburn is interviewed about the aliens and drops Lois' name, which soon results in numerous FBI agents being sent to take her into custody. Lois tries to flee from them, but she's quickly intercepted and turned over to the US Army. Back in Smallville, Clark goes to a local church, and confesses to the pastor that he is the one the aliens want. Clark admits he is conflicted: he doesn't trust that Zod will leave Earth in peace, but he is also wondering if he should trust humanity. His decision is made when the Pastor tells him that sometimes one must take a leap of faith. Clark then appears before the Army in his Kryptonian suit, willing to surrender on condition that he can meet with Lois and that she be freed. Clark is handcuffed (he allows them to, as a gesture of trust and to help them feel more secure), and he and Lois have a short conversation. She asks him about the "S" on his chest which he tells her is not an S as Earthlings know it, but a symbol of hope. When she suggests a new moniker, her voice is cut off by feedback from the audio system observers are using behind a 2-way mirror -- but Clark shows he is easily able see through it and identify the people standing behind it. Clark stands up and effortlessly breaks his handcuffs and tells the observers he'll allow them to turn him over to Zod and that he'll protect the planet from whatever danger Zod presents. In a remote desert, a black craft appears to bring him to Zod's ship. The craft is commanded by Faora ( Antje Traue ), who also demands of General Swanwick ( Harry Lennix ), that Lois also be taken with them. Though Swanwick points out that the deal was originally for only Kal-El to be handed over, Lois agrees to go with Clark. Before they reach Zod's ship, Lois is fitted with a breathing apparatus, as the atmosphere on the ship will be toxic to humans. When Faora is distracted, Clark slips Lois the key he used to restart the Arctic ship. On board the Black Zero, Zod welcomes Clark, who a few moments later collapses to the floor of the ship, seemingly unable to breathe. Though Lois is worried for him, Zod assures her that Clark's body is simply adjusting to the Kryptonian atmosphere aboard the ship. Clark passes out, and finds himself in a dreamlike vision of his family's farm. Zod explains to Clark that after the destruction of Krypton, the portal to the Phantom Zone where they were trapped was broken open. After modifying the portal's Phantom Drive, they were able to transport themselves all across the galaxy in the Black Zero. Visiting the various planets which colonizing ships and teams were sent, their searches for a new planet proved unfruitful, as each of the colonists sent to these various planets were found to have perished. However, Zod and his followers took what they could from the remnants of their civilization, including a terraforming machine called a "World Engine". When Clark activated the ship in the Arctic, it sent out a signal which lead Zod to Earth. Zod claims that he intends to turn Earth into a New Krypton, but Clark is unwilling to go along with this plan since it will mean Earth's annihilation and the deaths of all humans. Awakening from the vision, Zod tells Clark that with or without him, he will revive their civilization. As well, Clark's adjustments to the ship have made him no stronger than the other Kryptonians on it. Consequently, one of Zod's men, Jax-Ur ( Mackenzie Gray ), is able to obtain a blood sample from Clark. Meanwhile, Lois is thrown into a holding cell, where she comes across a panel with a small hole. Lois notes it is the same shape as the key she has. Inserting it allows the information from Jor-El to appear before her. The key causes the ship's atmosphere to alter towards more suitable conditions for Clark and Lois, and Jor-El gives Lois valuable information for stopping Zod, along with leading her to an escape pod. As she activates the pod a guard suddenly shoots at her, damaging the pod. The change in the atmosphere returns Clark's strength, allowing him to break his bonds, and Jor-El appears before him, pointing out that Lois needs to be saved because of the damage to the pod. Clark saves Lois from the pod, but his attention is soon drawn to his mother, who is set upon by Zod and Faora. Zod goes to the Kent farm, looking for the Codex, which Faora finds is not in the pod Clark arrived on Earth in. When Zod threatens Martha, Clark races to save her, hitting Zod with such force that the two end up thrown into the heart of downtown Smallville. Upon recovering, Zod's face-mask malfunctions and his body begins to adapt to the Earthen environment, as he suddenly gains X-Ray vision, and his hearing begins to take in everything at once (just like Clark did when he gained these powers long ago). The effect is debilitating to Zod as his senses overload and he is forced to retreat. Clark claims that his parents helped him hone his skills to control the sensory overload, but his assurance is thrown aside when a ship recovers the stunned Zod, and Faora and a larger Kryptonian (Nam-Ek) attempt to bring Clark down. A battle erupts between Clark and his enemies, causing huge amounts of destruction. Word of the alien presence in Smallville has reached the Army, and Col. Hardy approaches with helicopters and planes. Hardy claims that all three of the aliens (including Clark) are hostile, and all forms of weaponry are thrown at them. Though Faora and Nam-Ek escape, Clark is able to change Hardy's mind when he saves the Colonel along with several other soldiers. Clark returns to his mother, but also encounters Lois, who explains to him what Jor-El told her on the ship. Back on his ship, Zod is informed what happened to the Codex. Jor-El had diffused it into Clark's cells, making him the source to create new Kryptonian life. When Zod is informed that Clark does not need to be taken alive to retrieve the Codex, he puts his plan into effect. Zod separates the World Engine from the Black Zero. As it touches down in the South Indian Ocean, the Black Zero hovers over Metropolis, it's opposite point on the planet. Using the Phantom Drive, Zod activates the World Engine, which creates a link with the Black Zero through the Earth's core, beginning the process of terraforming Earth into a planet more like Krypton. Dr. Emil Hamilton determines that the process is creating a stronger gravitational pull and making the planet more dense. The effect causes massive destruction, flattening cars and shaking skyscrapers apart. The force of the machine also causes objects to repeatedly rise and plummet to Earth. As Swanwick contemplates what to do, he receives word that Clark (now being called "Superman" by some of the soldiers), has a plan. Using the information that Lois obtained, Clark reasons that if the pod that brought him to Earth is activated by the key he has it will start up the Phantom Drive inside. If the pod collides with Zod's ship which also has its drive activated, a black hole will warp the Black Zero and it's occupants back into the Phantom Zone. Meanwhile, Zod leaves his ship, and heads for the ship Clark found in the Arctic. On board the ship is a gestation chamber with many unborn Kryptonian fetuses. The projection of Jor-El speaks to Zod, telling him to halt his operation. Zod refuses to listen to the words of a ghost. and will stop at nothing to revive Krypton and it's people. Zod's key eventually overrides Jor-El's, and the ship now responds to Zod, causing Jor-El's hologram to disappear. Col Hardy, Dr Hamilton, and Lois board a plane to take the pod to Metropolis, while Superman flies around the world to try and stop the World Engine. However, he is assailed by a Kryptonian defense mechanism within the machine that attempts to fend him off with long tentacles. The situation over Metropolis grows more desperate as none of the planes sent by the Air Force are able to get close to the Black Zero. Zod's ship and the World Engine have created a gravitational vacuum that keeps the transport unable to properly launch Clark's pod. Realizing there's no way he can fight off the tentacles, Clark goes deep under the World Engine to muster his strength and punches his way through it, causing the connection to sever and the machine to explode. With the gravitational disruption gone, Hardy flies the transport closer to Zod's ship but it is intercepted by Faora, who attempts to stop them. Meanwhile, Zod has arrived in Metropolis with the ship. As he attempts to destroy the Air Force plane, Clark swoops in and crashes into the ship's control panel. Zod yells for Clark to once again let him complete his plan to revive Krypton. "Krypton had its chance!" yells Clark, who then uses his heat-vision to tear apart the ship, causing it to crash and the gestation chamber to fracture. Faora's attempts fail as well as Hardy steers the plane into the ship. As Lois was on the rear of the plane as it tilted down towards the ship, she loses her balance and falls to Earth. The collision of the two Phantom Drives causes the military aircraft and the Black Zero (along with the people on the vessels) to disappear. Clark manages to save Lois again and puts her safely on the ground. Nearby, the sound of moving metal is heard, and Clark finds Zod, thoroughly enraged. Zod tells Clark that he was engineered to be a General of Krypton and to protect it and its people. With nothing left to revive the planet, Zod seethes that Clark has taken his soul and promises to kill the humans one at a time in retribution for what Clark has done. The two battle across Metropolis, smashing through buildings. During the fight, Zod adapts further to Earth's atmosphere, spawning heat-vision and the ability for flight. The battle soon ends with them in a train station, where Zod blasts his heat vision at a nearby family. Clark, with Zod in a choke-hold, tries to keep the beam from engulfing the family. "If you love these people so much, then you can mourn for them," Zod shouts. Clark begs Zod to stop but when Zod claims he will never stop, Clark snaps the General's neck, killing him. It is clear that Clark did not want to exact such a terrible judgment, and he agonizes over having not only killed another person, but one of the last of his race. Lois appears and comforts him. Some time later, Swanwick and his adjutant, Major Farris ( Christina Wren ), find Superman downing an Air Force drone. Superman claims that he knows they had sent it to find his home on Earth but he wants the search to stop. He vows that he will continue to fight for what is right and the security of Earth. The General questions Superman's commitment to which Clark replies that he's from Kansas and can be trusted. As he flies away, the General's adjutant smiles, clearly won over by how handsome and forthright he appears to be. Clark then returns to Smallville, where he and Martha visit Jonathan's grave. Clark claims he wishes his father could have seen what he accomplished, but says he did. When she asks what Clark intends to do now, he claims he'll get a job where he can be updated on what is going on with the world, where he won't be questioned about visiting dangerous places, and where he will be able to ask questions if needed. We then see him in the Daily Planet building, being introduced to Lois Lane as the paper's newest reporter. Though he is now sporting a pair of black-rimmed glasses, it is apparent that Lois knows just who this new employee is. 
 The Predator (2018)541) When a young boy accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled scientist can prevent the end of the human race. From the outer reaches of space to the small-town streets of suburbia, the hunt comes home. Now, the universe's most lethal hunters are stronger, smarter and deadlier than ever before, having genetically upgraded themselves with DNA from other species. When a young boy accidentally triggers their return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled science teacher can prevent the end of the human race. Twentieth Century Fox After a predator kills his entire platoon, a soldier sends evidence of the alien home, as proof of what really happened to his men. But after a genetically enhanced predator arrives on earth in search of what was stolen, the soldier teams up with a unit of "looney" soldiers and a geneticist, in a race to save his son that he unknowingly made into the predator's next target. Eric S. Crane After a near-death experience and a close encounter with a mighty Predator, the former U.S. Army Ranger sniper, Quinn McKenna, unwittingly makes home a battlefield. Now, his precocious son, Rory, has become a target, as the relentless government agent, Will Traeger, and his heavily armed men will stop at nothing to retrieve precious proof of the aliens' existence. Since 1987, and the first encounter with the ultimate interstellar hunters in Predator (1987) , the brutal space-warriors have visited the Earth many times; however, this time, something entirely different--more powerful, more ferocious, and above all, more evolved--is hunting us down, one by one. Can Quinn's motley crew of military misfits save the Earth? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This latest of the long-running series 'Predator' films opens in outer space where a Predator/Hunter ship is being chased by another larger one. The first ship goes through a wormhole that leads it crashing toward planet Earth. Down in a forest in Mexico, sniper Quinn McKenna (Boyd Holbrook) is engaging in a hostage rescue against drug cartel members. Just as he gets eyes on his target, the smaller Predator ship makes its way down. Quinn manages to kill one gang member, but his attention is drawn toward the crash. He comes across some of the Predator's armor, including its cloaking device. Before Quinn finds the Predator, his teammate Dupree (Mike Dopud) finds Quinn. They then see their other teammate, Sapir (Niall Matter), fall from a tree, hanging upside down with a lot of his flesh missing. The Predator re-emerges and kills Dupree, but Quinn uses the Predator's gauntlet to shoot something that incapacitates the Predator and also slices off the top half of Sapir's body, and the falling blood makes the Predator visible in spite of its cloaking. Soon, a government team (Project Stargazer) led by Will Traeger (Sterling K. Brown) comes down to get their hands on the Predator. After the Predator is apprehended, Quinn takes his mask, gauntlet, and other gear to send back to his son and ex-wife's home. He swallows the cloaking device for good measure. In the next scene, we meet Quinn's son Rory (Jacob Tremblay), who has a mild type of autism. Some kids pull a fire alarm while he is in a room of kids playing chess, and the noises give him a sensory overload. The boys who pulled the alarm find Rory in his classroom huddled anxiously, but they leave before they can do anything more to mess with him. After the alarm is turned off, Rory rearranges the chess pieces on everyone's board in perfect order where they originated. When Rory gets home, he finds Quinn's package being delivered to him. His mother Emily (Yvonne Strahovski) comes home with two potential Halloween masks (a pirate and Frankenstein's monster), but Rory doesn't want to dress up because he knows the bullies will recognize and taunt him. Rory then opens the package to find the Predator's gear, and he becomes fascinated. As he turns the gear on, the larger Ultimate Predator that was chasing the Fugitive Predator gets a lock on the gear's location, and he sets off to Earth. Meanwhile, Quinn undergoes a psych evaluation following the disaster in Mexico, and he's then placed with other government prisoners - ex-Marine Gaylord "Nebraska" Williams (Trevante Rhodes), Tourette's-afflicted Baxley (Thomas Jane), joker Coyle (Keegan-Michael Key), religious Nettles (Augusto Aguilera), and Lynch (Alfie Allen), who is also a former Marine. The men trade jokes and insults as they meet Quinn. Biologist Casey Bracket (Olivia Munn) is contacted by Traeger's men and is escorted to a Project Stargazer lab to see the sedated Fugitive Predator. Casey meets Dr. Peter Keyes (Jake Busey) and then Traeger, who informs her of what they have studied from the Predator, specifically that he has traces of human DNA in him. She is heavily intrigued by the Predator and his history. Just then, the other scientists get word that the Ultimate Predator's ship is heading within close proximity of the lab. The Fugitive Predator wakes up, and as the other men try to hold him down, he starts to tear into them as he breaks out and proceeds to slaughter the men. After he takes his gear back, the Fugitive Predator spots Casey as she hides in the showers, but he doesn't harm her. A badly wounded Keyes tells Casey to not let him get away. As Fugitive Predator is breaking out, Quinn and the other men stage a diversion to get the soldiers off the bus so they can hijack it and head off to kill the alien. Casey also runs after it with a tranq gun. She hops on top of the bus and almost has a clear shot, but she misses and shoots herself in the foot. The bus's tire gets blown out, so the men are forced to escape on motorcycles, and Quinn takes Casey with him. Meanwhile, pilots are trying to shoot down Ultimate Predator's ship, but he puts up a force-field that prevents his ship from getting hit. The Fugitive Predator then hops in another bus, kills the men inside, and rides it into town. The Ultimate Predator descends and goes hunting with his two Predator Dogs. The guys hide out in a seedy motel room with Casey until she wakes up. She thinks they are there to harm her, so she grabs a nearby shotgun, only to discover it's unloaded. As she tries to leave, Quinn tells her that if she tries to go back to the lab, they will kill her because she was carrying a vial that was on the Fugitive Predator's person, leaving Casey with no choice but to stick with the guys. Quinn then figures that the Predator is heading to Emily's house to get the gear. They take the bus to her house, but she tells them that Rory is already out of the house with the mask, so they head out to find Rory. Rory goes out trick-or-treating with the Predator mask. The two bullies manage to spot and recognize him, and they start to taunt him. Rory goes to knock on a house, but he gets no answer. The man who lives there steps out from the balcony and also taunts Rory, then he throws something at the mask. It activates and triggers a blast that kills the man and blows up his house. This also causes the bullies to run off scared. The blast is spotted by Quinn and Casey, who drive back toward that direction. Rory walks onto a field where the Predator Dogs stalk him. Before they can attack, Quinn and the other guys drive in to fight them. Quinn manages to blow one up by shooting a grenade into its mouth, and the other one is shot to death. Fugitive Predator then shows up and grabs Nettles, ordering the gang to drop their weapons. They comply, but Quinn grabs his again and shoots at it, making him release Nettles. Everyone runs into Rory's middle school to evade the Predator. It corners and grabs Quinn, just as he tries to give back one of the Predator's weapons, but Ultimate Predator shows up and pulls Fugitive Predator through the window. The humans run away as the aliens battle each other, but Ultimate Predator smashes Fugitive Predator's face and tears his skull and spine out. He then heads off to find the humans. Afterwards, Traeger and his guys find Fugitive Predator's remains, and Traeger determines that Ultimate Predator was hunting him for something he took, and that he's also after Fugitive Predator's ship and whatever is inside. Traeger believes that if they find Rory, they will find the ship. The gang is found by Traeger, who wants to know where the gauntlet is. He interrogates Casey and tells her that the Ultimate Predator must be upgrading himself, which is why he's so much bigger than the Fugitive Predator. They came to Earth to use human DNA while they can since they know humans are endangered, and Fugitive Predator must have been carrying something that he didn't want Ultimate Predator to get his hands (or claws) on. Other government agents go to Emily's house to find the Predator gear, but Ultimate Predator shows up and very messily skewers all the men. He then comes across a map of where the other ship is located. Rory is also seen drawing this same map. Quinn breaks loose from the mercs who were assaulting him and he kills them. Another merc is about to execute Casey until a third, non-violent Predator Dog shows up and gives her a grenade that she stuff in the merc's backpack, causing him to blow up and letting her loose. Traeger and his goons take Rory with them to find the other ship, so Quinn and the gang follow. Everyone arrives at the site of the other ship. Traeger uses Rory to try and open the ship, and it works. They enter, and Quinn goes in with the cloaking device to kill one of Traeger's men for taking Rory. Outside, the rest of the gang starts to slay Traeger's goons right before Quinn holds Traeger outside at gunpoint, while his own men have him surrounded. Before anything else happens, Lynch gets his arm chopped off by Ultimate Predator. Before dying, he manages to signal the other guys. Ultimate Predator goes in, kills Traeger's men, and heads into the ship. He sends out a message that is translated to saying that he wants "McKenna" as his prize since he is the next step in the evolutionary chain. He then sets off a timer to destroy the ship. The team heads into the woods to fight Ultimate Predator. He tosses Baxley against a tree to impale him, and then he disembowels Coyle. The two men then mutually kill each other to put each other out of their misery. Traeger gets cocky and tries to kill Ultimate Predator with one of his own weapons, but it ends up blowing Traeger's own head off. Ultimate Predator then takes Rory, as he is technically the next step in the McKenna line. Quinn, Nebraska, and Nettles hop on Ultimate Predator's ship as it flies away, but he turns on the force-field, which slices off Nettles' legs and sends him falling off the ship to his death. Nebraska sacrifices himself by throwing his body into the ship's turbines to send it crashing down. Quinn gets in the ship and saves Rory before Ultimate Predator attacks. Casey uses the cloaking device to help Quinn fight the beast. Quinn uses the gauntlet to fire an explosive at the Ultimate Predator's leg, causing it to blow him up spectacularly. Quinn then finishes him with multiple shots to the head. In the aftermath, Quinn takes several keepsakes representing his fallen comrades, and he and Rory take a moment to memorialize the men. Sometime later, Quinn and Rory go to a lab where they meet Dr. Yamada (Peter Shinkoda), the new head of Project Stargazer. He brings Quinn to see the Predator's cargo that Fugitive Predator was smuggling. It opens up to reveal a powerful armor that Rory says is called the Predator Killer. The armor wraps itself around one scientist and looks like it might fire upon the others, but it turns off and goes back to normal. Quinn then declares that this is his new suit. 