nm0002694:

 Van Wilder: Freshman Year (2009 Video)321) Van Wilder starts his freshman year at Coolidge College and embarks on an adventure to land the campus hottie and liberate his school from sexual oppression and party dysfunction. Just like all the men in his family, high school student, Van Wilder, even before becoming the popular party animal of Coolidge College in National Lampoon's Van Wilder (2002) , was already a sexual champion. As he sets foot in the campus as a cocky freshman, Van is shocked to discover that strict Dean Reardon is ruling the place with an iron fist, restricting alcohol, drugs, and all things sexy. Now, Van must put his charm and wits to good use, and do everything in his power to escape from the dean's ROTC program, and get Kaitlin, the hottest girl in school. But, has Van what it takes to become a hero? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Van Wilder (Jonathan Bennett) has graduated from high school. He is supposed to go on a trip to Amsterdam with his dad (Linden Ashby), but his dad is busy with work, so Van ends up going alone. Van ends up going to Coolidge, following family tradition. His family has their name on a building there, Wilder Hall. However, when he gets there, Coolidge is no longer the fun loving school of his dad's time, but a military-based institution run by Dean Reardon (Kurt Fuller). Reardon, a military man who hates the senior Wilder, wants to make the younger Wilder's life miserable. He can't force him out because his dad is rich and has ties to the school, so he tries to make Van's life a living hell. Van turns a one bedroom dorm into a two bedroom (by breaking down a wall). His roommate is Farley (Nestor Aaron Absera), a pothead from Jamaica. The boys decide to throw a party on campus, which isn't allowed, along with kissing, drugs, booze, sex, or anything else that's 'fun'. The only person to show up to the party is Yu Dum Fok (Jerry Shea). The boys try to find the girls, but they just find some religious, prudish girls led by Eve (Meredith Giangrande). After she throws blood on them, Van pulls a prank on them during church. Reardon knows Van is behind the prank, so he commands his ROTC students, Dirk (Steve Talley) and his closeted sidekick Corporal Benedict (Nic Nac), on Van, trying to make him crack. Van falls for Dirk's girlfriend, Kaitlin (Kristin Cavallari), causing Dirk to get even more upset. Kaitlin thinks, lives, and breathes the military, and believes in chastity before marriage. Of course, Van has to shake things up. After playing a military game with Reardon, which results with Reardon stepping down as dean and tasered, Van and Kaitlin are together, and Van decides to finish up at college, while leaving Dirk and Benedict tied to each other in their underwear. 
 Shaft (2019)321) JJ Shaft, a cyber security expert with a degree from MIT, enlists his family's help to uncover the truth behind his best friend's untimely death. JJ, aka John Shaft Jr. (Usher), may be a cyber security expert with a degree from MIT, but to uncover the truth behind his best friend's untimely death, he needs an education only his dad can provide. Absent throughout JJ's youth, the legendary locked-and-loaded John Shaft (Jackson) agrees to help his progeny navigate Harlem's heroin-infested underbelly. And while JJ's own FBI analyst's badge may clash with his dad's trademark leather coat, there's no denying family. Besides, Shaft's got an agenda of his own, and a score to settle that's professional and personal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harlem, New York City, 1989 Private detective John Shaft (Samuel L. Jackson) is arguing with his girlfriend Maya Babanikos (Regina Hall) in the streets, just before they are approached by some armed criminals. Shaft spots them and protects Maya as the thugs open fire on their car. He exits the car and shoots the thugs dead, before finding that one of them is carrying drugs pushed by the ruthless drug lord Pierro "Gordito" Carrera (Isaach De Bankole). Shaft goes back to Maya, and it is revealed that their baby son, John Jr (or JJ), was sitting in the backseat, but thankfully unharmed. The two agree that the life Shaft lives is too dangerous for them as a family, and they must part ways. Over the next 25 years, Shaft remains invisible from JJ's life, but still tries to acknowledge him by sending him gifts (like a Super Bowl ring and a box of condoms). JJ (now played by Jessie T. Usher) has gotten by with his friends Sasha Arias (Alexandra Shipp) and Karim Hassan (Avan Jogia). He graduates from MIT and becomes a cybersecurity expert for the FBI. Special Agent Vietti (Titus Welliver) briefs the others on the need for extra surveillance on the Rashad Azzam Mosque and its Imam Farik Bahar (Amato D'Apolito) since he is deemed suspicious due to frequent trips to Afghanistan, but they want to keep it from appearing as an Islamophobic investigation. JJ wants in on the case, but Vietti refuses to put him on since he is unqualified. JJ meets with Sasha and Karim in a bar. Karim, now a former marine and recovering addict, tells them about a program called Brothers Watching Brothers that is dedicated to helping vets who have struggled with addiction. Karim then abruptly leaves, and JJ goes after him to make sure he is okay. He assures JJ that he is fine, and he thanks him for always supporting him. In the morning, Maya calls JJ and tells him that Karim has been found dead. Karim's funeral is held, with his friends, family, and fellow marines mourning him. JJ looks into the crime scene report on Karim's death, which states that he was found dead from an apparent overdose outside the building of a known drug dealer named Manny Orozco (Ian Casselberry). He goes around the area and learns from a neighborhood kid of Manny's location. JJ approaches them but is knocked out by one of Manny's goons after asking about Karim. He wakes up in the hospital and is tended by Sasha, who is a nurse. He tells her that Manny is never going to talk to him or a cop about Karim, so he has to find the one guy who will make him talk. JJ goes to his father's office and meets him for the first time. Although their encounter is tense, JJ admits that he needs his father's help in solving the case. Shaft sees that JJ has been hit, and JJ says it was one of Manny's goons. Shaft takes JJ back to the building where he takes down Manny's goons and shoots them in the legs before finding Manny, who already knows Shaft. After learning that he assaulted Shaft's son, Manny runs into the streets, but Shaft causes a truck to stop and make Manny run into it. Shaft breaks Manny's hand as he gets him to give up info on Karim, and he mentions the Brothers Watching Brothers team. On the way to the rehab center where BWB is located, Shaft and JJ clash over the fact that Shaft is so abrasive and violent while JJ is more soft and timid by comparison. They arrive and meet Karim's friends Major Gary Cutworth, or "Cutty" (Matt Lauria), Sgt. Keith Williams (Robbie Jones), and Staff Sgt. Eddie Dominguez (Aaron Dominguez). They mention that Karim became more religious after he started attending the Rashad Mosque, which is where he met his girlfriend Anam (Almeera Jiwa). Dominguez appears uncomfortable with mentioning Karim, so the two leave, but Shaft seems suspicious. Shaft later takes JJ to a nightclub to loosen up. He introduces his son to two party girls Baby (Chivonne Michelle) and Sugar (Tashiana Washington), and he soon gets drunk. Shaft goes to talk to his informant buddy Freddy P (Method Man), but they soon watch JJ getting into a fight with another guy. The very inebriated JJ manages to win the fight due to knowing capoeira, making him look cool in front of everyone...until he completely ruins the moment by barfing on both Baby and Sugar. Shaft brings him home and brings him to bed. In the morning, Shaft and a hungover JJ meet with Sasha to enter the mosque to talk to Anam. They are confronted by Farik, who is Anam's father. After he sees that JJ is FBI, he orders the three of them out of there. Later, JJ investigates the Mosque's funds and sees that half a million dollars was made into an account from a recently opened supermarket. JJ tries to bring this info to Vietti, but he puts JJ on administrative leave for meddling in the investigation. Shaft and JJ go to the market and meet with the manager, Bennie (Luna Lauren Velez). She knocks JJ in the face before Shaft takes his gun out to get info out of Bennie. She tells them that she is just supporting the Mosque. However, after reviewing some surveillance photos, Shaft recognizes Bennie in pictures with Gordito, leading him and JJ to suspect that the supermarket is a front for Gordito's drug operation, along with possible terrorist connections with Farik's Afghanistan trips. JJ also reveals that he planted a micro camera in Bennie's desk to keep an eye on her. Later that night, Shaft goes to a restaurant where Maya is on a date with a dorky man named Ron (Leland L. Jones). She becomes flustered at his presence and thinks he is trying to crash the place to get her back. Sure enough, he is sitting at their table talking to Ron. Moments later, Shaft spots gunmen entering, and they begin to open fire on the place. Shaft protects Maya before shooting at the goons and killing them. At the same time, JJ is out to dinner with Sasha, and they are also targeted by gunmen. Sasha watches as JJ gets her gun and fires at the bad guys, killing them all. Shaft makes Ron give him his car keys as they go with Maya to the restaurant where JJ and Sasha are, and Maya is furious to learn that Shaft has been seeing JJ behind her back. JJ pulls a phone off a dead goon and calls the employer's number. With his camera, he sees that it was Bennie who ordered the hit on the Shafts. The FBI make a raid on the Mosque and arrest Farik, which draws criticism that the FBI launched an Islamophobic attack. Vietti fires JJ after the mess that transpires. He then goes to overhear Shaft talking to Freddy, who gives him information on Dominguez being involved in the operation, but JJ walks in when it sounds like them talking about JJ as a nuisance that he can ditch after the case is done. He angrily walks away from his father. This prompts Shaft to rethink his actions, so he goes to apologize to Maya for his absence and behavior, but he ruins it by asking for sex. JJ and Sasha head over to the BWB center to investigate Dominguez, who is revealed to be Bennie's cousin. JJ enters and sees Cutty, Dominguez, and Williams meeting, and he records it on his phone. Cutty is heard talking about being involved with Gordito, and that Karim attempting to be a whistle blower is what got him killed. Cutty sees that Dominguez is having second thoughts, so he kills him for getting soft. JJ makes noise and is spotted. He and Sasha are caught outside, and Cutty and Williams take her hostage. Shaft later arrives at the crime scene where he and JJ confront one another. Shaft tells him that he never wanted to abandon him, but Gordito's attempt on their lives made it hard for him to keep their family together, and that's why his vendetta against Gordito is so personal. Shaft and JJ visit the home of the only other person who can help them... John Shaft, Sr (Richard Roundtree). He is stunned to meet JJ for the first time, as is JJ. Shaft Sr supplies his son and grandson with guns to go after Gordito and Cutty, but he insists on joining in on the action. The three Shafts arrive at Gordito's building where he is meeting with Cutty and Williams over a new shipment of heroin. JJ attempts to hack the cameras to avoid detection, but the lack of wi-fi leads to a glitch. Thinking quickly, the three get out of the elevator after they are spotted by Gordito's men, and they break in through the window to begin fighting the villains. Gordito's henchmen are killed, as is Williams, before JJ fights Cutty. Before Cutty can shoot JJ, he stabs Cutty in the leg with glass before shooting him dead. Gordito then has the men and Sasha at gunpoint, where he tells Shaft that JJ was always his target in an attempt to spite Shaft for meddling in his operation. Shaft jumps to take the shot meant for JJ, and Shaft Sr throws a knife at Gordito. The drug lord is then shot by Shaft multiple times before being blasted out a window to his demise. Shaft then loses consciousness from blood loss. Shaft wakes up in the hospital with JJ, Shaft Sr, and Maya there by his side. Maya is more forgiving of Shaft due to his protection of JJ. JJ then goes to finally kiss Sasha, making his dad and granddad proud. JJ returns to the FBI with a standing ovation for his work. Vietti is ready to welcome him back and promote him, but JJ tells him he is not returning and is instead going to work full time with his father and grandfather. He joins them as they walk off into the streets in style. 
 The in Crowd (2000)Summaries A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at a posh country club and falls in with a clique of wealthy college kids where she's taken under the wing of the clique's twisted leader, who harbors some dark secrets too terrifying to tell. Adrien Williams enters the "in crowd" when she is hired by a posh East Coast country club and befriended by Brittany Foster, the charismatic leader of a clique of wealthy college students who are home for the summer. Brittany takes Adrien under her wing, attempts to show her the benefits of the good life and introduces her to other members of her inner circle, including the object of Brittany's affection, tennis pro Matt Curtis. When Matt shows an interest in Adrien, Brittany begins to reveal her dark side and Adrien slowly starts to learn that Brittany and her pack of friends will do anything to protect their circle and the dark secrets they harbor. Greg Mielcarz <gmielcarz@morgancreek.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Domestic Disturbance (2001)431) When Danny witnesses his stepfather Rick murder a man, Danny's father Frank has to protect his son from the greatest danger. Susan Morrison is getting married to wealthy industrialist Rick Barnes. Danny, her teenage son with ex-husband Frank, isn't happy about this; he stows away in Rick's car one night, planning to go to Frank's house. But while there, he witnesses Rick murdering mysterious stranger Ray Coleman. Problem is, Rick's managed to dispose of most of the evidence, and he's considered a pillar of the community, while Danny has a history of lying. Frank believes him, though, and does some investigating of his own, as Rick's shady past slowly catches up to him and his new family. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Now that his former wife, Susan, is about to marry the well-off entrepreneur, Rick Barnes, the divorced custom boat builder, Frank Morrison, who tries his best to be a good father, seems unable to cope with the problems of his misbehaving twelve-year-old son, Danny. As the wedding day approaches, Frank keeps encouraging his boy to make it work; however, he, too, senses that there is more to the small community's new model citizen than meets the eye. And then, out of the blue, Danny comes with a startling revelation about his future father, claiming that he is not who he appears to be. But, who believes the boy who cried wolf? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Susan Morrison (Teri Polo), recently divorced from her husband Frank (John Travolta) who is a struggling boat builder, is getting married to an industrialist who is younger and wealthier. His name is Rick Barnes (Vince Vaughn). Danny (Matt O'Leary), Susan and Frank's 12 year old son is clearly unhappy with his mother re-marrying. The revelation that Susan and Rick are expecting a baby, worsens the situation. Susan asks Frank to allow Rick to go sailing with him and Danny, to help Danny bond with and accept Rick as a stepfather. After the marriage and a brief improvement in Danny and Rick's relationship, Danny begins to dislike him once again. During a game of catch between the two, Rick clearly becomes agitated with Danny's ambivalent playing style and starts criticizing him harshly, as well as dealing some hard throws toward Danny. Danny learns about the new baby when he overhears Susan and Rick talking about it. He's very upset and wants to go talk to his father. Susan tells him no, so he sneaks out of his room and stows away in Rick's Chevy Suburban, as Rick announced he needed to go take care of some business downtown, and that was close to where Frank lived. Rick drives to a small motel and picks up a man named Ray Coleman (Steve Buscemi), who'd earlier attended the wedding unannounced, claiming to be an ex-business associate of Rick. Rick and Ray had also met earlier at the motel and had a discussion about their time in prison together and some money that Rick owed Ray. Rick drives Ray to a brickworks warehouse, telling Ray that he had hidden the money there, but once inside the building, Rick stabs Ray to death and he places the body in a kiln and incinerates it. Danny witnesses all this and was nearly discovered, first by Ray and then by Rick, but he manages to escape outside in the rain and runs to Frank's house. Frank hears the story and takes Danny to the police department to report the murder. Rick is widely considered a pillar of the local community, as he has invested plenty of money in the area, whereas Danny has a history of lying and misdemeanors. Plus, there's no evidence that Ray Coleman existed or had been murdered. So, Rick is not arrested. Frank, however, believes his son because Danny has never lied to him. Frank also had initial suspicions about Rick, stemming from Rick's notable unease around Coleman at the wedding ceremony. Because of Danny's continuing fear of Rick, and the lack of serious interest by police Sgt. Edgar Stevens (Ruben Santiago-Hudson) in any further investigating, Frank does some investigating of his own. He tracks down the motel where Ray Coleman had stayed, he learns of Coleman's criminal past which leads him to Rick's real name and criminal past. Frank learns that Rick's real name is Jack Parnell and he's a criminal who was acquitted while his partners, which included Coleman, were convicted. Rick realizes that Frank has been snooping around and is getting too close for comfort, so he sneaks up on Frank at the boat shop and clubs him unconscious, then sets the boat shop on fire. He accidentally sets his shirt on fire too, burning part of his arm. Frank regains consciousness in time to escape the conflagration. Danny and Susan watch a story about the boat house fire on the news, and Susan is surprised to see Rick in the bathroom treating the burn on his arm. She sneaks back to Danny and tells him to get ready to leave. Rick encounters them on the way out and asks where they are going. Susan tells him that they just learned about the boat shop fire and Danny wanted to go check on his father. Rick offers to drive, but Susan says Danny would prefer he not go with them. Just as Danny and Susan are in the car in the garage, the phone in the house rings. It's Frank calling. Rick answers but Frank hangs up the phone. Rick sees who it was on the caller ID. He rushes out to the garage where Susan is taking to Frank on her cell phone. Rick pulls Susan out of the car and gets in the driver's seat. Susan slams the car door on his arm and she and Danny escape into the house. They lock all the doors and try to call the police, but Rick has disconnected the phone line. He then crashes through a window into the house and struggles with Susan, knocking her down and out. Rick is preparing to take Danny hostage and make his escape, but Frank arrives and they engage in a brawl in the garage. Rick seems to have the upper hand until Danny, even though his hands are tied behind his back, is able to catapult his body into the back of Rick's legs, knocking him off balance so that his next swing at Frank with a crow bar instead hits the electrical fuse box and he is electrocuted. Susan experiences a miscarriage during the struggle with Rick, so there will be no daily reminder for her and her family of the bad experience they all had. 