nm0001710:

 Big Nothing (2006)321) A frustrated, unemployed professor joins forces with a scammer and a friend of his in a blackmailing scheme. Charlie is an ex-professor turned reluctant call center employee who gets fired on the first day. Distraught at being unable to provide for his daughter Emily and wife Penelope, he accepts when Gus, an aspiring scam artist who presents Charlie with a seemingly snag-free plan to make some cash. The plan is to blackmail Reverend Smalls, a man of the cloth, who's frequently turned up in the company database of visitors to illegal porn sites. Gus plans to extort Reverend Smalls, with the intention of publicly exposing his secret shame should he refuse, thus potentially destroying the man's career. Normally cautious, Charlie is keen on participating in this scam, confident that the money he'll make from the scam will finally help turn things around for him and his family. Joined by one-time teenage pageant queen Josie McBroom, Gus's ex, the plan goes ahead, but it all goes wrong as Reverend Smalls dies thanks to this trio, with this only being the start of their troubles. ???? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A simple plan, so long as everyone sticks to it! Blackmail the local preacher. Hide the money, get your alibi straight, wait for 24 hours and then run.... Right. So Charlie ( David Schwimmer ), with a family to support goes along with Gus's ( Simon Pegg ) "simple" plan to net them enough cash to vanish on. But then Josie ( Alice Eve ) appears and gets herself in on the deal. They do the deed, and Josie cuts the deal with the local preacher. On schedule, Gus goes to collect the money. So far so good. Gus's alibi, to be set up by Charlie, isn't where he's supposed to be, however, and so Charlie panics, just as Gus is being held at gunpoint by the Reverend. Shots are fired. Charlie races to find Gus, but finds a body in a pool of blood instead. He panics and (weighted with a garden gnome) drops the body in the septic tank. Gus reappears, cleaning the gunshot wound to his leg. Turns out, Charlie just drowned the unconscious Rev! Deputy Garman ( William Rosenfeld a.k.a. Billy Asher) comes knocking on the Reverend's door just as Gus and Charlie discover the snuff movies the Rev has been producing. The deputy informs Charlie, who he assumes lives in the house, that the Reverend's body has just been found in a car down the road. In his surprise at finding out that the person he accidentally killed wasn't the reverend after all, Charlie acts suspiciously enough to invoke the Deputy's detective skills. Desperate to get rid of him, Gus knocks him out with an ornament, and they tie him up. The door opens and the Reverend's wife Mrs. Smalls ( Mimi Rogers ) enters, confessing to having murdered her husband whom she calls a pervert. She's looking for her partner who is due to arrive and run away with her and the $2 million they have in a bag, revealing the identity of the man that just drowned in the septic tank. Just when Mrs. Smalls is about to shoot Deputy Garman, Josie comes to the rescue and plants an axe in Mrs Rev.'s head. Three dead, a police deputy for a hostage and a bag of money, the trio figure that it's time to get away. The deputy, heavily intoxicated thanks to Josie's plan to make him appear guilty, tries escaping through the bathroom window and cracks his skull open on the toilet, raising the death toll to four. So the three fugitives, with two bodies in suitcases in the trunk, drive to get rid of the bodies when they run into another car in town, in the rain, and meet some old little guy. They bribe him to forget about it. They finally arrive at a remote spot to dump the bodies. Ah. make that one body, and a bloody suitcase that's open. Driving back to find the other body - did Josie's axe in the head actually do the deed? - they run straight into (and over) her, and kill her for sure. Just then, they hear police sirens. Charlie's wife, Penny ( Natascha McElhone ), who's the sheriff in town, stops them. One very quick adlibbed excuse later, and they are all down at the police station. Little guy turns out to be the FBI agent Hymes ( Jon Polito ) sent to investigate the case of the local serial killer "the Oregon Undertaker", and he recognizes the gang. They somehow they get away with it all with only one body left to get rid of. They try the local tar pit, but as Charlie points out it'll take about a week for the body to actually sink. Agent Hymes shows up, having acted on his suspicions, and identifies Josie as the "Wyoming Widow" serial poisoner, and a running battle ensues. Hymes, who turns out to be a dirty agent, kills Gus as he's trying to make a run for it with the bag full of money. Josie and Charlie then kill Hymes with his own disease. Turning on Charlie just when he thinks it's all over, Josie kills him, but the joke is on her as she discovers that the bag of money, seen minutes before with $2 million in it, has a load of toys in it now... The camera cuts to Emily ( Olivia Peterson ), Charlie's daughter, having fun with a bag of bank notes. In the final scene, Josie is shown hitching a lift with some guy with an Oregon license plate, who happens to have the body of a young woman in the back of his truck, just like the Oregon Undertaker. 
 Band of Brothers (2001)44) The story of Easy Company of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division and their mission in World War II Europe, from Operation Overlord to V-J Day. This is the story of "E" Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division from their initial training starting in 1942 to the end of World War II. They parachuted behind enemy lines in the early hours of D-Day in support of the landings at Utah beach, participated in the liberation of Carentan and again parachuted into action during Operation Market Garden. They also liberated a concentration camp and were the first to enter Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden. A fascinating tale of comradeship that is, in the end, a tale of ordinary men who did extraordinary things. garykmcd The story of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army. Based on interviews with survivors of Easy Company, as well as soldiers' journals and letters, this 10-part series chronicles the experiences of these young men who knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear. Jwelch5742 The series dramatizes the history of "Easy" Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, of the 101st Airborne Division, from jump training in the United States through its participation in major actions in Europe, up until Japan's capitulation and the end of World War II. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Friends (19942004)761) Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan. Ross Geller, Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Phoebe Buffay are six twenty-somethings living in New York City. Over the course of 10 years and seasons, these friends go through life lessons, family, love, drama, friendship, and comedy. The lives of twenty-something friends in New York City, each with their own dreams and drives: Joey a struggling actor, Monica a chef, Rachel a waitress who hopes to work in fashion, Ross a paleontologist, Chandler who hates his job in data processing, and Phoebe a masseuse/musician. "With a Little Help From My Friends" is a song written by the Beatles (and expertly covered by Joe Cocker) and it could easily be the subtitle for the thirty minute comedy, "Friends". In 1994, the idea was created for "Friends": a show about six friends in New York as they navigate their way through life and learn to grow up as they approach the third decade of their life. All, with the help from each other to get them through the obstacles that life naturally has for us. Monica is the excessively neat and organized "older sister" of the group, who works as a chef while yearning to find her ideal love. Ross, Monica's older brother, is a paleontologist with a lifelong crush on Rachel. He is a laid-back man with low self esteem and a recent divorcee. Rachel is the pretty, bubbly girl who spent most of her life as a spoiled rich princess. Now she must learn to face the real world. Chandler is Ross' college buddy and the guy who will crack jokes at a moment's notice. Phoebe is a lovable eccentric masseuse who easily could have fit in with Haight Ashbury in the 1960s. And Joey, the friend who has an inverse relationship between his good looks and his intelligence. He dreams of becoming an actor. These six individuals make up the cast of Friends. In May 2004, Friends officially ended it's phenomenal 10 year run. The show's time slot was taken over by a spin-off called Joey. ahmetkozan Six young (20-something) people from New York City (Manhattan), on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life. This average group of buddies goes through massive mayhem, family trouble, past and future romances, fights, laughs, tears and surprises as they learn what it really means to be a friend. ahmetkozan A Comedy Series based in Manhatten about 6 young friends, in the struggle to find success and happiness in life, but it is never that straight forward, is it? Rachel Green - A popular schoolgirl of the past, is now a spoiled brat living off her fathers finance. In an attempt to start a new life after running out on her wedding, she shares an apartment with an old best friend Monica Geller, and eventually befriends the other 4 and Monica's older brother, Ross. Monica Geller - A compulsive neat freak, who has trouble with her love life. Monica was teased when she was in high school for being overweight. However, now a head-chef at a top restaurant in Manhatten, she has lost all her excessive weight, and just wants to start a family with 'the right guy' to complete a happy life. Ross Geller - Older Brother of Monica, he has always had strong love feelings for Rachel. A successful professor of science leads him to be often teased by the other 5 friends about his profession. Ross has experienced many misfortunes in life, including 3 divorces and bringing up a child with his lesbian ex-wife. Ross now is devoted to finding a girl to settle down with, without a divorce, and makes it his personal goal to share happiness with Rachel. Phoebe Buffay - Brought up as a fatherless child, Phoebe is a ditzy yet loveable hippy, who has become a personal masseuse. Despite liking her profession, her dream is to become a star in the music industry and bases her songs on her life experiences. The other 5 friends secretly believe that Phoebe will never make it, but still encourage her to write. Phoebe often performs at the 'Central Perk' coffee house, and strongly believes in herself. Chandler Bing - A financially secure data processor, who relies on humor as a defense mechanism. Despite being rich, the other 5 have no idea what his profession is, and Chandler is a wimpy, average looking cigarette addict, who has never had a serious relationship. Will he ever get it, and is she just round the corner from him? Joey Tribiani - Despite being close to all the friends, he is especially open with Chandler, who his also his roommate. Joey is a small time actor, who desperately wants fame and fortune, and Chandler has high hopes of Joey, so helps Joey with money for acting lessons and professional photographs. Despite being a relatively bad actor, Joey is an adorable, sensitive guy, who is very successful with women, but needs to become famous and rich to complete his successful life. Mekaeal Chaudary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comedy series about a tight-knit group of friends living in Manhattan. It also covers their interactions with their families, their lovers, and various colleagues over a period of several years. The series opens with runaway bride Rachel Green, who has just abandoned her fiance Barry Farber at the altar. Having no place to stay in New York City, she manages to locate Monica Geller. Monica used to be Rachel's best friend during their high school year, though they have not seen each other in several years. Rachel convinces Monica to take her in as her new roommate. They rekindle their friendship. Rachel used to be a "daddy's girl" who relied entirely on her wealthy father to cover her expenses. Having lost his favor, she gets her first real job as a waitress at the coffeehouse Central Perk. She has no actual skill at her job, but her manager Gunther has fallen for her and never fires her. In later seasons, Rachel is able to find a more lucrative job in a fashion company. Monica is a hardworking chef, who owns her own apartment. She is good at her job, but has men-related problems in her personal life. She also has her share of psychological problems, including an obsession with cleanliness, unreasonable levels of competitiveness and frequent signs of obsessive-compulsive behavior. Additional issues explored in the series involve her traumatic memories of her childhood obesity, and her poor relationship with her mother, who always criticizes her. The third member of the group is Ross Gellar, Monica's older brother. He is a paleontologist, who is trying to recover from the abrupt end of his first marriage. His wife Carol Willick came out as a lesbian, and moved in with her lover Susan Bunch. Ross and Carol have a son, Ben. Ross tries to be a good parent, but does not have full custody over him. Meanwhile, he pursues relationships with various women, and tries to advance his career. In later seasons, Ross impulsively marries twice, leading to two more divorces. His string of failed marriages somewhat damages his self-esteem. As explored throughout the series, he was always his parents' favorite and he had an inflated ego. The fourth member of the group is Chandler Bing, a lifelong friend of Ross. He works as a statistical analyst at a company. He resents his job, though it pays well and he is typically more affluent than his friends. He has a sarcastic sense of a humor. He is rather effeminate in behavior, though he is upset when people keep assuming that he is homosexual. As explored in the series, Chandler is the son of celebrity parents. His father is drag queen performer Charles Bing, a fixture of Las Vegas show business. His mother is erotic novelist Nora Tyler Bing, highly successful in her field. He grew up exposed to their respective sex lives, and their eccentricities. He has had more than his share of traumatic experiences and personal insecurities, and typically uses humor as a self-defense mechanism. The fifth member of the group is struggling actor Joey Tribbiani. He starts the series as Chandler's roommate and the two have a closer relationship to each other than anyone else. Joey experiences the unsteady nature of his profession, with relatively few high-profile roles and frequent periods of unemployment. Joey is depicted as rather dim-witted, but gregarious and quite charming. He is a ladies' man, and typically picks up dates or has sex more frequently than anyone else in the group. He has relatively few serious relationships. In his relations to others, he demonstrates a protective streak. He can act as a surrogate brother to his friends. The sixth member of the group is Phoebe Buffay, Monica's former roommate. She works as a masseuse and self-taught folk musician. Phoebe's mother committed suicide when Phoebe was 14-years-old. Phoebe has mostly fended for herself ever since, and reportedly committed a few crimes while living as a street kid. Grown-up Phoebe has instead become a pacifist, a vegetarian, and a tree hugger. She has picked up a few New Age ideas and superstitions, such as believing in spirits and reading in tea-leaves. To Ross' annoyance, Phoebe does not believe in the theory of evolution. Despite having little formal education, Phoebe is apparently fluent in French and Italian. Subplots involving Phoebe involve her relations with surviving members of her family, such as the father who abandoned her, and a kid brother who relies on her for help. Phoebe also has an identical twin sister, Ursula, who seemingly hates Phoebe for unknown reasons. 
 Six Days Seven Nights (1998)55) Robin Monroe, a New York magazine editor, and the gruff pilot Quinn Harris must put aside their mutual dislike if they are to survive after crash landing on a deserted South Seas island. Taking a romantic tropical island week off with her boyfriend, an ambitious, decisive New York girl agrees to help her magazine out by covering a story on a neighboring island. The only plane available is piloted by a laid-back heavy drinker with whom she shares a mutual dislike. But she has no choice and he can't refuse the money. When the plane crash-lands on an uninhabited island with little chance of rescue they both wish they had made other arrangements - at least to start with. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} In New York, the assistant magazine editor Robin Monroe has dinner with her boyfriend Frank Martin that invites her to spend six days and seven nights in the paradisiacal island Makatea. When they arrive in Tahiti, they take the charter owned by the rough middle-aged pilot Quinn Harris and assisted by his friend, the hot Angelica. On the arrival in Makatea, Frank proposes Robin and gives a ring to her. However, her editor Marjorie asks Robin to fly to Tahiti to cover a story and she hires Quinn, who has the only available plane, to travel during the night. Out of the blue, the weather changes and they crash on an uninhabited island. Now they have to support each other to survive and wait for the improbable rescue. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Robin Monroe and her fianc Frank Martin are on a South Seas vacation when she's called away on business. She buys a flight from Quinn Harris, a rough-around-the-edges pilot, but they crash on a deserted island. There, they discover danger and romance while they endure the elements and each other's company. Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Big-screen favorite Harrison Ford stars in this adventure about a dream vacation that turns into a tropical nightmare! A gruff, rough-hewn cargo pilot living in the islands, Quinn Harris hates tourists . . . though he's not above making a fast buck from a sharp-tongued New Yorker, Robin Monroe, when she's desperate for a quick flight to Tahiti! But this already uneasy relationship suddenly takes a nosedive when his weather-beaten old plane is forced down in a storm! Now, stranded together on a deserted isle, Quinn and Robin quickly discover all the perils of paradise, as this mismatched pair finds themselves facing danger at every turn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 