nm0008082:

 Comme les cinq doigts de la main (2010)Summaries 5 very different brothers are raised by their early widowed mother. One of them reappears after a long disappearance, trying to hide from a gang of drug dealers and shares a secret with his family. Together, the five brothers are going to find a way to avenge the memory of their assassinated father It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thugocratie (2015)Summaries Sam, a thug, is out of jail. He's having a go at a crime free new life. He attempts to get closer to his estranged kid and tries his faulting best to maintain a glimmer of hope within an inner city existence. Sam, a thug, is out of jail. He's having a go at a crime free new life. He attempts to get closer to his estranged kid and tries his faulting best to maintain a glimmer of hope within an inner city existence. Caught up by his past and wedged between mobsters and corrupt cops, Sam makes a string of difficult decisions, and struggles in his personal pursuit of a better world for himself and his child. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What the Day Owes the Night (2012)Summaries Algeria, the 1930s. Younes is nine years old when he is put in his uncle's care in Oran. Rebaptized Jonas, he grows up among the Rio Salado youths, with whom he becomes friends. Emilie is one of the gang; everyone is in love with her. A great love story develops between Jonas and Emilie, which is soon unsettled by the conflicts troubling the country. lletaif It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 24 Days (2014)Summaries When Ilan Halimi is kidnapped for ransom because he's Jewish and supposedly rich, his family and the police start a race against time to save him from the tortures of the "gang of barbarians". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 