nm0008439:

 Die Liebesvgel - Kss mich da, wo ich es mag... (1979)Summaries Shy Peter Wohlers is granted a week off from his boring job at a bank to discover (the opposite) sex. Young sexually inexperienced man goes to visit his friend and ends up having sex with his girl. This awakens his libido and he ends up bedding nearly every woman he meets, and although these are all mostly one night stands, he always tries to be somewhat gentlemanly about it by leaving them red roses. Due to his frequent visits to the local flower shop, the florist girl, who works there, becomes more than curious about him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kohlpiesel's Daughters (1979)Summaries The farmer Kohlpiesel has four daughters, two of whom still have to be brought under the hood, but have little chance of a man because they are not particularly pretty. The two pretty daughters Petra and Paula never miss an opportunity for erotic adventures, but Fritzi and Franzi have just been neglected by God in terms of beauty and can only watch the wild goings-on of their hot sisters with envy. Then Kohlpiesel decides on an erotic trick. The two pretty daughters are supposed to seduce two men for their sisters - and the highly erotic confusion through all the beds takes its chaotic course. lament It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fick Examen (1982)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Liebesvgel (1979)Summaries Peter, an attractive shy young man, has every intention of knowing full sexual satisfaction when he is granted a week off from his boring job at a bank. Unfortunately, no woman manages to give him an orgasm, until he meets a flower seller. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 