nm0005048:

 Boogie Nights (1997)871) Back when sex was safe, pleasure was a business and business was booming, an idealistic porn producer aspires to elevate his craft to an art when he discovers a hot young talent. Adult film director Jack Horner is always on the lookout for new talent and it's only by chance that he meets Eddie Adams who is working as a busboy in a restaurant. Eddie is young, good looking and plenty of libido to spare. Using the screen name Dirk Diggler, he quickly rises to the top of his industry winning awards year after year. Drugs and ego however come between Dirk and those around him and he soon finds that fame is fleeting. garykmcd San Fernando Valley, 1977. Jack Horner is a renowned director of porn, all his movies financed by "Colonel" James. He has his regular stable of cast and crew, most who have issues in their lives. They include: actress Amber Waves, who acts as the mother figure to the group in the absence of being a real mother to her biological son, about who she has told no one in her porn circle; actor Reed Rothchild, who wants to live up to his on-screen alpha male status; actor Buck Swope, who works as a stereo salesman on the side and whose country & western style seems to be problematic in getting ahead; actress Rollergirl, a high school drop-out who never takes off her skates; and assistant director "Little" Bill, whose marriage is threatened by his wife being both a nymphomaniac and an exhibitionist. Their collective lives are punctuated by excess in everything, whether it be sex, cocaine use, or the need to amass flashy material possessions. Into their lives comes Eddie Adams, a seventeen year old high school dropout from a dysfunctional family in Torrance. Eddie, who renames himself Dirk Diggler, is Jack's latest discovery, and whose success in the industry is largely predicated on being well-endowed. Because of the validation he receives for the first time in his life, Dirk is easy prey to be sucked into the excesses of the group. Although largely an innocent beyond the few dollars previously earned here and there by showing his penis to anyone who would pay, Dirk also changes as a person as he displays more and more bravado in relation to the amount of validation he receives. The next few years lead to changes in the group, not only because of changes in technology, namely the advent of video, but as the excesses in their lives start to take their toll, and as their association with the business may affect what their post-porn life will look like. Huggo From writer/director P.T. Anderson comes the turbulent behind-the-scenes story of an extended family of filmmakers who set out to revolutionize the adult entertainment industry in the seventies. Idealistic producer Jack Horner (Burt Reynolds) has always dreamed of elevating his films into an art form. When he discovers young actor Eddie Adams (Mark Wahlberg), Jack begins to turn his dreams into reality. Under the stage name of Dirk Diggler, Eddie soon gives the adult entertainment world a star the likes of which it has never seen. But the rise to fame has its costs, and soon Dirk finds himself sliding down the slippery slope of sex, drugs and violence. The only question: can he get himself back together before it's too late? Eddie Adams would have been just another high-school drop-out had he not met the likes of adult film director Jack Horner. Horner transforms Eddie into Dirk Diggler, a rising-star actor with a special gift. Set in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the film is a tribute to the decor, style, culture, and social attitudes of the era. John Selbie Eddie Adams, a young man working in a nightclub, is discovered by porn director Jack Horner, who soon puts Eddie, renamed Dirk Diggler, and his "talent" on the top of the pornography industry. But when the 1980s arrive, Dirk and his colleagues in the porn industry have to cope with a new era as well as the baggage they bring with them from the 1970s. Mike Myers <mmyers@ucsd.edu> Eddie is an aspiring actor who gets discovered by Jack Horner, a porn director who considers his job an art form. Eddie then changes his name to Dirk Diggler and gets sucked in the lifestyle and relationships of the pornography industry of the late-1970s. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in the year 1977 in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles. Jack Horner (Burt Reynolds), a film director, and Amber Waves (Julianne Moore), his part-time girlfriend/actress, enter a club owned by Maurice Rodrguez (Luis Guzmn). Maurice then meets fellow actors Buck Swope (Don Cheadle) and Reed Rothchild (John C. Reilly). Jack and Amber are also met by Rollergirl (Heather Graham) a teenage actress who always wears roller skates. We also see Eddie Adams (Mark Wahlberg), a busboy, whom Jack watches with interest. Finally, producer William 'Little Bill' Thomson (William H. Macy) arrives to fix a date for shooting a movie but Jack changes the schedule. Jack ignores Little Bill and goes to see Eddie whom is working in the kitchen. Eddie thinks Jack wants to see him masturbate (which he does for money) but misunderstands Jack's real intentions. Jack tells Eddie he's a film director, who directs "exotic pictures". Jack wants to talk to him over a drink but Eddie refuses his offer by saying that he doesn't drink. Some time later, the nightclub switches off their lights. Jack goes home with Amber and fixes himself a drink. Amber snorts a small amount of cocaine and makes a phone call, wanting to speak with her son over the phone but her ex-husband Tom refuses to let her. Little Bill arrives home to find his nymphomaniac wife (Nina Hartley) having sex with a stranger - she coldly tells Little Bill to sleep on the couch. Elsewhere, Eddie goes home and shows off his ego by doing some karate moves in his underwear in front of a mirror, fancying himself as a Bruce Lee impressionist. The sizable bulge of Eddie's penis is prominent through his underwear. The next morning, Eddie's mother gets angry that he's working at a car wash at day and a nightclub at night, furious that he doesn't go to school since Eddie apparently dropped out of high school some time ago. Meanwhile, Buck Swope tries to sell a hi-fi stereo system during his day job but fails when he demonstrates the system using a country/western song that the customer finds unappealing. His manager blames him because of his "cowboy look". Across town, Rollergirl is at a high school taking a test but the questions seem to be confusing. A guy in class (Kai Lennox) slyly imitates fellatio, suggesting he's seen Rollergirl do the same on film. Rollergirl becomes upset and leaves the classroom and the school itself. Eddie goes to his girlfriend, Sheryl Lynn's (Laurel Holloman) house. Sheryl praises Eddie and says that he is good at sex. Her suggestion entices Eddie to join the porn industry. In the nightclub, Jack whispers something in Rollergirl's ears. Rollergirl takes Eddie in a room and unzips his pants, taken aback slightly by what she sees. She bends down to give Eddie a blowjob. Afterward, Eddie is seen walking around the street and Jack offers Eddie a ride, along with Amber and Rollergirl. Jack takes them to a diner and talks about the porn industry and his dream of making a porno film where the story & plot will "suck them in", rather than just be a cheap film where the sex only entices the audience to masturbate and leave the theatre. They then go to Jack's house and Jack tells Rollergirl to have sex with Eddie, an audition of sorts. She accepts and Jack watches them have sex right in front of him. Eddie returns home in the early morning and finds his mother waiting for him. She throws out torrents of verbal abuse, calling him stupid and saying he'll never amount to anything. She tears up some of the decorations in his room and he leaves horribly upset, telling her he'll be a success despite her berating of him. Eddie leaves the house in a fury and goes to Jack's house where Jack is having a poolside party and introduces Eddie to fellow porn actor Reed Rothchild. The two become instant friends. Later, the Colonel James (Robert Ridgely), a porn financier, gets out of a car with an unknown teenage girl and Jack welcomes them. Buck tries to talk to his girlfriend Becky Barnett (Nicole Ari Parker) about the previous situation at work. She suggests he change his look -- Buck becomes angry and stalks off. Maurice asks Amber to talk to Jack to let him act in a porn movie and she says that she will see what she can do. The unknown woman with the Colonel finds someone who has cocaine and decides to snort it with him. When the house phone rings, Maurice picks it up and the caller asks for Maggie. Maurice calls for a Maggie but no one seems to answer (it is Amber who is actually Maggie but she is seen snorting cocaine and is so out of it that she doesn't hear Maurice calling out her real name). Little Bill sees his wife having sex on Jack's driveway with another stranger while a crowd of men surrounds her as she seems to enjoy the attention. Little Bill walks away from it in disgust. Jack's cinematographer, Kurt (Ricky Jay), tries to talk to him about the shooting of the Jack's next film, but Little Bill, too distracted by the spectacle involving his wife, gets angry and walks away. Back at the pool party, the Colonel then sees that the teenager he was with has overdosed and asks the chauffeur to drop her off at the nearest emergency room. Scotty J. (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a boom operator, sees Eddie and it's love at first sight with him and they converse. Eddie later on is introduced to the Colonel by Jack. The Colonel looks at Eddie's penis & realizes the young man will be a huge money maker. He also suggests that Eddie think about a new name with panache. Later that night, Jack joins Reed and Eddie in his hot tub. Jack asks Eddie to pick up a screen name for his career and Eddie tells him he thought up the name 'Dirk Diggler'. On Dirk's first shooting day, Little Bill discusses the script with Jack. Jack decides that Eddie and Amber should be together in a scene. Scotty tells Eddie it is time and Eddie has a monologue and tells to himself that he's ready. Eddie goes and Jack discusses the scene; Eddie asks to be called "Dirk" from then on and Jack heartily agrees. Amber and Eddie also decide that he should ejaculate on her breasts. Little Bill also gives some advice to Eddie. They shoot the sex scene which involves Eddie interviewing Amber for a film role - they have sex right on top of the desk. The encounter lasts so long that the crew eventually runs out of film and they change angles. Amber tells Eddie to come inside her and tell her she's "fixed" (which means she's been sterilized). Afterwards, Little Bill tells Jack that they missed the "money shot" and could use stock footage, which Jack scoffs at, saying it won't match. Dirk tells Jack he can perform the scene again in a few minutes if they need a closeup. The crew then decides to celebrate with a wrap up party. With the money they earned from their adult film sales, Reed and Eddie buy new shirts and shoes. Eddie then dances with Rollergirl in the same nightclub that he used to work in. The Colonel is seen with a new underage teenage girl while Becky talks to a new guy. We also see Reed as a magician and perform a rising card trick to Buck. We see Eddie rise to fame as people flock to see his movies while critics praises his "suck-cess". Eddie is also seen disco dancing with Reed and other people and Jack reads accolades about Eddie in the porn trade papers. Some time later, Eddie reveals that he doesn't like porn that degrades woman (like John Holmes's films) and discusses a new porn series with Jack about an always-on-the-make private detective and crime fighter. Eddie decides that his character for the new porn series should be called "Brock Landers" while Reed will be called "Chest Rockwell", and they play two private detectives who fight crime, have fistfights with various bad guys, and have sex with their women or random women as their rewards (a thinly veiled version of the 'Johnny Wadd' porn series starring John Holmes, whom Eddie makes reference too). The new porn crime-noir series is immediately a box office hit, which brings in more money for Jack and his crew. Eddie also wins three awards at the 2nd Annual Adult Film Awards in Las Vegas: Best Newcomer, Best Cock and Best Actor. He promises that he will make better movies. The movie then flashes forward to 1978. We see a clip from the newest Brock Landers movie, Brock Landers: Angels Live In My Town (based on the Johnny Wadd film China Cat). Jack tells his editor to make some changes. Eddie then takes Amber around his new house and we see an extensive wardrobe and his most favorite possession: an orange 1977 Chevrolet Corvette. We also see a porn actress Jessie St. Vincent (Melora Walters) drawing a portrait of him. Jack produces more of the Brock Landers series. Eddie wins more statues from the Adult Film Awards. December 31, 1979 - New Year's Eve. Becky meets a new guy named Jerome (Michael Jace). Floyd Gondolli (Philip Baker Hall) meets the Colonel in Jack's New Year's Eve party and introduces his new porn actors. Amber interrupts Jessie and Eddie and Jessie decides to talk to Buck, who feels lonely, his latest "look" a Rick James outfit, is a failure. Todd Parker (Thomas Jane), an exotic male dancer shows up at Jack's party and talks to Reed. Buck tells Jessie all about what he wants to do. Amber asks Eddie to snort a line of cocaine and he readily agrees to do so. Eddie asks if he looks sexy snorting cocaine and Amber kisses him. Floyd privately talks to Jack and asks him to switch to videotape and tells him it's the "future". Gondolli also tells Jack that he has the connections in distribution that can make Jack a lot of money. Jack argues with him and refuses to accept Gondolli's offer, stating that the purity of film is his medium and he won't give it up. Scotty shows Eddie his new car, which happens to be an orange Datsun. To show his infatuation, Scotty kisses Eddie but Eddie becomes upset, telling Scotty he's not gay. Eddie leaves after Scotty apologizes. Scotty starts crying in his car and realizes that he did something stupid. Little Bill searches the party and finds his wife in a bedroom having sex with yet another man. Embarrassed, he goes to his car and retrieves a revolver. As the countdown to New Year nears, Little Bill kills his wife and her latest partner in cold blood and shoots himself in front of everyone. Flashing forward to 1981, a documentary on Dirk/Eddie is being shown. Dirk explains how he disregards the violence in his films, which he'd originally wanted to avoid when he dreamed up the Brock Landers character, while the narrator (Amber) tries to espouse his credibility. Reed also shares his interests on what he decides to do in the future. Rollergirl also shows Eddie's credibility by praising him. Eddie then talks about how people have written & thanked him for his work and also on what Jack does. We then see that it is Amber who has made the documentary while Eddie watches it and thanks her for it. A few minutes later, Jack's telephone rings and Jack picks it up, and realizes it's the Colonel. The Colonel is smiling while we realize that he's in prison. The Colonel tells the whole situation: he had brought a 15-year-old girl to his house and she died from a drug overdose. He tells Jack that, while the police were searching the Colonel's house following the girl's overdose, they "found something," implied to be child pornography. Jack realizes the pedophile that the Colonel really is, and refuses to talk to him anymore. Jack leaves the Colonel behind refusing to hire him a lawyer or to do business with him again. We later see Jack walking through a warehouse where videotapes of pornography fill the shelves and are distributed, indicating that with the Colonel out of the picture, Jack had to accept the deal from Floyd Gondolli. Jack seems bored with the new format, which allows films to be shot simply for the sexual content involved and not for acting or story. December 1982. Becky Barnett marries Jerome (the same guy during the after-shoot party). During the wedding party, the strung-out Eddie sees Jack with a new porn actor named Johnny Doe (Jonathan Quint) as Jack tries to recruit him. Eddie gets angry and jealous over the new talent and leaves. January 1983. By this time, Eddie/Dirk has developed a heavy addiction to cocaine with Reed and Todd Parker. While high, Eddie sees Amber talking to Johnny and becomes jealous. He tries to get an erection but his addiction to coke prevents it. When he does get an erection, he marches out to the movie set and demands that Jack shoot him immediately. Jack tells Eddie to wait about 20 minutes while they prep the scene. The strung-out Eddie becomes furious, shouting obscenities and saying he's the star and nobody tells him what to do. He also tries to attack Johnny, but when Jack tries to stop him, Eddie tries to attack Jack as well. A shouting match ensues and Eddie walks off the set saying that he doesn't need them. March 1983. At Sound City Recording Studios, Eddie is trying to pursue a singing career and, with Reed, is recording a song. Eddie, however, is not a talented singer. We see the rise of Johnny Doe's career as well. Meanwhile, Rollergirl and Amber snort cocaine at Jack's house. Rollergirl decides to attain the GED (General Educational Development) and to graduate from high school. Amber says that she misses her two sons (one being Dirk) while Rollergirl calls Amber 'Mom'. Todd supplies himself, Reed and Eddie with cocaine. Reed and Eddie go to Sound City to get their tapes to take to the record company but are refused until they pay the fee for the recording time. Eddie and Reed argue with the studio's owner, saying they can't pay him until they take the demo tapes to the record company and get paid. The owner still refuses to release the tapes without payment. Elsewhere, Buck and Jessie, who are now married, decide to get a bank loan because Buck wants to start his own business of selling stereo equipment. However, they do not get the loan since they both "endorse" pornography as they are both former porn actors and the bank doesn't want to tarnish its own reputation. September 1983. Amber is seen in a custody battle with her ex-husband but the court determines she is an unfit mother due to her continuing involvement in the porn industry, her prior criminal record and her addiction to cocaine. Amber is later seen crying in front of the courthouse. December 11, 1983. Jack tries to revitalize his career by starting a new porn show called "On The Lookout". It is an early TV reality series that involves Rollergirl riding with him in a limousine while they search for random men to have sex with her so that they can videotape it. Jack picks up a college kid on the street who turns out to be Rollergirl's former high school classmate (the same one that made the obscene gesture in class that made her quit school). He later insults Rollergirl by shamelessly abusing her. Jack tells him to leave and the guy tells Jack his movies aren't good anymore. Jack is angered and starts to beat the guy up and throws him out of the limo. Rollergirl also viciously stomps on the guy with her roller skates before getting back into the limo and riding off. That same night, Dirk/Eddie is then picked up by a stranger named Joe (Channon Roe) who asks him to jerk off for ten dollars. Eddie accepts Joe's offer. Eddie tries to masturbate but cannot do so because he's still strung out on cocaine and can't "get it up". Suddenly, a car containing several gang members drives up; they are Joe's friends and they begin beating Eddie heavily in a homophobic assault. Joe joins in on the beating claiming that he entrapped Eddie for the sole purpose to target a "fag" like him. The gang quickly withdraws, leaving the bloodied Eddie on the side of the road. Jack's limo passes Buck and Jessie (who is now seven or eight months pregnant), who pull into an all-night donut shop. Buck goes to purchase some donuts. Suddenly, a thief bursts in and robs the shop at gunpoint. While the clerk packs the money from the cash register and the safe, another customer dressed like a cowboy slowly pulls a large pistol and shoots the robber. As he falls, the robber shoots the customer, who is also hit. As the armed customer pitches forward, he shoots again, hitting the clerk in the head. The clerk's blood splatters on Buck, who is unharmed. Looking at the floor, the shaken Buck sees the bag of money dropped by the robber. Seeing that no one else is there and no security cameras around, Buck takes the money and runs out. Long Way Down (One Last Thing). Flashing forward to a few months later in 1984, Eddie and his friends are desperate for money. Todd decides to steal cash from a wealthy drug dealer named Rahad Jackson (Alfred Molina) (the character is inspired by real-life gangster Eddie Nash). They decide to try to fool him by selling him a half-kilogram of baking soda disguised as cocaine for $5,000. Todd also shows the guys that he's carrying a gun, in case things go awry. That evening, Dirk, Rick, and Todd arrive at Rahad's house where the strung-out and debauched Rahad openly welcomes them and buys the cocaine while a bodyguard measures it. Rahad is also listening to 'Sister Christian' by Night Ranger as Rahad shares his opinion on track lists. Reed and Dirk want to count the money in the car but Todd refuses to listen to them. Rahad then listens to Rick Springfield's 'Jessie's Girl' as he sings along. Reed and Dirk decide they don't to wait around any longer before the gig is up and ask Todd to leave with them. Suddenly, Todd demands Rahad give them whatever is in the safe in the bedroom. When Todd points the gun, Rahad shoots Todd in the shoulder. Todd shoots back and kills the bodyguard. Rahad retreats to his bedroom. When Todd kicks the door open, Rahad kills him with a shotgun blast and chases Reed and Dirk out of his house trying to shoot them as well. Dirk speeds away in his Corvette while Reed runs off on foot. Dirk runs out of gas and is forced to stop in an unfamiliar neighborhood. Early the next morning, Dirk/Eddie turns up at Jack's house after the frightening experience. He apologizes to Jack for their previous falling out and is forgiven. Eddie is still terrified and tries to rest on Amber's lap. A few more months later, we see that Buck now has a new stereo store from the money that he stole from the botched robbery at the doughnut shop. He seems to finally have found the right "look" for himself, styled as an 80s rapper with Amber filming his TV ads. Rollergirl is seen taking the GED exam while the Colonel is still in prison and being beaten by his hulking cell mate. Maurice opens up a new club with his brothers (whom he briefly mentioned earlier in the film) but realizes that its sign features a spelling error. Reed pursues his role as a magician, doing what appears to be an adults-only act where his female assistant is topless. Jessie is seen giving birth to a baby boy while Buck coaches her and Scotty films it. In the final scene, we return to Jack's house several more months later. The group has become more of a family as Jack has resumed his career in the adult film industry. We follow Jack through the house. Jack tells Rollergirl to tidy her room. Reed plays with Buck's and Jessie's baby in the backyard swimming pool while Jesse paints a new portrait. Jack tells Maurice that his cooking is filling the house with unpleasant odors. Jack also argues with Buck that he wants a "mellow" hi-fi system. Jack then goes to Amber's room and asks her if she's ready or not for the shoot. Eventually in a bathroom, we see Dirk, dressed Miami-Vice style and practicing his lines in front of a mirror. He unzips his pants and finally reveals his flaccid penis (told to be 13 inches long when erect). He zips up and walks out of the room and goes onto a nearby room to film his latest feature. 
 The Mist (2007)761) A freak storm unleashes a species of bloodthirsty creatures on a small town, where a small band of citizens hole up in a supermarket and fight for their lives. The Draytons - David, Steff and their son Billy - live in a small Maine town. One night a ferocious storm hits the area, damaging their house. The storm is accompanied by a strange mist the following morning. David and Billy and their neighbour Brent Norton go into town and find themselves trapped in a grocery store with several other people. There they discover that the mist contains something frightening and intent on killing humans. grantss Project Arrowhead, a military experiment gone wrong has opened an inter-dimensional rift, setting loose unthinkable creatures in the town of Maine. After a storm rips through Maine, local Hollywood artist David Drayton, (Thomas Jane), his son Billy and their next door neighbor drive into town for supplies, Whilst at the supermarket, shoppers are alerted by the presence of military convoys, emergency vehicles & the towns emergency siren. Shortly after the town is engulfed by a thick mist, it becomes apparent that this is no ordinary fog. Barricaded in the supermarket for days on end, frightened shoppers fight for survival against the horrific creatures that lurk outside, unaware that perhaps the biggest monster is already among them. Based on a Stephen King novel, the director brings to life what King is famous for, with an ending that will leave you mortified. Kevin Awty When a thick fog descends upon a rural community and claims the lives of anyone unfortunate enough to be caught outside, a small band of survivors seeks refuge in a local grocery store. Now trapped in a darkened cloud of pure horror, the frightened denizens of the town are forced to fend off an advancing horde of murderous monsters. ahmetkozan A violent storm hits a town in Maine, then an approaching cloud of mist appears the next morning. As the mist quickly envelops the area, a group of people get trapped in a local grocery store, among them, artist David Drayton and his five-year-old son. The people soon discover that within the mist lives numerous species of horrific, unworldly creatures that entered through an inter-dimensional rift, possibly caused by a project on a nearby military base. As the world around them turns into a literal Hell-on-earth, the horrified citizens try desperately to survive this apocalyptic disaster. thedictator@sbcglobal.net After a violent storm in a community in Maine, the local artist Dave Drayton drives from his lake-side house with his son Billy and his arrogant neighbor, lawyer Brent Norton, to the supermarket to get supplies. On the way, they see a heavy mist, and later, see military convoys, police, fire trucks, and ambulances heading into it. In the supermarket, a frantic local arrives crying that there is something alive in the mist. The manager closes the front entrance but the store is enclosed by the mist. David, another client and two employees go to the back of the store to start the backup generator. When they open the back entrance, Norm the cashier (Chris Owen) is seized and dragged away by fierce tentacles. David and two survivors succeed in closing the loading door. When they tell the rest of the people in the store what happened, Brent does not trust his own perception, believing it is a prank. The God-fearing Mrs. Carmody preaches the Apocalypse and says that she is the agent of the Lord on Earth. Soon the group discovers that they are under siege by blood-thirsty creatures from another dimension that have reached our planet through a window opened by a failed military research project. The crazy Mrs. Carmody has many followers and starts to make dangerous speeches. Absent any alternatives, a small group led by David decides to take a chance, leave the supermarket, and get to his car, hoping to escape the mist. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. ********************************************************************************************************************************************************** THE FOLLOWING IS NOT COMPOSED BY ME. THIS APPEARS IN ONE OF THE MOVIE SPOILER WEBSITES AND IS WRITTEN BY SOMEONE CALLED 'John C'. ITS SO DESCRIPTIVE AND FANTASTIC THAT I DECIDED TO SHARE IT WITH OTHER IMDB USERS. THE TEXT HAS NOT BEEN CHANGED IN ANY WAY AND APPEARS EXACTLY AS WRITTEN BY THE ORIGINAL WRITER. ******************************************************************************************************************************************************** The movie begins with David Drayton (Thomas Jane), the main character, hand painting a movie poster for an upcoming film. A collection of his other original works, including a poster of The Thing can be seen in his studio. That night, a massive storm strikes Bridgton, Maine, the setting of the story, and his house loses power and a tree smashes through his studio window, ruining his latest painting. The next morning David, his eight-year-old son Billy (Nathan Gamble), and wife Steff (Kelly Collins Lintz) are cleaning up debris and assessing damage from the storm. Outside, the family notices a thick mist approaching from off the nearby lake. In the storm, the Drayton family boathouse has been crush by a fallen tree from their neighbors house. They go to the neighbor, Brent Norton (Andre Braugher), who is a lawyer, to exchange insurance information about the boathouse. David notices that Brent's Mercedes convertible has been smashed by a falling tree. Brent asks David if he will be driving into town to pick up food and supplies and if he could get a ride seeing as the storm claimed his car. David says yes and David, Billy, and Brent drive to town in David's SUV for the grocery store. David's wife, Steff, remains behind at the house. While driving to the supermarket they view several electric company trucks heading in the other direction, and oddly, several dozen military vehicles heading to the military base. David says to Brent if he's ever heard of all the crazy conspiracy stories about the military base and project arrowhead. Brent just laughs. Upon arriving at the supermarket they find the store to be packed with people also stocking up on supplies. Three military men in the store are on leave. The soldiers are approached by a Military Policeman (Eric Kelly McFarland) to return to base and they their leave has been suspended and they have thirty minutes to finish shopping. After a minute elapses from the time David, Billy and Brent enter the store, a man, Jeff Miller, a local townsperson, flies into the market, bloodied and frantic. The man immediately begins screaming about something hidden in the mist that is attacking and killing people. Everyone looks outside, and the mist has now completely surrounded the grocery store and nothing can be seen outside of the store but white smoke. Several people flee the store immediately and screams are heard shortly after coming from outside. Jeff tells everyone to seal the doorway to the store and to remain inside. However, there is a lady (Melissa Suzanne McBride) who worries that she's left her two young children on their own at home. She wants to leave the supermarket to go home to check on them, and asks everybody to volunteer to accompany her. Nobody volunteers, so she leaves the supermarket on her own. David meanwhile realizes already that they will be spending the next several hours, if not days in the store, and goes to the back of the store to check the generator. In the backroom of the store where the generator is, the loading dock, he hears something outside of the large loading dock door. Eventually the thing, the creature, starts pressing heavily into the door and he runs back into the main store. He tells three men a young male worker what he heard through the door and they dont believe him. David also tells him that the generator is smoking and might not work for that much long if it is not fixed. The five of them go back to the loading dock in the back of the store to fix the generator. They conclude that the generators exhaust system is clogged outside and that someone must physically remove wha'ts unclogging the generator. A young bagboy of the grocery store, Norm (Chris Owen), volunteers to go outside. David warns and pleads for no one to go outside. Norm and the other men ignore the warnings and open the large loading dock garage door. Upon opening the door the mist has become incredibly thick and begins slowly entering the loading dock. Before anyone can react, a large tentacle snags Norms leg and pulls him under the door. He grabs the door and David pulls him back into the loading dock. Unfortunately several more tentacles follow Norm back into the loading dock and begin ripping flesh from his body. Bloodied and terrified Norm is dragged outside into the mist. David quickly grabs an axe and manages to chop off the end of one of the tentacles. They close the loading dock doorway. The mist concealed what the tentacles were connected to. The generator is still clogged. The men are in shock and go back into the grocery to tell Brent what they've discovered, and to ask him if he has any idea what to do. Brent however lashes out at them, believing they are playing a joke on him by saying that monsters are dwelling in the mist. Brent believes that some of the townspeople are setting him up for a prank, a joke, and that no monsters exist. Brent says that he knows it's just a storm and that trying to joke about monsters is not going to work on him. He says that the men are trying to prank him because he was the lawyer who represented people who sued this grocery store and lost. David and the men though show Brent and several others the piece of tentacle that David had severed from the monster. Brent has already made up his mind though, and he says that it proves nothing and that the mist is nothing more than part of a storm. Brent organizes a group of people to leave the store to drive and find help, reassuring them that nothing is going to happen if they leave the store into the mist. One man says that when Brent and his group leave, he will go to the parking lot and retrieve a shotgun from another mans car who is to afraid to retrieve the gun himself, and he will bring the gun back into the store. David asks the man to tie a 300 foot rope around his waist, so that the people in the store will know that he made it at least as far as the rope goes. Brent and his group leave first. The man with the rope leaves right behind them. After a minute of silence, waiting for the man to come back with the shotgun, his rope begins pulling rapidly out of the store. David and several others try to hang on but suffer rope burn. Finally the rope stops pulling and David and the other pull on the rope. Eventually the rope starts coming back into the store red, covered in fresh dripping blood, and everyone in the store begins crying and screaming. The lower, severed half, of the mans body is still attached to the end of the rope. They decide not to pull the torso in and let it rest in front of the store. The remaining people assume that Brent and his group have also died and they realize the only way to survive is barricade everything in front of the storefront. One of the store supervisors observes the entire front of the store is large glass windows. The supervisor, Ollie Weeks (Toby Jones), organizes all of the dog food and fertilizer to be stacked up. The wall is only five feet tall and the remaining three feet of glass is exposed. Since the moment that they've been trapped in the store, the people have been split into two groups. One groups follows David and Ollie, and believe that the group must barricade the doorway and survive until help comes. The second group however listens to a deeply religious woman, Ms. Carmody (Marcia Gay Harden), who believes that God has sent down his plagues and wraths upon their town and the world for their sins. Ms. Carmody slowly convinces many people that God is angry at the sins of the world and has seen down monsters and demons in the mist to claim all those are not worthy of salvation. She cries out that she's a righteous follower of God and that anyone who wanted to be saved should listen to her words and scripture. David and several others are convinced that this is not a biblical problem and that it can be rationally solved. Both groups don't have a chance to argue that night though, as giant, two feet long insects begin landing on the windows of the stores front. The insects though are not the problem; its the giant six feet pterodactyl like predator birds that are now crashing into the windows that are alarming. The birds are killing the insects, but whenever a bird crashes into an insect resting on a window the windows crack further. Eventually a bird shatters a window cleanly, allowing several insects to fly through the window. The insects attack and kill only a young girl, who is a worker of the grocery store and also a love interest of one of the military personnel, Private Jessup (Sam Witwer). The people use shovels, rakes, and sticks to beat and kill the insects, but two large bird creatures also enter the store. The first bird kills a man immediately upon entering the store and is in turn killed by being set on fire. The other bird is shot by Ollie who wields a six shooter pistol. The fire used to kill the bird though also severely burns a man. He is burned so badly that he says that the pain is unbearable, and begs to be killed so end his suffering. David and those watching the burn victim tell him to hang on a little longer. David and his group set out to outside go to a nearby pharmacy in the shopping plaza to retrieve burn medicine, antibiotics, and painkillers for the burn victim. Jessup sees the group leaving the store and volunteers also. On the mission they encounter the Military Policeman who ordered the three military soldiers on leave to return to duty. The MP has been strung up in a spiders web and has large pulsing sores covering his body. Coughing and stuttering, he says that everything is our fault and that the military is responsible. The sores on his body then open up to reveal live spiders growing inside of them. David and his group see the source of the smaller spiders, several large three feet long spiders and begin to retreat back to the grocery store. In the retreat they lose two people to the spiders. The large spiders have claws and fangs, but also shoot acidic webbing. One man dies from the webbing burning through his jeans and flesh, eventually bleeding to death. The other victim is surrounded and attacked by spiders and killed. David and his group make it back to the store ask the soldier who came with them on the mission what the MP meant by it being the military's fault. The soldier says his two other soldiers who are in the store can explain it better, but the group discovers that the two other soldiers have committed suicide by hanging themselves in the loading docks. The remaining soldier says that all he knows was that scientists had found a way to open up doorways to other worlds and dimensions and they called it Project Arrowhead. This is all revealed to the remaining survivors in the store. Ms. Carmody says that the doorway was hell and that now we are paying for the soldiers' mistakes. She demands that the remaining soldier be sacrificed for his sins, for bringing these monster here. She says that God demands his blood. The soldier pleads that he was just a lowly solider and the scientists were the ones who did all of the experimenting. Ms. Carmody exclaims that we have tampered with God's power, we have split God's atoms, used God's stem cells and allowed abortions and now those responsible must suffer. One of the men who has sided with her, lunges and stabs the soldier three times in the stomach. To David and his groups horror, the soldier is tossed through the front door to the outside. Bleeding and alive, he begs to be let back inside. A gigantic monster approaches the store and grabs the soldier and kills him. The monster leaves and Ms. Carmody says that the monster has been appeased tonight, but more people must be offered up eventually. Ms. Carmody's biblical ramblings become more fervent and frequent. She starts talking commandingly about a human sacrifice. David assembles several people, to accompany him, because he intends to break out of the store and see if he can drive through the mist and find a place where the mist is not there. David, his son, Ollie, and six others agree that in a couple nights they will leave after stockpiling food and supplies under the radar of Ms. Carmody and her group. The night of the departure Ms. Carmody catches them before they can leave and assembles everyone else in the store to prevent them from leaving. David tells her to move but she counters by saying that not only can David not leave the store, but that David's son Billy, must be the next sacrifice. David and Ollie are approached by several men armed with knives. Ollie doesn't hesitate though and opens fire on Ms. Carmody with his pistol. He shoots her in the stomach, stunning her followers, and then he executes her with a bullet to the forehead, completely horrifying them and causing them and back off. Ollie points the gun at the knife-wielding men, causing them to retreat, and motions for David and the group to make a break for it. On their way out, a furious woman, who was a very ardent follower and appeared to have had a very close friendship with Mrs. Carmody, screams at Ollie, calling him a murderer, and approaches the group, intent on killing Billy herself in order to avenge Mrs. Carmody, but runs off in terror when Ollie points the gun at her. David and the group get outside and run for David's SUV. One of the men falls and is helped by two other men. Two of them are attacked and killed by spiders and the other runs back to the market and is welcomed inside. Ollie reaches the SUV first but is killed by the giant creature that killed the soldier from before. David, his son Billy, a woman, the original man who warned of the creatures in the mist, and an older woman, eventually make it into the SUV. David, before driving away sees the gun that Ollie dropped, and grabs it off the hood of his car while a giant spider climbs on the car. David starts the car and drives by the front of the store while the survivors that followed Ms. Carmody, who have now snapped back to reality and realize what they had done, watch him drive by. David, his son, and the three others drive through the mist for hours looking for help or a sign of clear until the SUV runs out of gas. On the ride they first stop at David's house where he sees his wife's dead body in a spiders web. On the main roads they see tons of cars that have been overturned, a school bus full of webbed children, and tons of debris and roadside damage. While driving, they also encounter the largest creature in the film, a massive six legged monster covered in thousands of smaller creatures and tentacles that is the size of several large buildings, and is so high that only its legs can be seen as its head is well above the trees. With the SUV out of gas they pull over. They have not been able to drive out of the mist. With Billy asleep, David pulls out the gun and nods with silent agreement with the other members of the group. David says that there are only four bullets, not enough to kill all of them, and David will stay alive and let the creatures kill him saying that he will figure something out. Four gunshots are heard and four flashes of light are emitted from the car. David exits the car screaming for the monsters to come get him. He has shot and killed his eight-year-old son, and the three other survivors, and is now waiting for his own death. A large rumbling noise emerges in the distance, something is approaching David. Screaming and begging to die, a monster does not reveal itself in the mist. Instead it is a U.S. military tank. In fact, it is a full military battalion. Tanks, soldiers with flame throwers and rifles, and truckloads of survivors are now traveling on the road. Some of the survivors are from the grocery store and one of them is the one woman who left by herself, who is completely unscathed and has her two children with her. Realizing that he just murdered his son and three innocent people only moments before they would have been rescued and that they should have never left the market in the first place, David collapses and two soldiers approach him unaware of what David has just done. Credits then roll. 
 The Thin Red Line (1998)541) Adaptation of James Jones ' autobiographical 1962 novel, focusing on the conflict at Guadalcanal during the second World War. U.S. Army Private Witt (AWOL) is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant, Welsh.The men of C Company,1st Battalion,27th Infantry Regiment,25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position. Their task is to capture the hill at all costs. What happens next is a story of redemption and the meaninglessness of war. Regardless of the outcome. Frank Liesenborgs / Hans Delbruck In World War II, the outcome of the battle of Guadalcanal will strongly influence the Japanese advance into the Pacific theater. A group of young soldiers are brought in as a relief for the battle-weary Marines. The exhausting fight for a strategically-positioned airfield that allows control over a 1000-mile radius puts the men of the Army rifle company C-for-Charlie through hell. The horrors of war form the soldiers into a tight-knit group; their emotions develop into bonds of love and even family. The reasons for this war get further away as the world for the men gets smaller and smaller until their fighting is for mere survival and the life of the other men with them. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> In 1943, the first major U.S. offensive of World War II is drawing to a close on the South Pacific island of Guadalcanal. To put an end to this campaign, the United States Army arrives with a full division of troops and equipment, deployed to break the last resistence of the Japanese. The exploits of this Division are seen from a number of perspectives amongst the soldiers; to include a war weary Sergeant, a power hungry Colonel, a Private who has known only desertion and AWOL, and a Company Commander is struggling with his abilities as a leader. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1942, U.S. Army Private Witt (Jim Caviezel), is AWOL from his unit and living with the easy-going and seemingly carefree Melanesian natives in the South Pacific. He is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company NCO, First Sergeant Welsh (Sean Penn). In Welsh's conversation with Witt, it is clear that the private is unenthusiastic about serving in the army. The men of C Company, 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. As they wait in the holds of a Navy transport ship, they contemplate their lives and the impending invasion. On deck, battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall (Nick Nolte) talks with his commanding officer, Brigadier General Quintard (John Travolta), about the invasion and its importance with Tall going ashore with C Company while Quintard will remain on the ship. Tall's voice-over reveals that he has been passed over for promotion and this battle may be his last chance to command a victorious operation. C Company lands on Guadalcanal unopposed and marches to the interior of the island, encountering natives and evidence of the Japanese presence and tactics: the mutilated corpses of intercepted Marines and Rangers scouts. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position near Henderson airfield. The Japanese have placed a bunker housing several machine guns at the top of the hill, giving them full view of the valley below. Any force attempting to climb the hill can be easily cut down by machine-gun fire and mortar rounds. A brief shelling of the hill begins the next day at dawn. Shortly after, C Company attempts to take the hill and is repelled by gunfire from the bunker. Among the first killed in the battle is the leader of the attacking platoon, Second Lieutenant Whyte (Jared Leto). During the battle, Lieutenant Colonel Tall orders the company commander, Captain Staros (Elias Koteas), to take the bunker by frontal assault, at whatever cost. Staros refuses, unwilling to treat his men as cannon fodder. When the two reach a stalemate, Tall decides to join Staros on the front line to see the situation for himself. By the time he arrives, the Japanese resistance seems to have lessened, and Tall's opinion of Staros seems to have been sealed. Meanwhile, during the battle, Private Witt, having been assigned punitively as a stretcher bearer, asks to rejoin the company, and is permitted to do so. A small detachment of men perform a reconnaissance mission on Tall's orders to determine the strength of the Japanese bunker. Private Bell (Ben Chaplin) reports back that there are five machine guns in the bunker. He joins another small detachment of men, led by Captain Gaff (John Cusack), on a flanking mission to take the bunker. The operation is a success and C Company stands poised to overrun one of the last Japanese strongholds on the island. They are successful in this regard; the Japanese they find are largely malnourished and dying, and put up little resistance. For their efforts the men are given a week's leave, although not all of them are able to enjoy it fully. The airfield where they are based comes under Japanese artillery bombardment; Bell, who longs to return to his wife, receives a letter from her, informing him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce; much to his surprise, Captain Staros is relieved of his command by Lieutenant Colonel Tall, who deems him too soft for the pressures of combat and suggests that he apply for reassignment and become a lawyer in the JAG in Washington DC. Meanwhile, Witt comes across the Melanesians and notices that they have suddenly grown more distrustful of him and quarrel regularly with one another. Some weeks later, the company is sent on patrol up a river but with the indecisive and inexperienced 1st Lieutenant George Band (Paul Gleeson) at its head. As Japanese artillery falls close to their positions, Band orders several men to scout upriver, with Witt volunteering to go along. They encounter an advancing Japanese column and are attacked. To buy time for Private Fife (Adrien Brody) to go back and inform the rest of the unit, Witt draws away the Japanese but is then encircled by one of their squads, who demand that he surrender. In a moment of bliss and internal calm, he raises his rifle and is gunned down. The company is able to retreat safely. Witt's dead body is later found and buried by Welsh and his squad mates. Sometime later, a few days before Christmas of December 1942, C Company receives a new commanding officer, Captain Bosche (George Clooney), who gives an impassive speech to the Marines about them being a family with him as the father figure. A little later in the final scene, Sgt. Welsh, Pvt. Fife, Lt. Band, Pvt. Bell and the rest of the surviving members of C Company board a waiting LCT which evacuates them from Guadalcanal. 
 Deep Blue Sea (1999)651) Searching for a cure to Alzheimer's disease, a group of scientists on an isolated research facility become the prey, as a trio of intelligent sharks fight back. A businessman sinks $200 million into a special project to help fight Alzheimer's disease. As part of this project, medical biologist Susan McAlester rather naughtily figures out a way to genetically enlarge shark brains, so that disease-battling enzymes can be harvested. However, the shark subjects become super smart and decide they don't much like being cooped up in pens and being stabbed with hypodermics, so they figure a way to break out and make for the open sea... John Smith <John.Smith7@net.ntl.com> In high hopes of attracting investors for her ambitious Alzheimer's disease research, Dr Susan McCallister invites Russell Franklin in Aquatica: a state-of-the-art underwater laboratory and former submarine refuelling facility in the middle of the ocean. However, genetic modifications have transformed the sea's fastest predator--the streamlined, Mako shark--into the world's smartest killer, and what's even more terrifying, the laboratory's silent subaquatic assassins are now on the loose. Can the handful of survivors find their way back to the surface before the super-intelligent man-hunters eat them for breakfast? Nick Riganas Believing she almost has the cure for Alzheimer's disease, Dr. Susan McCallister invites Russell Franklin with the hope that he would invest in her and the research. The research is taking placed on an isolated facility in the middle of the ocean with the test subjects being Mako sharks. What was supposed to be a visit for Russell Franklin turns into something more, when the sharks flood the facility and hunt down the team, and thanks to the team, the sharks are now smarter than ever. FilmFanUk A group of research scientists, working in an abandoned off-shore submarine facility, appear to have discovered a neuro-stimulant, extracted from the brains of sharks, that cures Alzheimer's disease. However, unknown to the rest of the researchers the project leaders Dr. Susan McAlester and Jim Whitlock have illegally used proscribed gene manipulation techniques to enhance the brain size of the sharks to attain their spectacular results. During a severe storm, whilst the researchers are celebrating their success, the newly intelligent sharks attack their captors in a bid to escape. As a result of the storm and the sharks attack strategy, the research facility suffers a catastrophic structural integrity failure and begins to submerge. The situation becomes a deadly race against time as the survivors, led by shark wrangler Carter Blake and Preacher, try to reach the surface and safety as the deadly intelligent killer-sharks continue to flood the facility and hunt their prey. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At Aquatica, a remote former submarine refueling facility converted into a laboratory, a team of scientists is searching for a cure for Alzheimer's disease. Unknown to the other scientists, Dr. Susan McAlester (Saffron Burrows) violates a code of ethics and genetically engineers three Mako sharks to increase their brain capacity so their brain tissue can be harvested as a cure for Alzheimer's, but this causes the side effects to make the sharks smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After one of the sharks escapes and attacks a boat full of teenagers, Aquatica's financial backers send corporate executive Russell Franklin (Samuel L Jackson) to investigate the facility. To prove that the research is working, the team manages to remove brain tissue from the largest shark. While examining it, Dr. Jim Whitlock (Stellan Skarsgard), one of the researchers, is attacked by the shark and his arm is bitten off. Brenda Kerns (Aida Turturro), the tower's operator, calls a helicopter to evacuate Jim but a strong hurricane causes the helicopter to lose control and crash into the tower, killing Brenda and the pilots. One of the sharks uses Jim's body as a battering ram to smash an underwater window, flooding the research facility and freeing the other sharks. Susan then confesses to the others that she genetically altered the sharks. Susan, Russell, Carter Blake (Thomas Jane), Janice Higgins (Jacqueline McKenzie) and Tom Scoggins (Michael Rapaport) make their way to the top of the center. While delivering a dramatic speech emphasizing the need for group unity, Russell is dragged into the water by the largest shark and devoured. While climbing up the industrial elevator, a ladder falls and gets wedged between the walls of the shaft, leaving them dangling over the water. Janice loses her grip and falls, and despite Carter's attempts to save her, she is devoured. Meanwhile, the cook, Sherman "Preacher" Dudley (LL Cool J) is attacked by the first shark, but manages to blow it up by throwing a lighter into the kitchen's oven that had been turned on. He then runs into Carter, Tom and Susan. Traumatized by Janice and Russell's deaths, Tom goes with Carter to the flooded lab because the controls to open a door to the surface are in the lab. The largest shark attacks them and Tom is devoured. Susan heads into a room to collect her research. The second shark follows and almost eats her but she manages to electrocute it with a power cable, killing it instantly, though at the cost of destroying her research in the process. Carter, Susan and Preacher go to the top of the research center through a decompression chamber and swim to the surface. Preacher is caught by the third shark and is dragged through the water, but swims to safety after stabbing the shark in the eye with his crucifix, forcing it to release him. Carter then realizes that the third shark is trying to escape to the open sea, and that the sharks had made them inadvertently flood the facility so that they could escape through the weaker mesh fences at the surface. Susan, in an effort to distract the third and final shark, cuts herself and dives into the water. When she attempts to climb out, the ladder breaks, and she is devoured by the shark. Carter at this point had dived in to try and save her but was too late. Managing to dodge the shark's attack and grab hold of its fin, he is pulled through the water with it. Preacher, despite his injuries, grabs hold of the harpoon and shoots the shark through its dorsal fin but the spear also goes through Carter's thigh. As the shark breaks through the fence, Carter is still attached to the shark by the harpoon and tells Preacher to connect the trailing wire to a car battery, sending an electric current through the wire and to the explosive charge in the harpoon, blowing up the final shark in a spectacular fashion. It is revealed that Carter managed to free himself in time and he swims to the wreckage of the facility and joins Preacher in time to see the workers' boat en-route on the horizon. 