nm0011007:

 Hearts Afire (19921995)Summaries John Ritter and Markie Post star in this comedy about two politicos that fall in love. John Ritter returns to TV in a genial sitcom, playing an aide to a senator (Gaynes). His life is somewhat complicated by his wife (Post)'s father (Asner) having spent a long stretch in prison for financial impropriety, and her somewhat-unnecessary attempts to re-integrate him into society. Cynan Rees <cynanrees@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hart to Hart (19791984)Summaries The globe-trotting adventures of amateur detectives Jonathan and Jennifer Hart. Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner) was a self-made millionaire, the C.E.O. of Hart Industries, a global conglomerate. His gorgeous wife Jennifer (Stefanie Powers) was a freelance journalist. They were both amateur sleuths, and in every episode found themselves up to their eyeballs in murder, smuggling, theft, and international espionage. They also managed to find time to snuggle together, as they loved each other very much. Max (Lionel Stander) was their loyal, gravelly-voiced butler, cook, and chauffeur, and Freeway their pet canine. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner), a self-made millionaire and C.E.O. of Hart Industries, is happily married to the beautiful Jennifer Hart (Stephanie Powers), a freelance journalist. They live in a huge estate with their loving butler, Max (Lionel Stander) and have a Lowchen dog named Freeway, who is like a child to Jonathan and Jennifer. One can tell that the Harts, from being millionaires to going around the world, are not your average couple, but another interesting thing about them is that they seem to find murder or any kind of trouble wherever they go, whether it's on vacation or because they're trying to help bail out a friend. According to Max, murder is their hobby. However, as busy as they are, they still find lots of time for love and snuggles in-between, and keep their marriage full of love. Seneca Laurn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Machismo: 40 Graves for 40 Guns (1971)Summaries A Mexican bandit and his gang are offered a pardon and a cash reward if he will cross the border into America and bring back a gang of murderous gold thieves who robbed the local church and town. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 