nm0003835:

 Bleeding Iowa (1999)Summaries A convicted felon is set free by the FBI to unknowingly take part in a political assassination. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Frozen (I) (2005)Summaries It's two years since the mysterious disappearance of Kath Swarbrick's older sister Annie, but Kath remains haunted by a need to know what happened. When police investigations wind down, Kath continues the search herself. She gets nowhere until she steals some CCTV footage of her sister on her final day. Visiting the spot where Annie was filmed, Kath becomes convinced she has found a portal to another reality and from this portal Kath is trying to say something. A clue, perhaps? Or a warning? Those close to Kath are skeptical. They question her sanity, beg her to stop searching. But has Kath really found a way to access the afterlife? Or has she stumbled upon a dangerous truth? kerryjadekolbe@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Self Storage (1999)Summaries For years, Charlie has been relying on two things to get through life: his trust fund and charm. When both run dry, he's forced to move into a self-storage facility with his friend, Jay, a med school dropout. Convinced that their lives will only get better if they hit rock bottom first, Charlie and Jay embark on a quest in search of the "lowest point." Only the appearance of Mel, another young resident of the storage facility, forces the guys to confront the absurdity of their mission. Jonesy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Chronicles of Riddick: Into Pitch Black (2000 TV Movie)Summaries After the events of Pitch Black, a contractor is hired to locate Riddick, dead or alive. He reviews available information on him and the events of Pitch Black. Terrified, he hires a female cyberpunk merc to do the job for him. A policeman is assigned by his superior officer to find and apprehend escaped convict Richard B. Riddick, Riddick was being transported on-board space transport vessel "Hunter-Gratzner" carrying on-board 40 people, where a bounty hunter named Johns who captured him was escorting him to the penal colony "Slam City" and claim the bounty on his head. But the "Hunter-Gratzner" was struck by a meteor shower and crashed on a desert planet, where Riddick and 10 survivors were marooned. The policeman decides to hire a female bounty hunter to track down and capture Riddick alive. The female bounty hunter begins to suspect there is something more behind the "Hunter-Gratzner" incident and learns one of the survivors, Paris P. Ogilive was carrying on-board "Hunter-Gratzner" a priceless collection of artifacts and learns the back-stories of the 10 survivors as well as Riddick. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 