nm0011838:

 The Cool and the Crazy (1958)Summaries High school thug is front man for a local marijuana ring. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Magic Bond (1956)Summaries The Veterans of Foreign Wars as a fraternal and social organization, with emphasis on their projects that benefit community life and cohesion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Delinquents (1957)Summaries A frustrated young man, separated from his younger girlfriend, gets involved in a juvenile gang. Scotty White (age 19) must stop 'going steady' with Janice Wilson (age 16) when Janice's parents intervene. Frustrated, idle and without Janice's restraining influence, Scotty encounters Cholly and his band of disorganized, fun-loving delinquents. Soon he has Janice (who seems considerably the more mature of the two) mixed up in their doings, which begin to seem less and less like harmless fun... Rod Crawford <puffinus@u.washington.edu> High school senior Scotty White is a good kid. His mother worries about the influence of a local gang of trouble makers, they who cause a ruckus where ever they go, but his father trusts him to do the right thing if confronted by the gang. Scotty becomes despondent when the parents of his sixteen year old girlfriend Janice Wilson forbid the two from seeing each other. Mr. & Mrs. Wilson like Scotty but they feel Scotty and Janice are far too serious about each other than they should be at their tender ages. Out alone one evening, Scotty gets caught up with the gang when they help him out of an altercation where he was an innocent bystander. What Scotty does not know is that they were the initiators of that altercation. The gang is led by Cholly and Eddy, both thugs with a violent and sadistic streak. Eddy doesn't much like Scotty and does whatever he can to implicate Scotty in whatever wrongdoing. When things start to get out of hand with Cholly and Eddy, Scotty has to do something to get his life back while protecting Janice. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Terror at Black Falls (1962)Summaries In this western, a Mexican gunslinger is injured trying to save his son and put into prison. When he's released, he's got revenge on his mind. A Mexican youth is about to be hanged by a lynch mob for cattle rustling when his father, blundering an attempt to save his son, accidentally causes the hanging. This event is witnessed by a sheriff who, unknown to the father, had also come to rescue the youth. In the ensuing gunfight, the Mexican is wounded in his right hand. He serves 4 years in prison, and his hand is amputated; upon his release he seeks revenge on the sheriff who sent him to prison. He takes eight villagers as hostages and threatens to kill one every 10 minutes as long as the sheriff refuses to talk with him. After the Mexican has killed three of the eight hostages, the sheriff arrives. The Mexican tries to draw his gun with his right hand and in consequence is killed. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 