nm0000178:

 Under the Tuscan Sun (2003)44) A writer impulsively buys a villa in Tuscany in order to change her life. Frances Mayes is a San Francisco-based literature professor, literary reviewer and author, who is struggling in writing her latest book. Her outwardly perfect and stable life takes an unexpected turn when her husband files for divorce. He wants to marry the woman with whom he is having an affair. Frances supported her husband financially as he was writing his own book, and he sues her for alimony despite her financial difficulties. And he wants to keep the house. Frances eventually accepts her best friend Patti's offer of a vacation, a gay tour of Tuscany which Patti and her lesbian partner Grace originally purchased for themselves before Patti found out that she is pregnant. The gift is a means to escape dealing with the divorce, from which Patti feels Frances may never recover emotionally without some intervention. Feeling that Patti's assessment may be correct in that she has too much emotional baggage ever to return to San Francisco, Frances, while in Tuscany, impulsively ditches the tour to purchase an aged villa, which ends up being a fixer-upper. Frances has many obstacles in eking out a productive and happy life in her new surroundings, that happy life which she hopes will eventually include rediscovering romantic love. In a discussion with sympathetic real estate agent Signor Martini, Frances outlines what emotionally she wants to accomplish with the villa, despite none of those items in a substantive material sense currently being in her life. In response, Martini tells her the story of a set of railroad tracks that were laid between Vienna and Venice before an engine that could make the trek being built, a train which now regularly travels the route. The question becomes whether Frances, in going through the process, will be laying another Vienna to Venice track, and if so whether that end product emotionally will be exactly as she envisions. Huggo After Frances's seemingly happy San Francisco marriage ends abruptly, she goes into a funk. Urged by her friends to move on, she joins a bus tour of Tuscany where, on the spur of the moment, she buys a crumbling villa. She assembles a crew of oddballs and immigrants to repair the house; over the next year, as they work, she welcomes one of her San Francisco friends who's pregnant and at loose ends, and she seeks love, first (tenuously) with her married real estate agent, then with a charming stranger. Although life gets in the way of love, Frances's wishes come true in unexpected ways, and there's always the Tuscan sun. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Frances Mayes is a 35-year-old San Francisco writer whose perfect life has just taken an unexpected detour. Her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed, and her best friend, Patti, is beginning to think she might never recover. Frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful Tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew. Restoring her new home, she eventually finds the fulfillment she was searching for, including love. Baked_bean It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unfaithful (2002)431) A New York suburban couple's marriage goes dangerously awry when the wife indulges in an adulterous fling. Connie Sumner has a loving husband, a beautiful home, and a wonderful son, but she wants more. When she's approached one day by a handsome stranger while trying to hail a taxi, she becomes obsessed with him and eventually starts an affair. But her selfish actions soon catch up with her... Jango Edward and Connie Sumner, who live in a commuter suburb of New York City with their adolescent son Charlie, have a relatively happy eleven year marriage, although they both lead hectic day-to-day upper middle class lives away from each other that take away from their ability to spend time together. They decided to move from the city following Charlie's arrival into their lives. One day in the city, Connie meets younger Frenchman Paul Martel, a used book seller, by literally running into him. Although not looking for anything outside of her marriage, Connie finds that she can't stop thinking about Paul, and despite she looking for and receiving validation of the strength of her marriage to and from Edward, she and Paul embark on a passionate affair punctuated with light S&M, the affair about which she feels both constant excitement and guilt. Over time, Edward begins to find clues both that all is not all right in their marriage and that Connie's stories about her day-to-day goings-on do not add up to the truth. If Edward does find out about Connie's affair, Paul who Connie had previously mentioned to him as the white knight who helped her during a crisis, the questions become what Edward will do, both about Paul and about his marriage to Connie, he who has implied through previous action with someone much less important in his life that loyalty is paramount to him, and what the consequences of any of his actions will be. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ed and Connie Sumner are a middle-aged couple with an 8-year old son and a nice big house in the suburbs. They seem genuinely in love with each other even after 11 years of marriage. Ed runs his own trucking company; Connie does charitable fundraising which requires occasional commutes into New York City. On one of these trips it is so windy that people are literally being blown around, and Connie collides with a young man named Paul Martel, and falls and scrapes her knee. Paul invites her to his apartment for a band-aid. This leads to a phone call and visit next time she is in the city, then trips into the city for the sole purpose of seeing Paul, and soon they are having a full-blown affair. Ed notices the awkwardness in the relationship almost immediately, and his suspicions are further aroused when he catches Connie in a lie, and when a fired employee insinuates that there are things about Ed's family that he is not aware of. Finally he hires a private investigator, who soon furnishes pictures of Connie and Paul together. Ed goes to Paul's apartment, and during the discussion that follows, he sees a gift he had once given Connie that she recently gave Paul. Ed loses his composure and hits Paul over the head, killing him. He then wraps Paul's body in a carpet, wipes clean everything he has touched, and cleans all the blood off the floor. While he is doing this, Connie calls and leaves a message on Paul's answering machine that she wants to end the affair. Ed loads the carpet with Paul's body into the trunk of his car, and later dumps it in a landfill. Now it is Connie who senses awkwardness in their relationship. Cops visit investigating Paul's disappearance, because they found Connie's name and address in his apartment. Some time later, after the body is found, they come again. She is evasive, trying to conceal that she knew Paul at all, and the cops easily pick up the inconsistencies in her story. Ed surprises her by lying to the police to corroborate her story. After she finds the pictures from the private investigator, the two finally come clean with each other. Ed offers to turn himself in, but Connie dissuades him, saying that they can get through this together and get on with their lives. The movie ends with the two of them in love with each other as they were at the beginning. 
 Inside Out (I) (2015)761) After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Like all of us, Riley is guided by her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness. The emotions live in Headquarters, the control center inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life. As Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in San Francisco, turmoil ensues in Headquarters. Although Joy, Riley's main and most important emotion, tries to keep things positive, the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Pixar When a young girl named Riley is uprooted from her Midwestern lifestyle and moves to the busy and chaotic San Francisco, her emotions; Anger, Sadness, Disgust, Fear, and (her most important emotion) Joy, start to disagree on how to deal with this dramatic change, which causes problems up in Headquarters, the central living and working place for the five emotions. But, an accident involving Riley's happy memories changes her entire outlook. Joy and Sadness need to find her memories and return them to Headquarters before it's too late. All of us have various brain functions that govern our response to various situations. The functions responsible for Happiness, Sadness, Fear, Anger and Disgust are characterized and the details of the activities they do to run the life of a young girl Riley right from her birth is what drives the story. When a sudden change in the life of Riley upsets their rhythm, they try to control the situation too much, which creates more confusion for her. Their adventures in an attempt to restore normalcy is what forms the crux of this movie. PipingHotViews [Shriram] Emotions run wild in the mind of a little girl who is uprooted from her peaceful life in the Midwest and forced to move to San Francisco in this Pixar adventure from director Pete Docter (Up, Monsters Inc.). Young Riley was perfectly content with her life when her father landed a new job in San Francisco, and the family moved across the country. Now, as Riley prepares to navigate a new city and attend a new school, her emotional headquarters becomes a hot bed of activity. As Joy (voice of Amy Poehler) attempts to keep Riley feeling happy and positive about the move, other emotions like Fear (voice of Bill Hader), Anger (voice of Lewis Black), Disgust (voice of Mindy Kaling) and Sadness (Phyllis Smith) make the transition a bit more complicated. Out of the blue, the cheerful eleven-year-old Minnesota girl and hockey aficionado, Riley, finds her world turn upside down, when her parents decide to make a fresh start in San Francisco. As a result, with Riley struggling to cope with the new reality, her young mind's emotional headquarters--where the fundamental feelings of Joy, Sadness, Anger, Disgust, and Fear reside--are forced to work double time. Now, as the situation spirals out of control, and desperate Joy tries her best to troubleshoot the unprecedented problem, something starts to happen in Riley's core memory sector. Will things get back to normal? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Riley is a girl born in Minnesota. Five emotions live inside her head. They are responsible for her actions and make her memories. The memories are kept as balls. They each give a different color depending on the emotion of the memory. The most important memories are core memories that power islands of personality. They reflect a different aspect of Riley's life. Joy makes Riley happy. Fear keeps her safe. Disgust prevents her from being poisoned, physically and socially. Anger makes her life fair. Sadness however, doesn't seem to have a purpose. She's ignored as a result. Riley turns eleven. Her parents move to San Francisco. Sadness has a magical touch. When she touches a memory, it turns sad and blue, and it can't be changed back to what it was before. Joy forbids Sadness from touching any more memories until she finds out what's going on. The first day at the new school, Joy has Sadness stand inside a circle so she can't spread her gloominess. Riley talks about her life in Minnesota. Joy brings up a memory and has it played on a projector in Riley's head. Sadness wanders outside her circle and touches the memory, turning it sad. While the emotions are trying to remove the memory from the projector, Sadness takes control of the console, making Riley cry in front of her classmates. A new core memory is created. This core memory is sad and blue. Riley's only had happy core memories before. Joy sees sad memories as a bad thing. She tries to get rid of it. Sadness tries to stop her, saying it's a core memory. In their struggle, all the core memories are knocked from the holder they're kept in. Joy, Sadness and the core memories are sucked up the tube, into the far depths of Riley's mind. Joy and Sadness are in Long Term Memory, a labyrinth of corridors of shelves of memories. They meet Riley's former imaginary friend Bing Bong, who's desperate to reconnect with Riley. He says the Train of Thought can take them back to Headquarters. Their journey takes them through Abstract Thought and Imagination Land. Parts of Preschool World are being demolished, Princess Dream World and the Stuffed Animal Hall of Fame. Mind workers are taking Bing Bong's song-powered rocket to the Memory Dump, a deep pit where obsolete memories are erased. A plow pushes the rocket into the dump. Bing Bong is really upset over the loss of his rocket. He's completely unresponsive when Joy tries to cheer him up. Sadness listens to what Bing Bong has to say. He and Riley had great adventures together. They were best friends. It's sad. Bing Bong hugs Sadness. He cries candy. He's okay now. He continues to take the emotions to the train station. Joy wonders how did Sadness do that? In Headquarters, Fear, Anger and Disgust try to take charge in Joy's absence. They're unable to make Riley happy. Dinner ends in disaster. The father sends Riley to her room for her rude, disrespectful behavior. Later that evening, the father can't cheer Riley up with his monkey noises. Riley dumps her best friend and quits hockey. Goofball Island, Friendship Island and Hockey Island fall into the Memory Dump. Anger comes up with the idea: Riley's happy core memories were made in Minnesota. The only way for her to be happy is to return there and make more. Joy, Sadness and Bing Bong are on the Train of Thought. Unfortunately, the train does not run while Riley's asleep. They enter Dream Productions. Joy's idea is to wake Riley up with exhilaration, excite her awake. A dog costume, Joy is in the front. Sadness is in the back. Bing Bong lets down a brightly colored curtain and balloons. The dog costume is ripped in half, but due to the reality distortion filter, it looks as if a real dog has split in two in the dream. Despite all this, Riley stays asleep. Security men capture Bing Bong and take him to the Subconscious, a place where they keep Riley's deepest, darkest fears. Bing Bong is trapped in a cage of balloons, on the belly of a giant, sleeping birthday clown named Jangles. Joy frees Bing Bong. Before they leave, Joy and Sadness wake up Jangles who chases them into Dream Productions. Fear is on dream duty. The sight of Jangles really scares him and wakes up Riley. The train is running again. Bing Bong picks out a memory. It's the time in the twisty tree. Mom and Dad and the hockey team are cheering Riley. Sadness loves this memory too. "It was the day the Prairie Dogs lost the big playoff game. Riley missed the winning shot. She felt awful. She wanted to quit." Anger carries out his idea to run away. Riley is led to steal her mother's credit card to pay for her travel expenses. Honesty Island crumbles. The crumbling island bashes into the railway line of the Train of Thought. The train crashes against Long Term Memory. Mind workers rescue Joy, Sadness and Bing Bong from the train, before it falls into the Memory Dump. The three characters find a recall tube. When Sadness tries to get in the tube, the core memories start to turn blue. Joy thinks Riley should be happy. She closes the tube and starts to get sucked up, leaving Sadness and Bing Bong behind. As Long Term Memory crumbles and breaks away, the recall tube shatters. Joy and Bing Bong fall into the Memory Dump. Joy finds the sad core memory. She looks back over Riley's obsolete memories. She just wanted Riley to be happy. She picks up the twisty tree memory and rewinds it to find it's sad at the beginning. Sadness' words echo "It was the day the Prairie Dogs lost the big playoff game. Riley missed the winning shot. She felt awful. She wanted to quit." Mom and Dad and the team, they came to help because of Sadness. Joy and Bing Bong find the song-powered rocket. They try to use it to escape the dump, but the rocket falls short each time. The third time they power up the rocket, Bing Bong gets out of the rocket at the last second, allowing Joy to escape the dump. Bing Bong thanks Joy for letting him be important one last time, before fading away. In Headquarters, the emotions discover running away was a bad idea. Family Island, the last remaining island starts to break apart and fall. The console starts to shut itself down and become inactive. Riley becomes completely unresponsive to the emotions' commands. They can't make Riley feel anything. They're also unable to remove the idea bulb to run away. Joy looks around for Sadness, but Sadness now believes her actions only hurt Riley. She's floating around on a rain cloud. The imaginary boyfriend generator, imaginary boyfriend says he would die for Riley. It's time for him to prove it. Joy has the machine make lots of copies of imaginary boyfriends. She unties a balloon and lets the air out, blowing it towards Sadness so her cloud floats towards Headquarters. Joy builds a ladder of imaginary boyfriends. She's standing on top of the ladder. She lets the ladder fall down. She bounces off a Family Island trampoline. She's flying through the air over the Memory Dump. She grabs Sadness. The two emotions hit against the window of Headquarters. Anger throws a chair at the window. The window does not break. Disgust provokes Anger so that he gets really angry. He's the Anger emotion. When he's really angry, fire bursts from his head. Disgust uses his flaming head to burn a hole in the window and let Joy and Sadness in. Sadness is magically able to remove the idea bulb, so Riley comes home. Joy allows Sadness to touch the core memories so they all turn sad. She allows Sadness to play the sad memories in the projector in Riley's head. Sadness takes control of the console. A tearful Riley admits she misses Minnesota. She wants her old friends and her hockey team. The parents need her to be happy, but she wants to go home. The parents are not angry. They miss Minnesota too, the woods where they took hikes, the backyard where she used to play and Spring Lake where she learned to skate. The parents hug Riley deeply. Sadness takes Joy's hand and they both press a button together. A new core memory is created. This core memory is yellow and blue, happy and sad. Sadness has finally found a place to work alongside her fellow emotions. They have a new expanded console. The core memories are a mixture of emotions now. Riley has new friends and a new house. She's twelve now. What could happen? 
 The Outsiders (1983)761) The rivalry between two gangs, the poor Greasers and the rich Socs, only heats up when one gang member kills a member of the other. Tulsa, Oklahoma, 1965. Fourteen-year-old Ponyboy Curtis is the youngest of three orphaned brothers who live on the north side of town, the "wrong side" of the tracks. Sensitive Ponyboy used to have a good relationship with his oldest brother Darrel, but since Darrel became the household caregiver, he is always on Ponyboy's case. Caught in the middle is third brother Sodapop, who dropped out of school to work full time. They all belong to The Greasers, a gang of boys from the north side also from working class families, often broken. Ponyboy's main concern is that any problem they may encounter, especially in their Greaser activities, will lead to the authorities splitting up their family. He also believes Darrel would have outgrown them and become something in his life if it wasn't for his loyalty to the gang, and the need to take care of the family. The rest of the world sees the Greasers as all the same, the face being Dallas Winston, the most volatile one who has just been released from prison, despite each boy having his own specific view of life. Similarly, the world sees the Socs, the Greasers' primary rivals, as all the same, rich spoiled entitled boys with a sense of superiority from the south side of town, despite again each boy being his own person. A connection between the two gangs happens in the form of Ponyboy and Cherry Valance, which doesn't sit well with Cherry's Soc boyfriend, Bob Sheldon. As a result, an incident occurs involving the Socs, Ponyboy and fellow Greaser, sixteen-year-old Johnny Cade, an equally sensitive boy who wants a better life for himself, but seems stuck in a downward spiral with parents who don't give him the time of day. Beyond Ponyboy and Johnny's lives being threatened by that incident, the Greasers and the Socs agree to a rumble to settle things once and for all. Some of the boys realize the rumble will accomplish nothing, with the questions being if they can convince their colleagues of the same, and if not what the consequences will be. Huggo Based on the book by S.E. Hinton, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Ponyboy Curtis, the youngest of a clan that was poor in the east side of town known as "Greasers", is a guy with good grades and is very sensitive. He lives with his two older brothers, Sodapop and Darry, jokester Two-Bit, Soda's friend, Steve, the toughest, Dally, and weakling, Johnny. The seven have had a longtime rivalry with another clan in the west known as the "Socs", that consist of Randy, Bob, Cherry, and Marcia. One night, after Pony and Johnny are ambushed, they decide to hide out of town when Bob gets killed. Then they realize they must hide from everybody else before things get arwy almost immediately. It is 1965, and Tulsa, Oklahoma is divided in two along social lines. The youths of each side form gangs in line with these two camps: the working class Greasers and the wealthier South Side gang, the Socs. The two sides use any opportunity to niggle each other and whenever they meet, there is friction. Then one night, a gang of Socs attack two Greasers, Johnny (Ralph Macchio) and Ponyboy (C. Thomas Howell), and Johnny kills one of the Socs with a knife. This sets off a chain of events. grantss Under everyone's noses, war is brewing in 1960s Tulsa, Oklahoma. On the one hand, the tough, working-class Greasers from the other side of the tracks are looking for a better world, while on the other hand, the Socials, or Socs, privileged, bored-to-death college boys, have got it all figured out. Then, against the backdrop of a sinister undercurrent of simmering violence, someone knifes to death a cocky Soc, and two Greasers go on the lam. Now, the already tenuous truce is at stake, and only an angry rumble between the two teen gangs will sort out the men from the boys. But, when you're sixteen, there are so many things you haven't seen or done yet. What difference will it make if either one of them wins that fight tonight? Nick Riganas The tension between two groups: The Greasers and The Socs puts Ponyboy Curtis and his best friend Johnny Cade in a bad spot. One night at the movies, Ponyboy and Johnny fall in love with Sherri "Cherry" Valance and Marcia, once they get Dally Winston, the toughest and meanest of the Greasers to stop attempting to "score" with the girls. Cherry and Marcia are from the snobbish, popular, and rich group, the Socs. Corey Semple <AdamSandler's8SexyNights> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Ponyboy Curtis (C. Thomas Howell) sitting at his desk in his room, writing. He talks about walking home from the movies one night. As he is bouncing and messing with a ball, he recites parts of the movie that he's just seen when a group of guys pull up in a red Corvair. They start to call him a greaser because he has greasy hair, and he tries to evade them. They're the Socials, clean-cut teens dressed in Varsity letter jackets and chinos, also known as the rich kids or the South Side Socs. The Socs stop, get out, and attack Pony, knocking him to the ground as he struggles. The soc on top of Pony puts his knees on Pony's elbows, asking, "How would you like that haircut to begin just below the neck?" Ponyboy struggles but is unable to unpin himself. As the socs try and shut him up, the knife accidentally slips and cuts his head slightly. Hearing his screams, Pony's older brothers, Darrel (Patrick Swayze) and Sodapop (Rob Lowe) and the rest of their gang, Johnny Cade (Ralph Macchio), Dallas Winston (Matt Dillion), Steve Randall (Tom Cruise), and Two-Bit Matthews (Emilio Estevez) come to his rescue, chasing off the Socs. Darrel, Sodapop, and Ponyboy lost their parents in a car crash. Darrel, a high school grad with a job, acts as the father figure. Soda is a dropout who works at a gas station. The three are allowed to live together without parental supervision as long as they stay out of trouble. Pony is still in high school at Darry's insistence and is actually a good student, earning good grades. However, Pony is often absent-minded, getting into trouble when he doesn't let his older brothers know where he is after dark and other small slips. Darry is very protective of his two younger brothers, more so with Pony, since they are all still reeling from the trauma of losing their parents. Dallas, Johnny, and Ponyboy go to a drive-in movie and sit in the bleachers. Cherry (Diane Lane) quarrels with her Soc date and leaves his car, going to sit in front of the greasers with her friend . Dallas tries to chat her up but Cherry seems to connect more with Ponyboy and Johnny. Dallas finally says something offensive and Cherry, unafraid of his tough-guy attitude, tells him to shut his mouth. When Dallas reaches for her, Johnny stops him, being the only member of the group able to do so. Spurned, Dallas stalks off. Pony goes with Cherry to the concession stand. While waiting in line, they talk about their respective friends. Pony's view is that he and his friends are persecuted by the Socs because they're poor, dress differently and are often considered delinquents. Cherry counters, saying that her group has their own problems, ones that the greasers couldn't even imagine. Back at their seats, Two-Bit joins the group and after the movie ends, the three boys and two girls walk together chatting. Cherry's boyfriend, Bob, stops in his car nearby. He's drunk and harshly admonishes her for hanging out with the greasers. Two-Bit immediately pulls out the butterfly knife he carries and smashes the end off a bottle to use as a weapon. To avoid a violent fight, Cherry reluctantly goes with Bob. While they walk past Johnny's house, they hear Johnny's parents having a violent fight. Johnny decides he's going to sleep out in the vacant lot near his house until his parents stop fighting. When he arrives home, Ponyboy is harshly reprimanded by Darry for staying out so late. When his brother tries to stop the argument, Darry pushes Pony a bit too hard, spilling him to the floor. Pony runs out of the house despite Darry's attempts to apologize and he finds Johnny in the vacant lot. Still very much upset, Pony gets Johnny to walk to the local park with him. Not long after, the Socs find Ponyboy and Johnny in the park, still angry about the greasers trying to pick up Cherry and her friend. They mock both Pony and Johnny for having long, greasy hair and Pony throws an insult back. The Socs are further provoked when Pony spits at them and tries to run, making it as far as the park's fountain. The Socs knock Johnny to the ground and dunk Ponyboy's head in the water, nearly drowning him. Johnny pulls out a switchblade to stop them. Bob is left dead and everyone flees. Johnny, unusually calm only a few minutes after he kills Bob, decides that he and Pony should find Dallas, who will be able to help them in their predicament. They go to a house where Dallas had been partying with an old friend (a cameo by singer Tom Waits) and talk to him about hiding out. Dallas gives them instructions to board a train to a small village called Windrixville where they can hide out in an abandoned church. Johnny and Ponyboy hop a freight train and make their way, break into the church, and fall asleep. The next morning Johnny comes back with bologna and bread, cigarettes, a paperback copy of "Gone With the Wind" and, oddly, a bottle of peroxide. Pony is puzzled by the last item until Johnny tells him that they should cut their hair and dye Pony's blonde so they can't fit the descriptions the police will have for them. Johnny also mentions that if they have to appear before a judge, that the judge will order them to get their hair cut anyway. They cut their hair with Johnny's switchblade and Ponyboy dyes his blond. The two hide out in the church for several days, waiting for word from Dallas. The two spend several days playing cards, betting with cigarettes, Pony reads "Gone With the Wind" to Johnny, and they try to trap a rabbit. One morning, Pony wakes up early and sees the valley below the church in the sunrise, admiring its beauty. He recites a Robert Frost poem, "Nothing Gold Can Stay" that Johnny takes to heart. A few days later Dallas arrives and takes them out to eat. He tells Ponyboy about how the police are looking for Bob's killer, even hauling Dallas himself in for questioning. Soda and Darry are both worried about Pony's disappearance but Dallas has assured them that the two are safe. Johnny wants to turn himself in as it sounds like they can claim self-defense, but Dallas tries to discourage him, warning him of what can happen if Johnny gets jail time. On returning to the church, they find it burning and a group of young kids milling about with two adults and a school bus. The woman exclaims some kids are trapped inside. Johnny and Ponyboy feel responsible, thinking that one of them must've dropped a lit cigarette that sparked the fire. Over Dallas' harsh objection, they enter to rescue the kids, Dallas reluctantly following. They find the kids in a back room and carry them to safety, Dallas helping out. Suddenly the roof collapses and Johnny is badly burnt and his back is broken. Dallas pulls both of them to safety. EMS finally arrives and takes them back to their hometown and the hospital. The boys are all hailed as heroes, and Ponyboy is tearfully reunited with Darrel and Sodapop. The Socs and Greasers plan a big rumble to settle things after the death of Bob, and Cherry acts as the go-between: No knives or other weapons; fighting will only be hand-to-hand. Two-Bit and Pony go to the hospital to visit Dallas and Johnny. Johnny is suffering from horrible burns and is in traction, laying on his chest, seemingly paralyzed. The visit is very emotional and Johnny becomes very upset when a nurse tells him that his mother has come to visit. He doesn't want to see her, as he feels she doesn't care about him. He orders the nurse (a cameo by the novel's author, SE Hinton) to send her away, and faints. Pony and Two-Bit leave, shaken by the encounter. When they visit Dallas, he is arguing with a nurse. Dallas asks about Johnny and they tell him the outcome doesn't look promising. Dallas is desperate to join the big rumble and asks Two-Bit for his knife, talking about revenge for Johnny's sake. On the night of the rumble, despite signs of exhaustion, Ponyboy wants to go. Darrell reluctantly lets him participate, telling him and Soda to run if cops arrive. The Socs arrive and the big rumble gets underway in a heavy rainstorm as the groups pair off and start slugging. Both sides get their licks in but after a while the Socs retreat, the Greasers whooping with delight at their victory. Just before the first punch is thrown, Dallas arrives, having left the hospital. When the fight ends, Dallas grabs Pony and they drive to the hospital to see Johnny, who is weaker than ever. On the way, Dallas tells Pony to stay tough and nothing will ever faze him. When they arrive, Dallas tells Johnny that the Socs have been driven out of their territory for good. Johnny seems not to care and tells Pony to "stay gold". Johnny dies and Dallas becomes incredibly upset, dry-firing a pistol at a doctor and babbling madly before he runs off. Pony heads home to find Darrell and the rest of the gang nursing their wounds. He tells them that Johnny died and Dallas tore off in a fury. While Pony worries that Dallas will do something crazy, Dallas holds up a convenience store and is shot and wounded. He calls Pony's house, asking for a place to hide from the police. The cops chase him and shoot him when he waves the unloaded gun at them. The police open fire and his friends arrive just as he dies; his last word is "Pony". Pony faints from exhaustion. At the trial Cherry gives her testimony and Ponyboy is declared not guilty. Back at school Ponyboy is now neatly dressed and coiffed; Cherry ignores him and a teacher gives him an extension to finish his writing assignment. At home Darrel rides Ponyboy as Sodapop runs off into the night. The three brothers reunite and Sodapop tells Darrel to stop being so hard on Ponyboy, the three only have each other and they all need to get along. They have a group hug and return home. At home at his desk, Ponyboy sits down and begins to write his story, starting with the moment he left the movie theater: "When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I only had two things on my mind: Paul Newman, and a ride home", the first line from Hinton's novel. 