nm0005315:

 Say Anything (1989)651) A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college. High school senior Lloyd Dobler wants nothing more than to go out with beautiful and intelligent Diane Court. Lloyd attempts to win her heart over the objections of her over-protective father before Diane leaves for a scholarship in England. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Diane Court and Lloyd Dobler have just graduated from Lakewood High School in Seattle. Overachieving Diane, who probably does not realize how beautiful she is, was the class valedictorian. She strives for excellence in everything she does as a natural course, resulting in not having a social life, although she could probably get any boy she wanted despite feeling socially awkward herself. She lives with her divorced father, Jim Court, who owns a nursing home, who dotes on Diane and who does whatever he needs to validate her being the best. Diane receiving a prestigious fellowship to study in England in the fall is just the latest validation that she indeed is at the top of the pyramid. An army brat, Lloyd recently returned to the US to finish high school, he now living with his single mother sister Constance while their parents remain stationed in Germany. Lloyd, who does kick-boxing as a hobby, has no career aspirations, only knowing that he wants to do something great. His only short term aspiration is to date Diane, despite the improbability, it generally seen that she is out of his league. With the fellowship in hand, Diane lets her social guard down for the first time in her life in accepting Lloyd's offer of a date, despite she not even knowing who he is. Following that date, Lloyd wants to spend as much time with Diane in the next sixteen weeks before she leaves. Diane, who likes Lloyd and who finds that she now regrets not having that social life with her high school colleagues, has to decide if Lloyd does fit into her life at this crucial time just before she is about to leave. What happens is also dependent on her father, not only in he perhaps seeing any boy, but even more one like Lloyd who does not have the same future outlook as he has for Diane being merely a distraction, but something that happens in his own life. Lloyd figuring out what that something great as something to do may also factor into what happens. Huggo The unambitious teenager Lloyd Dobler has a crush on the gorgeous bookworm Diane Court and decides to invite her to date him in the high-school graduation party and she accepts. Lloyd is living with his sister Constance and has no plan for his future. The objective Diane lives with her father James Court, who is the owner of a retirement home, and has just received a scholarship from a British college. Soon they fall in love with each other but James is investigated by the IRS agents and convinces Diane to break up with Lloyd and travel to England. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An improbable couple meets after high school graduation and must deal with their friends, family, and other pressures just to stay together. Lloyd Dobler is an average kickboxer with a good heart but limited ambition. Diane Court is an aloof genius who is very closely protected by her father. When Diane gets a scholarship to study in England, she has a weighty decision to make. Jeremy Rasmussen <jr@intrepid.uunet.uu.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is graduation day, 1988, for a Seattle high school. Lloyd Dobler tells his girl friends Corey and DC that he is going to ask out class valedictorian Diane Court. They tell him he is crazy, because she is a "brain" and he is not. As Diane is getting driven to graduation by her father, she is practicing her speech. Her father, James, is extremely supportive, telling her that it is funny and everyone is bound to love it. At graduation, Diane's speech is a bit of a bomb. Nobody laughs and the only people in the audience who appear to be interested in it are Lloyd and Diane's father. In the speech, she talks about how she is fearful of the future. Lloyd keeps telling his friends about how much he loves Diane's eyes. After graduation, we see Diane receive a new car from her father as a graduation present. Meanwhile, Lloyd gets his friends to take a photograph of him as he walks behind Diane. Later that day, Lloyd gets the courage to call Diane. He invites her to a graduation party, and much to his surprise she agrees, even though it is unclear if she even remembers who he is. After the phone call, she is shown looking into her yearbook, and expressing surprise when she sees Lloyd's picture. Shortly afterwards, Diane's father gets a letter explaining that Diane has won a fellowship that will allow her to go to university in England. She will therefore be leaving in 16 weeks. Apparently this fellowship is only given to one student in America, so this is a huge honor. Lloyd picks her up for the party wearing a khaki trench coat. She is wearing a white skirt and matching blazer with a purple flower in her hair. Lloyd meets Diane's father and is very gentlemanly and polite. Upon arrival at the party, people are intrigued by the fact that Lloyd has shown up with Diane Court. It appears as if this is the first time that Diane has ever socialized with anyone, and they seem pleased that she showed up. It seems that while her classmates admired her, very few know her level at all. Lloyd is given the task of "keymaster", which means he has to spend the entire party holding a bag of car keys; he can only give them back to the drivers if they are sober. Diane and Lloyd do not spend the party next to each other, but at various points, Lloyd does check up on Diane, which she seems somewhat pleased by. When the party ends, there is one kid who is too drunk to drive. Diane and Lloyd drive him home, but it takes them three hours to find the guy's house. Lloyd doesn't end up delivering Diane home until dawn. The two do not kiss on this first "date", and her father is not upset by the late return, because she had called him while at the party to let him know where she was. It is clear by this point, that Diane likes Lloyd more than anyone might have expected. They arrange a second date: a dinner party with Diane's father and some of his colleagues from a senior citizen home, which he manages. Lloyd's friend Corey tells him to keep his mouth shut during dinner, which he mostly seems to do. At one point, Diane and her father tell a story about when Diane tried to board a plane once, but got so scared that her father had to tell the pilot to turn the plane around before it took off. Lloyd remarks that he is amazed by the closeness of Diane and her father: that he has nothing like that in his life. When asked what his dreams are for the future, however, he disappoints the adults by not having any ambitious dreams. He tells them that he just wants to spend as much time as possible with Diane and is interested in kickboxing. Midway through the dinner, two men come to the door to inform Mr. Court that he is under investigation from the IRS. He gets agitated and tells them to visit him at his office. The film progresses with scenes showing us that Lloyd and Diane are gradually getting more and more friendly with each other. At the same time, it is clear that there is a considerable stress surrounding the IRS investigation. Diane tells Lloyd that she is just too stressed out to get into anything deep with Lloyd. They agree to be "friends with potential." This status changes while Lloyd is teaching Diane how to drive stick shift. She is barely catching on, but enjoying the process. At one point, the two get quite close and Lloyd plants a kiss on her, which she accepts. They kiss a few more times and then decide to drive to somewhere more private. Eventually, we see Diane and Lloyd parked in Lloyd's car by the sea. The two appear to have had sex underneath some blankets in the back seat. Diane remarks how Lloyd is shaking. She thinks it is because he is cold, but he explains it is because he is so happy. On the radio is Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes". She tells him to listen to the song, because it is so nice. In the morning, Diane arrives home to a dad who is quite upset with her. Unlike the previous all-nighter, she failed to call him this time around. At this point she mentions how she feels free to "say anything" to her dad, and so tells her dad everything about her and Lloyd's relationship. She explains that she first wanted to avoid doing anything serious like sex with him, but in the end, she decided to go for it. While her father isn't upset at her, he clearly isn't thrilled to be hearing this from his daughter. This added strain between Diane and her father seems too much for her to handle. Her father suggests that she break up with Lloyd, to help make her life simpler. He suggests that she could give him something for him to remember her by, such as a pen, which he gives her. Next time we see Diane and Lloyd driving around, she breaks up with him. She is clearly upset about doing this, but goes through with it, and does give him the pen before exiting his car. Lloyd is quite upset. He leaves seven messages on her machine and in what is the iconic scene, stands outside her bedroom window playing Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes" from a boom box which he holds above his head. Diane hears this, but only lies in her bed. Lloyd calls her one more time. We watch as Diane and her father listen to Lloyd's message. From Diane's reaction, it is clear that she is still very much attracted to Lloyd. Her father tells her to just pick up the phone, but she replies that if she did, she would just get back together with Lloyd. Eventually, she can't resist and picks up the phone, but just as Lloyd hangs up. By now the IRS investigation is heating up. Diane goes to the investigator's offices and demands that someone tell her what is going on. The man tells her that they believe that Mr. Court has been stealing money from the residents at the senior home when they die. He then hides the money in the form of cash and collectibles in the house. Diane is shocked and does not believe it. She goes home and starts searching the house for the supposed cash. Meanwhile, we the audience are able to see that the house is filled with the kinds of collectibles that the investigator tells her about. Prominently displayed is a Wurlitzer jukebox, which we previously learned cost Mr. Court $9,000. There is a Persian rug, and Diane stops to notice the fancy ring that her dad gave her as a graduation present. Eventually she opens up an antique box that her dad kept in his office, and discovers a stash of thousands of dollars. She confronts her dad, who tries to deny it. She is angry that, while she always told her father "anything" he is unwilling to come clean. He breaks down and admits that he was taking their money. He tries to justify it by saying that it was all done for the sake of Diane. While Lloyd is engaged in a kickboxing training match at the gym, Diane comes by to ask for forgiveness. She tells him that she loves him. Meanwhile, we see two lawyers negotiate a deal. Mr. Court will be fined and serve a year of prison time, starting immediately. We next see Lloyd meeting Mr. Court in prison. Diane is in the car, while Lloyd hands over a letter. It appears as if Diane is about to go to England. Surprisingly, we also learn that Lloyd is going to go to England with her. Eventually, Diane comes out of the car and does finally hug her father goodbye. Before leaving, she tells him to write her, and leaves the pen she had previously given Lloyd in her father's hands. The film ends with Diane and Lloyd on a plane together. A previous scene in the film indicated that Diane has never flown, and is very fearful of the experience. Lloyd tries to calm her down by telling her that most accidents happen in the first minutes of a flight. As soon as the "fasten seatbelt" sign goes off and a "ding" sounds, though, he tells her that everything is OK. The two are shown holding hands anxiously awaiting the ding. At the point that we hear the ding, the screen goes black, and the credits roll. 
 Serendipity (2001)651) A couple search for each other years after the night they first met, fell in love, and separated, convinced that one day they'd end up together. Jonathan Trager and Sara Thomas met while shopping for gloves in New York. Though buying for their respective lovers, the magic was right and a night of Christmas shopping turned into romance. Jon wanted to explore things further but Sara wasn't sure their love was meant to be. They decided to test fate by splitting up and seeing if destiny brought them back together... Many years later, having lost each other that night, both are engaged to be married. Still, neither can shake the need to give fate one last chance to reunite them. Jon enlists the help of his best man to track down the girl he can't forget starting at the store where they met. Sara asks her new age musician fiance for a break before the wedding and, with her best friend in tow, flies from California to New York hoping destiny will bring her soulmate back. Near-misses and classic Shakespearean confusion bring the two close to meeting a number of times but fate will have the final word on whether it was meant to be. Lordship <lordship@juno.com> While each grabbing for the last pair of black cashmere gloves at Bloomingdale's in New York, Sara Thomas and Jonathan Trager meet. Despite each being in a relationship with other people at the time, they spend an amazing afternoon together. Jonathan wants her contact information "just in case", but Sara, a fatalist, plays games of fate with Jonathan to determine if they are indeed meant to be together now or in the future. At the end of the day, the two only have a few pieces of information about the other, which does not include the other's last name or telephone number as they part company. One of Sara's last games of fate that day has each leaving a identifier to the other (Jonathan and Sara scrawl their full name and telephone number on a $5 bill and a used book, respectively), which if each comes into the possession of the other by happenstance, Sara believes they are meant to be together. A few years later, Jonathan is engaged and soon to be married to a woman named Halley. Concurrently, Sara, now living in San Francisco, has too just gotten engaged to Lars, a new ageist musician. However, the thought of Sara is foremost in Jonathan's mind. Sara too is thinking about Jonathan rather than Lars. As Jonathan's wedding day approaches, Jonathan, with his best friend Dean at his side, uses a methodical approach to locate Sara. On the other hand, Sara, with her best friend Eve at her side, uses a more fatalistic approach to finding Jonathan. Will either of their search efforts result in success, especially before Jonathan's scheduled wedding? Huggo Jonathan is shopping at Bloomingdales for the perfect Christmas gift. Ironically, so is Sara. They both grab the last pair of black gloves, forcing them to look up from the chaos. Meeting by chance, they have an incredible night out together. Realizing they're both in committed relationships, they part ways... but not before giving fate a chance to prove they're truly meant to be together. Years go by and both Jonathan and Sara have found love with other people. While planning their weddings, the universe keeps sending them signs reminding each of them about that one night in New York. This leaves both of them questioning their current relationships. The curiosity of "what might have been" has both Sara and Jonathan searching for answers. No matter how hard they look or try to figure things out for themselves, the ultimate decision is left in fates hands. Carrie DeCosta Jonathan Tragger meets Sara Thomas by chance in the Christmas eve, in Bloomingdale's, both trying to buy the unique pair of black gloves available for sale. They decide to go to the cafeteria Serendipity and Jonathan asks for her name and phone. Sara decides to write it in a book, and his on a five dollars bill. She gives the bill to a newspaperman and she says that she would sell the book in a New York used books store. She states that if destiny wants them two together, Jonathan will get that book back. Or she will receive that bill again. From this day on, Jonathan will 'chase' Sara's book trying to reach his lost love. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Can once in a lifetime happen twice? When Jonathan and Sara meet for the first time, there's a definite attraction between the two of them, but they're both attached. Sara is a big believer in "meant to be", and when she gives Jonathan her phone number only to have the wind blow the number from his hand, she sees this as a sign that the two of them are not meant to be together - at least not right now. Years pass, and now Jonathan (John Cusack) is engaged to marry someone else. He loves his fiancee, but suddenly he's thinking a lot about Sara. Across the country, Sara (Kate Beckinsale) has also just gotten engaged, but she's starting to wonder about Jonathan. They're both starting to wonder what might have been. The two launch a search to find one another, armed with very little information about the other - they don't even know each other's last name, let alone an address or phone number. The plot twists as the two try to find one another in New York City, seemingly against all odds, although they're closer than either of them knows. Their paths ALMOST cross several times, but not quite. Will they ever find each other? Will they find each other again before Jonathan marries Halley? Or will it be too late? 
 Entourage (20042011)Summaries Film star Vince Chase navigates the vapid terrain of Los Angeles with a close circle of friends and his trusty agent. In this sitcom, the suddenly risen film star Vince Chase, a 'jeune premiere' of humble origins, learns the ropes of the business and the high-profile world of the wealthy happy few in and around Hollywood, but not alone: he brings from his native New York his atypical 'entourage (hence the title), not glitterati or professionals but a close circle of friends since childhood, and his professional agent finds they often make his job harder as the Queens boys not only sponge on the star but also have his ear, so Vince is much harder to counsel. Vince chooses his friend from home Eric as his manager, and LA professional Ari Gold as his agent. Over the course of the Series, they progress from kids from Queens, to actors, to producers and chase the funding and support to try to make the perfect movie for Vincent. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Grosse Pointe Blank (1997)541) Martin Blank is a professional assassin. He is sent on a mission to a small Detroit suburb, Grosse Pointe, and, by coincidence, his ten-year high school reunion party is taking place there at the same time. Martin Blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience, which causes him to muff a couple of routine assignments. On the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he attends his 10th year High School reunion in Grosse Pointe, Michigan (a Detroit suburb where he's also contracted to kill someone). Hot on his tail are a couple of over-enthusiastic federal agents, another assassin who wants to kill him, and Grocer, an assassin who wants him to join an "Assassin's Union." Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Martin Blank is a contract hit man. After being in the business for five years, he is getting disillusioned with it, imposing himself on a therapist, Dr. Oatman, who is reluctant to help him through his issues because of his business. Part of his disillusionment is because of the changing nature of the business, as witnessed by one of his fellow hit men, Grocer, wanting to form a cartel of sorts despite the inherent non-trust with each of the other hit men. Because of one of his contracts not having gone down quite according to plan, Martin is forced to take a job in Detroit for the same client pro bono. Marcella, who handles the administrative aspects of Martin's business, encourages him to attend his ten year high school reunion in Grosse Pointe in suburban Detroit while he's there anyway. Martin left Grosse Pointe the day of the graduation prom never having returned. In the process, he stood up his prom date and serious girlfriend at the time, Debi Newberry. While in Detroit/Grosse Pointe, Martin wants to forget about his hit man life and focus most specifically with reconnecting with Debi, who now works as a local radio host. Making it up to Debi may not be as easy as Martin wants, despite both still being attracted to each other. But getting away from his hit man life may not be that easy either as Grocer has tipped off the NSA to Martin's job, the two agents, Steven Lardner and Kenneth McCullers, who plan to take him in when they catch him in the process of the hit, but who contemplate taking him out themselves. In addition, Martin learns the hard way that someone else has taken a contract out on him. Martin's life becomes even more complicated when he learns who his contracted hit is. Huggo Martin Blank and is a hitman with some emotional problems. He goes to a shrink who doesn't want him, and has had recurring dreams about his long lost love for 10 years since he stood her up on Prom night. When Blank gets an invitation to his School reunion he is originally dead against the idea, but when he is hired for a job in his home town he is forced to return home, and to face some old truths. Herm Holland Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a man on the phone with his assistant, discussing the transfer of funds for specialized ammunition, while he prepares a high-powered rifle with a suppressor and a scope. The man is Martin Q Blank (John Cusack), who works freelance as a professional, highly-paid assassin. As he tracks a bike messenger riding quickly down a Los Angeles street, his assistant, Marcella (Joan Cusack) reads him an invitation to his 10 year high school reunion, which is taking place shortly in Grosse Pointe, a suburb of Detroit and Martin's home town. Martin shoots the bike messenger just before the man can shoot and kill another man coming out of the hotel across the street. Chaos erupts as the target's bodyguards open fire. While they check on their boss, a doorman suddenly appears and kills the bodyguards and the target and disappears into the hotel. Martin recognizes the other assassin as Grocer (Dan Aykroyd), one of his chief rivals. Martin finds himself depressed and irritable, dissatisfied with his work and the increasing competition from rival assassins, including Grocer, whom meets with Martin and tries to coax him into a small assassins guild he's forming with several other individuals in their field. Martin is resistant, saying he prefers to work alone and Grocer leaves in a huff. Following a botched contract where Martin shoots the man instead of making it look like a natural death, Martin stops by his office where Marcella tells him his employers for the botched job want him to make amends. She also tells him the job just happens to be in Grosse Pointe and that he can attend his reunion and do the job over a weekend. Initially reluctant to attend, Martin is also talked into it by both his (understandably nervous) therapist (Alan Arkin), who tries to drop Martin as a client because Martin kept his preferred line of work a secret for several appointments. Martin is also nervous about seeing his old girlfriend, Debi Newberry (Minnie Driver), whom he abandoned on prom night 10 years before when he enlisted in the Army. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe Martin seeks out Debi, now a radio DJ and is playing an all-1980s music weekend in honor of the reunion. Martin's subsequent visit to his family only heightens his depression; his childhood home has been demolished and replaced with an UltiMart convenience store, his mother lives in a nursing home and suffers from severe dementia and his father is dead (Martin's tribute to his father is to pour an entire bottle of whiskey on his grave and leave the empty bottle behind). Martin visits Debi at the radio station where she works and their conversation doesn't go very well; while still on the air, she toys with his guilt over leaving her 10 years ago without a trace and entertains calls from listeners who support her anger with Martin. However, there seems to be a glimmer of hope for rekindling their romance. Reconnecting with friends like Paul (Jeremy Piven) is likewise depressing, as many have integrated themselves with the local community through mundane establishment jobs. When asked about his livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by rival hitmen, including Grocer and Felix LaPubelle (Benny Urquidez), a Basque terrorist hired to kill him, as well as two awkward National Security Agency agents (Hank Azaria and K. Todd Freeman), briefed by Grocer, waiting for him to do his "job" so they can kill him as an enemy of the state. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends and procrastinates, not even bothering to glance at the background dossier on the prospective target. When Martin returns to the UltiMart, he is immediately attacked by LaPubelle and the two exchange gunfire, destroying the store. Martin and the clerk working there are nearly killed by a bomb planted by LaPubelle. Martin later meets with Grocer for breakfast at a small caf. Martin reaffirms his refusal to join Grocer's assassins' union, much to Grocer's disappointment. Martin also visits Debi at her apartment attached to her father's house and is able to convince her to be his date for the reunion. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin stares into the child's face and experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. He and Debi fade from the party and go to the school's health office and have sex on one of the gurneys. Debi returns to the party while Martin checks out his old school locker. Suddenly, LaPubelle appears and the two engage in a furious hand-to-hand battle. Martin finally kills him in self-defense, using a pen he'd gotten from a fellow classmate. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking after all, flees the reunion. Paul follows only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPubelle's body in the school furnace. Debi later confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed "a certain moral flexibility" that made him suitable for a CIA-sponsored "mechanical operations program." After leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe: he is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry (Mitchell Ryan), Debi's father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself, to impress Martin's client and boost his own business. Out of loyalty to Debi, and his "newfound respect for life", Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During Grocer's raid on the house, Martin kills several of them, hiding Debi and her father in the bathroom. Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the remaining mercenaries, the NSA agents (with Grocer's gleeful help) and Grocer himself, moments before proposing marriage to Debi, to which her father enthusiastically offers his blessing. Debi, shell-shocked from the day's events, doesn't respond. Hours later she and Martin speed out of Grosse Pointe together. 