nm0004905:

 Three Sisters (20012002)Summaries After a man marries his long-term girlfriend, her two sisters move in with them for their own personal reasons. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Crash Point Zero (2001)Summaries A scientist recovers a powerful weapon created by inventor Nicola Tesla in the early twentieth century. Now, the plane carrying the device and a disparate group of passengers crashes in the Canadian mountains. The battle to survive begins. Antiques collector Maurice Hunter and his daughter Nadia and their Russian guides are in Siberia, on a search for the legendary Tesla death ray. This weapon has the ability to vaporize entire countries in the blink of an eye, and is responsible for the destruction of a half million acres of trees in Siberia in the 1950s. The ray is found in a cave full of bats, the Russian guides turn on the Hunters in an effort to steal the ray. Hunter uses the death ray to vaporize the Russian guides. Having found the ray, it must now be turned over to the CIA. First, Hunter and Nadia must get on a charter flight from Moscow to Canada with a bunch of American celebrities. The airplane is hijacked by a group of terrorists led by a man named Beck, who want the ray to use in a planned attack. But the jet crashes in Canada, and the passengers are stranded in the mountains of Alberta. The survivors include Hunter, Nadia, and Hunter's girlfriend Barbara. CIA agent Jason Ross and his partner Alan arrive to try to keep the ray from falling into Beck's hands. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ski School (1990)Summaries Rival groups in a skiing school do battle on and off the piste. One gang are rich and serious, the other group are party animals. Rival ski instructors at a prestigious mountain school compete to save their jobs. The infamous "Section Eight", a popular group of skiing partiers are up against some rich stiffs whose only thought is beating their arch rivals in the annual spring pageant. Wallace Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dragnet (1987)Summaries The equally-straight-laced and "by the book" nephew of Joe Friday must work with his more laid-back partner to solve a mystery. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 