nm0010417:

 Szuler (1992)Summaries The year is 1750. Europe is in a ravaged state following a plague. Victor Moritz and Rufolf de Sevre are gamblers, frequenters of elegant casinos and fashionable brothels. Rudolf is a young aristocrat, charming and charismatic. His degenerate behavior has an animal intensity. Victor, though leading the life of libertine, remains to one side. He is a man of a refined taste despite his low birth and buys his noble title thanks to his gambling skills. Victor and Rudolf have been inseparable friends for years. Then two young, beautiful and innocent people - a brother and sister - enter their life... Polish Cinema Database <http://info.fuw.edu.pl/Filmy/> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quantum Leap (19891993)66) During a government experiment into time travel, a scientist finds himself trapped in the past, "leaping" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis and sorting out their problems whilst trying to get back home to his own time. Theorising that one could time travel within his own lifetime, Dr Sam Beckett stepped into the Quantum Leap Accelerator, and vanished. He awoke and found himself trapped in the past, facing mirror images that were not his own and driven by an unknown force to change history for the better. His only guide on this journey is Al, an observer from his own time, who appears in the form of a hologram that only Sam can see and hear. And so Dr Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, striving to put right what once went wrong, and hoping each time that his next leap will be the leap home. Theorizing that a person could time-travel but only from within their own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett is hired by the Government and the Military to lead an elite group of scientists to develop a top-secret project which would only be known as "Quantum Leap". Setting up in an underground bunker in the New Mexico desert Beckett is pressured by the top military brass and government officials to prove his outlandish theories correct or lose the funding necessary to continue the project, so Dr. Beckett decides to test out the newly built time machine by going against the wishes of the other scientists and stepping into the project accelerator where he vanishes. Dr. Beckett awakens to find himself in the past having successfully time traveled or leaped (as the series calls it), but he ends up suffering from partial amnesia and doesn't recognize who he is and the face in a mirror is not his own. Fortunately, contact with Sams own time is maintained through brainwave transmissions with Albert "Al" Calavicci, the project observer, who can only appear in the form of a hologram that only Dr Beckett can see and hear. After filling Sam in with the information as to who he is and why he is there and tells him that someone from the past is now in Sams time and that Sam has switched places with that person. The pair deduce that Dr Beckett can only return home by putting something right that once went wrong in that person's life. After fixing the past he once again ends up "Leaping" into a different person's life in another point in history. Dr Beckett realizes that to get home he must help as many people as he can, and ends up hoping each time that he does, that his next leap will ultimately be the leap home. Doctor Sam Beckett led a group of top scientists into the desert to research his theory that a man could time travel within his own lifetime. Unfortunately, in order to save his funding, he was forced to enter the accelerator prematurely and vanished. He then found himself in someone else's body with partial amnesia. His only contact from home is Al, a holographic image only he can see and hear. Setting right things which once went wrong, Sam leaps from life to life, hoping each time that this is the final leap home. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Although the project isn't ready yet, Sam hops into the Accelerator and leaps. As Tom Stratton, an Air Force test pilot, Sam finds his memory Swiss cheesed, with only enough left to know that he is not where or when he belongs. Al explains that the project has gone "a little ca-ca" and that the only way Sam can leap out is by flying the X-2 to Mach 3. Instead, Sam leaps after saving Tom's life, wife and child, only to find that rather than leaping home, he's leapt into Tim Fox, a minor league baseball player in Texas, at the end of the 1968 season, where he must make the winning play in order to leap. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> Theorizing that one could time-travel within his own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett led an elite group of scientists into the desert to develop a top secret project known as Quantum Leap. Pressured to prove his theories or lose funding, Dr. Beckett prematurely stepped into the project accelerator... and vanished. He awoke to find himself in the past, suffering from partial amnesia and facing a mirror image that was not his own. Fortunately, contact with his own time was maintained through brainwave transmissions with Al, the project observer, who appeared in the form of a hologram that only Dr. Beckett can see and hear. Trapped in the past, Dr. Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, putting things right that once went wrong and hoping each time that his next leap would be the leap home." courtesy of: http://www.quantumleap-alsplace.com/#premise Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Miami Vice (19841989)Summaries Resplendent with authentic 1980s music, fashion, and vibe, "Miami Vice" follows two undercover detectives and their extended team through the mean streets of Miami, Florida. Stubble-faced detective Crockett lived in a sailboat guarded by his alligator Elvis. His partner Tubbs was a black New York cop looking for his brother's killer. Together they took on the Florida drug world. The show influenced men's fashions toward Italo-casual and interior decor toward the Miami look. Very trendy music and unusual guest performers. Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu> Detective James "Sonny" Crockett and detective Ricardo "Rico" Tubbs, of the Miami-Dade police department's organized crime bureau vice unit, work deep undercover as seedy criminals to infiltrate and bring down the various criminal enterprises of southern Florida. gorb It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills Cop II (1987)321) Axel Foley returns to Beverly Hills to help Taggart and Rosewood investigate Chief Bogomil's near-fatal shooting and the series of "alphabet crimes" associated with it. Three years after the events in Beverly Hills Cop (1984) , the street-wise Detroit detective, Axel Foley, invades the posh city once more, after the assassination attempt on Captain Andrew Bogomil. Against the backdrop of a seemingly endless string of violent and well-orchestrated smash-and-grab robberies known as the "Alphabet Crimes", Detectives Billy Rosewood and John Taggart struggle to solve the case; nevertheless, in vain. Now, a lethally beautiful hitwoman linked to an international arms trafficking ring is the mysterious and elusive prime suspect. Can the brazen and sassy Axel and his partners solve this thorny case, too? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set approximately two years after the original film, Beverly Hills Police Captain (formerly Lieutenant) Andrew Bogomil (Ronny Cox), Detective Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), and Sergeant John Taggart (John Ashton) are trying to figure out who is behind the "Alphabet Crimes," a series of mostly high end store robberies distinguished by their monogrammed envelopes with an alphabetical sequence the assailants leave behind. Complicating matters is the new "political" state of the Beverly Hills police, headed by an incompetent and verbally abusive new police chief Harold Lutz (Allen Garfield), who is doing everything he can to stay on Mayor Ted Egan's (Robert Ridgely) good side. Unimpressed when Rosewood calls the FBI to help solve the case, Lutz holds Bogomil responsible as commanding officer and suspends him, despite Bogomil's efforts to convince him that Rosewood was only following a hunch, a traditional aspect of police work. Lutz also punishes Taggart and Rosewood by placing them on traffic duty. On the way home, Bogomil is shot by Karla Fry (Brigitte Nielsen), the chief hench-woman of Maxwell Dent (Jrgen Prochnow). Finding out about the shooting over a news report, Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) immediately flies out to Beverly Hills (covering his absence from his actual job in Detroit by telling his commanding officer Inspector Todd he was going "deep deep deep DEEP undercover" on the credit card fraud case he had been assigned to) to help find out who shot Bogomil to repay the favor he owes Bogomil for saving his job two years ago. Before leaving town, Axel asks his co-worker Jeffrey Friedman (Paul Reiser) to drive his red Ferrari convertable around town to make it appear that Axel is still in the city. Before leaving, Axel meets with his credit card fraud contact Vinnie (Robert Pastorelli) to stall the deal only to discover that Vinnie's front man is the same front man (Robert Pesce) that Axel did business while undercover before two years earlier during the cigarette heist deal. Axel accuses the man of being a cop and leaves for California. After arriving in L.A. by plane, Foley shacks up in a Beverly Hills mansion which is under construction while the owners are on vacation and sets it as his base of operations. Foley then goes to the police station and makes contact with Taggart and Rosewood who secretly agree to assist Foley because of Lutz's apparent attempts to find an excuse to get them fired. Posing as an undercover FBI agent to get past Lutz (by convincing Friedman in Detroit to pose as Todd to intercept Lutz's phone call to Todd's office and convince Lutz that Foley is part of a multi-jurisdictional task force). Foley soon starts making the connection between the robberies and Dent. Foley then asks Bogomil's teenage daughter, Jan (Alice Adair), to use her connections as an insurance agent to find out about Dent's financial dealings. It turns out that Dent is robbing his own businesses deliberately (which have insurance) to finance firearms deals and is discreetly using his henchman Charles Cain (Dean Stockwell) as the front man for his operations. Bogomil was shot because he was on the right track with his investigation into the case. Having foiled a robbery attempt at a bank depository, Foley is able to trick Dent's accountant Sydney Bernstein (Gilbert Gottfried) into using his computer and discovers that Dent and Karla are planning to leave the country, and he also learns from Jan that all of Dent's businesses have gone under except his race track, which he is convinced is the next target. On the way to the race track, Foley solves the latest riddle sent to the police, and is convinced that this riddle was made easily solvable for the cops so Dent could implicate Cain as the Alphabet Bandit (though Foley is aware that Cain is being used as a patsy to throw the authorities off of Dent's trail as he not intelligent enough to be the Alphabet Bandit, having met him personally at Dent's gun club and getting an impression that he is a pawn instead of a criminal mastermind). The three arrive too late to stop the robbery and find Cain's body (he was shot by Karla) among those killed. While Lutz announces publicly that the Alphabet Crimes have been solved, Foley notices some red mud at the stables, which leads him, Taggart and Rosewood to Dent's oil field where Dent is making his final arms deal. The three of them then engage in a shootout with everyone involved in the deal. Dent confronts Foley in the warehouse, but Foley gets distracted by one of Dent's men on the roof and Dent walks into the shadows. Dent then crashes through the wall in his car and Foley shoots Dent through the windshield, sending his car down a hill and erupting in flames, but not before running Foley over. Karla appears and is about to kill Foley, but is shot dead by Taggart. Just as the last thugs are about to flee, the police arrive upon the scene, along with Lutz and Mayor Egan. Lutz tries to fire Rosewood and Taggart for their insubordination and also attempts to arrest Foley. However, both Taggart and Rosewood stand up to Lutz this time and prove that Dent was the real Alphabet Bandit and that the real purpose of the Alphabet Crimes was about financing the arms deal (so Dent could make a larger profit overseas). They are also able to convince Mayor Egan of Lutz's incompetence (since Lutz would had gotten in the way had he known about their activities due to him intentionally ignoring the truth from other cops), and the Mayor personally fires Lutz because he is tired of his abusive attitude towards his own men and for jeopardizing the investigation. At the end, Bogomil is chosen by Mayor Egan to replace Lutz as the next Chief of Police, and Foley returns back to Detroit, but not before he gets chewed out by Inspector Todd over the phone, right after Egan called him to congratulate him on allowing Foley to assist them on this case. On top of that, Jeffrey Friedman is revealed to have accidentally wrecked Foley's car while covering for him. In the final scene, Rosewood and Taggart say their goodbye to Foley for good when the owners of the Beverly Hills mansion return from their vacation to find Foley and the two detectives there, forcing Foley to flee to the airport and leaving Rosewood and Taggart to explain to the owners what they are doing in their house. 