nm0001985:

 Twisted (1991)Summaries Office adultery turns from fantasy to reality. Buxom married Christy fantasizes about pleasuring her younger engaged co-worker, David. Not knowing this, David unleashes her inhibitions by revealing he fantasizes about her. Upon meeting younger co-worker, David, buxom married Christy fantasizes about pleasuring him in the office. Not knowing this, David - who is engaged to be married - reveals he fantasizes about her. Christy says him acting on it would betray his fiance, but it doesn't mean Christy can't pleasure him herself in his car. Christy and David then develop phone sex relationship, but she wants to go all the way. Feeling pressured, David asks to bring over a friend. The friend slowly gets over the awkward feeling, and David eventually joins in. Christy later fulfills her secret fantasy by pleasuring David right in the office. Finally, David agrees to spend the night with Christy in a motel. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Play Christy for Me (1991)Summaries A private eye receives photos of a client's husband with his mistress. Alas, the client has her own affair with none other than the private eye's boyfriend. The private eye thus offers the husband a sexual offer he can't refuse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Erotica Jones (1985)Summaries A literature professor enjoys reading the racy novels of an author named Erotica Jones. What he doesn't know is that his sweet, demure wife Sally is in reality Erotica Jones, and she began writing erotic stories due to frustration with her husband's disinterest in sex. However, when she finally tells him who she really is, he doesn't believe her. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hot in the City (1989)Summaries Christine leaves her no-good man and strikes out on her own, determined to take control of her life and have some fun. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 