nm0004967:

 The Young and the Restless (1973 )Summaries Set in Genoa City, this is the long-running soap that tells the story of the struggle behind the business, and sex-savvy Abbott and Newman clans. Set in Genoa City, Wisconsin, this soap opera focuses on the saga between two wealthy families in the cosmetics industry: the Newmans and the Abbotts. Head the Newman clan is Victor Newman, the arrogant, cavorting billionaire and his wife Nikki. Running the Abbott show is Jack Abbott, the irresponsible playboy and CEO, and his sister Ashley. Most of the show is centered on the competition between the two companies: Newman Enterprises and Jabot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 ALF (19861990)Summaries A furry alien wiseguy comes to live with the Tanner family after crashing into their garage. The Tanner family is an average American family. One day, they discover that they have a visitor. He's small, he's furry, he's arrogant, and he's an alien from the planet Melmac. Unsure what to do, they name him ALF: Alien Life Form. Alf soon decides that as much as he misses his home planet, there's a lot to be said for Earth: the Tanners are willing to concede anything as long as he doesn't announce his presence. Oh yeah, the Tanners also have a cat, which looks rather tasty... Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jessica Jones (20152019)Summaries Following the tragic end of her brief superhero career, Jessica Jones tries to rebuild her life as a private investigator, dealing with cases involving people with remarkable abilities in New York City. Ever since her short-lived stint as a superhero ended in tragedy, Jessica Jones has been rebuilding her personal life and career as a hot-tempered, sardonic private detective in Hell's Kitchen, New York City. Plagued by self-loathing and a wicked case of PTSD, Jessica battles demons from within and without, using her extraordinary abilities as an unlikely champion for those in need. Especially if they're willing to cut her a check. Jessica Jones tries to rebuild her life as a private investigator in Hell's Kitchen after she managed to escape a terrifying experience involving a mind-controlling villain. Everything begins to get wicked when she gets a case to find a missing girl with hints of being mind-controlled. heyitsnuel It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Humbling (2014)Summaries A stage actor who is slowly losing his mind engages in a relationship with a sexually confused younger woman. Simon is an aging actor who suffers from bouts of dementia. He is institutionalized after an incident during a Broadway play, then returns home, where he contemplates suicide in Hemingway style. When he embarks upon an affair with an ex-girlfriend's amoral bisexual daughter, Pegeen, his world starts to fall apart. It ends on stage, with even Axler's audience and fellow actors unsure what's real and what's not. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 