nm0003013:

 Under Siege (1992)651) An ex-Navy Seal turned cook is the only person who can stop a group of terrorists when they seize control of a U.S. battleship. The battleship Missouri is about to be decomissioned. Casey Ryback is Captain Adam's personal cook. And Ryback is always butting heads with the ship's XO Commander Krill but the Captain always intercedes. One day, after the President visits the Missouri, which is also the Captain's birthday, the Captain learns that a helicopter has been cleared to land on the ship by Commander Krill, which he was not informed of. When questioned Krill tells the Captain that it's a surprise for his birthday, the Captain then allows it. Later after another one of their scuffles, Krill has Ryback locked in the freezer. During the party, the rock band reveals themselves to be mercenaries, led by William Stranix, a CIA operative, who is in league with Krill to unload all of the ship's nuclear warheads. They lock up all of the crew and make preparations to remove the warheads. And Krill remembers Ryback, Stranix sends two of his men to take care of Ryback, only thing is that Ryback took care of them. Upon discovering their bodies, Stranix deduces that Ryback is more than a cook. He then sends Krill to check on him, and Krill discovers that Ryback's a NAVY SEAL, who got busted down to a cook after an incident in Panama. And Ryback continues to create trouble for them, so Stranix tries to hunt him down. Along the way, Ryback meets Jordan, a former playmate, who was supposed to entertain at the party but was also forgotten. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> The legendary U.S. battleship, the U.S.S. Missiouri is going to be decommissioned. But the worst has happened, terrorists have taken over the ship and are planning to sell the nuclear arsenal aboard. Now, only one man stands in the way A ex- Navy SEAL turned cook, Casey Ryback. starwarskid1992 Casey Ryback is a former Navy SEAL captain who is now the cook aboard the USS Missouri. Everyone aboard is about to celebrate the birthday of Captain Adams. They've even hired a band led by William Strannix, and former playboy playmate Jordan Tate to jump out of a cake and dance. What Adams doesn't know is that he is in for a deadly surprise. Strannix has Adams killed and takes the ship to steal its nuclear missiles, spreading his men, including Commander Krill, throughout the ship, but Strannix and his men are underestimating Casey. Casey is an expert in martial arts, weapons, tactics, and explosives. After crossing paths with Jordan, Casey lets Jordan tag along with him in his mission to stop Strannix. Todd Baldridge <sandib@eastky.com> A US battleship on its way to be decommissioned is the target for a ruthless gang of terrorists. Fortunately, there is a hero, and he's the cook. Single handed, (well almost, he's helped by a beautiful woman) he makes life difficult for the terrorists. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with the American battleship USS Missouri (BB-63) arriving at Pearl Harbor, where President George H. W. Bush makes a speech announcing that after the Missouri's long time service, the ship will be decommissioned in California, making the trip her final voyage. Casey Ryback (Steven Seagal), a Chief Petty Officer assigned as cook, is preparing meals in celebration of the birthday of Captain Adams (Patrick O'Neal), against the orders of his adversarial Executive Officer, Commander Krill (Gary Busey), who is having food and entertainment brought from Hawaii by helicopter after they have set out to sea. Krill provokes a brawl in the galley with Ryback who assaults Krill. Unable to imprison him in the brig without clearance from the captain or attracting attention, Krill detains Ryback in a freezer and places a Marine, Private Nash (Tom Wood), on guard to prevent Ryback from leaving. A CH-46 helicopter lands on the ship's deck with a musical band, along with Playboy Playmate "Miss July '89" Jordan Tate (Erika Eleniak) and a group of caterers who are all really a band of mercenaries led by ex-CIA operative Bill Strannix (Tommy Lee Jones). Shortly after the party begins, Strannix, posing as the band leader (Bad Billy and the Bail Jumpers), pulls out a gun and kills Commander Green (the highest ranking officer in the room). Then, all the caterers and band members pull out weapons to seize control of the ship with the help of Commander Krill (who is revealed to be a turncoat). Several of the officers are killed during the takeover, including Captain Adams, who is shot point blank by Krill. The rest of the ship's company are imprisoned below decks in the forecastle, except for several stragglers in secured areas. Strannix intends to steal the ship's arsenal of nuclear Tomahawk cruise missiles and plans to sell the nuclear weapons on the black market by unloading them onto a submarine Strannix stole from North Korea while on his final CIA mission, which he then kept for himself when the CIA tried to assassinate him to use for private arms trading. Strannix and his men take over the ship's weapon systems for defense, shooting down an F/A-18 Hornet sent to investigate, and plan on covering their escape by launching a missile strike into Honolulu that will obliterate tracking systems in Pearl Harbor. Ryback has become suspicious upon hearing gunfire and tells Private Nash to contact the ship's bridge. An annoyed Krill realizes they forgot about Ryback in the freezer and learns the kitchen is an unsecured area on the ship. Krill lies to Private Nash that the noises were not gunshots, but party poppers before Strannix offhandedly sends mercenaries Cates and Ziggs to eliminate Ryback and Nash. Nash is killed, but Ryback escapes and kills Cates by throwing a knife at him and strangles Ziggs, then plants a bomb in the microwave to go off later. He proceeds to cause havoc amongst the perpetrators and begins killing off the terrorists with the limited help of Jordan Tate, who was only hired as a cover for the festivities. Ryback also gets in contact with Admiral Bates (Andy Romano) at the Pentagon by using a satellite phone, whereupon the Navy then makes a plan to send a SEAL team to retake the ship. Krill discovers that Ryback is really a Chief Petty Officer and former Navy SEAL with extensive special-weapons and counter-terrorism training. He was relegated to his current posting for striking his superior officer who had been responsible for his men being killed in a botched commando mission during the United States invasion of Panama. As a result, he had lost his security clearance and was only able to serve as a yeoman or a cook. To keep the missile-theft plan in place, Krill decides to activate the fire sprinklers in the forecastle, leaving the crew members to drown and the terrorists to set up an ambush when Ryback arrives, presumably by himself to save them. However, Ryback locates a group of sailors in hiding and along with them engages a successful counter-strike, turning off the sprinklers dousing the crew and eliminating a considerable number of Strannix's forces. As Strannix's men regroup, Ryback shuts down the Missouri's weapon systems, in order to allow the incoming Navy SEAL team to land. As the battle for the ship continues, the submarine crew shoots down both the CH-46 helicopter carrying the Navy SEAL team with shoulder-fired surface-to-air missiles. The Pentagon responds by ordering an air strike that will sink the Missouri and all aboard. Strannix regains control of the ship's weapon systems and the Tomahawks are loaded onto the North Korean submarine, departing with Krill on board. With the aid of Jordan and his fellow sailors, Ryback uses the battleship's guns, which were not yet decommissioned, to sink the submarine with Krill still inside, killing him and every one on board. Strannix, standing on the deck, suffers a major concussion from being in the proximity of the Missouri's guns as they are fired. He orders the remaining mercenaries out of the control room as he launches two nuclear-tipped Tomahawks towards Honolulu. As the sailors recapture the ship, killing the last group of Strannix's men, Ryback finds his way into the control room where he is caught off-guard and captured by Strannix. Strannix and Ryback realize they know each other from their past covert experiences, but Ryback is disgusted by Strannix's excuses for his behavior. Ryback states that both of them are disillusioned and were essentially "used" by their government, but Strannix says Ryback still believes in his country, whereas he does not. Ryback and Strannix then engage in a knife fight wherein Ryback kills Strannix by poking his eye out, stabbing him in the head with his knife, and finally smashing him through a computer monitor. Ryback then takes the launch codes needed to self-destruct the Tomahawk missiles. One of the two missiles is destroyed by an F/A-18 Hornet, but the other continues on its course. The codes are dialed in and the Tomahawk missile is deactivated, blowing apart before it would have destroyed Honolulu. The Pentagon celebrates wildly, then calls off the air assault on the Missouri. At the end, the remaining crew members are freed from their forecastle prison as the ship sails towards San Francisco harbor. Ryback is checked by a Navy doctor, kisses Jordan and the crew looks on and cheers. The film ends with a funeral ceremony for Captain Adams being held on the decks of the Missouri, showing the Captain's casket with flag draped over it and Ryback saluting in his service dress blue uniform with his full rank and military decorations. 
 The Fugitive (1993)761) Dr. Richard Kimble, unjustly accused of murdering his wife, must find the real killer while being the target of a nationwide manhunt led by a seasoned U.S. Marshal. A well respected Chicago surgeon Dr. Richard Kimble has found out that his wife, Helen, has been murdered ferociously in her own home. The police found Kimble and accused him of the murder. Then, Kimble (without Justifiable Reason) was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death. However, on the way to prison, Kimble's transport crashed. Kimble escapes and is now on the run. Deputy Samuel Gerard from Chicago takes charge of the chase of Kimble. Meanwhile, Kimble takes up his own investigation to find who really killed his wife, and to lure Gerard and his team into it as well. John Wiggins Dr. Richard Kimble is a well-known surgeon based out of Chicago who returns home from work one night to find his wife Helen was murdered. The killer, a one-armed man, manages to escape before police arrive. With a lack of evidence pointing to the one-armed man, Kimble is arrested and charged with murder. On his way to prison, the bus he is in crashes, giving him the opportunity to escape. Kimble decides to find out who the real killer was and why his wife was murdered. Meanwhile, a US Marshal named Samuel Gerard and his team are tasked with finding Kimble and arresting him. However, the further he is to catching Kimble, the more Gerard is convinced he is innocent. Sam Wrongfully accused of murdering his wife, Richard Kimble escapes from the law in an attempt to find her killer and clear his name. Pursuing him is a team of U.S. marshals led by Deputy Samuel Gerard, a determined detective who will not rest until Richard is captured. As Richard leads the team through a series of intricate chases, he discovers the secrets behind his wife's death and struggles to expose the killer before it is too late. Jwelch5742 Wrongly convicted of murdering his wife, Dr. Richard Kimble escapes from a prison bus and tries to find out why she was killed and who the murderer really was. He is relentlessly pursued by Samuel Gerard, a U.S. Marshal, and is forced to keep out of contact from any friends or relatives. However, his determination and ingenuity soon produce results and he comes to the frightening realisation that he can trust no one. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> Noted surgeon Richard Kimble is wrongfully accused, tried and convicted for the brutal murder of his wife. A failed escape attempt by other prisoners gives Kimble his opportunity to escape execution. The only option and purpose he has left is to discover who really murdered his wife and clear his name. On his trail is persistent US Marshal Samuel Gerard who slowly comes to believe that the original case might not be as clear cut as was first believed. John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@student.derby.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with flashes of the Chicago skyline and fight between an unidentified man and Helen Kimble (Sela Ward). In the struggle, Helen is killed when her assailant shoots her with the pistol they keep in their bedroom and then crushes part of her head with a heavy piece of decorative stone. The police turn up and find Helen dead on the floor. Forensics is hard at work in the room, documenting the murder scene. A man walks through a room and Dr. Richard Kimble (Harrison Ford), a prominent Chicago vascular surgeon, stands up with scratches on his neck and is escorted out the door. A reporter stands outside, telling the camera what's happened. Kimble climbs into the back of a police car. Richard is shown in an interview room with Detective Kelly (Ron Dean), and flashbacks show what he was doing just hours earlier. Kimble and his wife mingle with donors at a children's Research Aid Foundation fundraiser. Helen is surrounded by a group of men and Richard "rescues" her. They also exchange pleasantries with Richard's best friend and colleague Dr. Charles Nichols (Jerome Krabbe), who thanks Richard for letting him temporarily borrow his car. While driving home afterwards, Richard gets a call asking him to come into work for an emergency surgery operation, much to Helen's disappointment. Nonetheless, she says she'll wait up for him. Her voice echoes in the background as he sits in the interview room, another policeman walking into the room. The detectives interview Richard and ask him if anything unusual happened, and about the fight about the guy with one arm, as well as who has keys to his house. They ask if he'd seen any suspicious people following him or if he'd gotten any unusual phone calls in recent weeks or months. The detectives discuss the evidence in the observation room. Back in the interrogation room, the policemen ask Kimble about his wife's wealth and who the sole beneficiary of his wife's life insurance the policemen suspect Kimble: Helen was very wealthy and he'll come out well. Kimble insists he's innocent and the police keep interrogating him about the appearance of the one-armed thief. Their superior looks over the report and seeing that Kimble was the only witness and that his fingerprints were on the pistol used to shoot Helen, they decide to charge him with the murder. Kimble becomes more distraught and tells the detectives that he'd fought with Helen's killer and that the man had a mechanical arm. He yells for them to find him. Nonetheless, Kimble is arrested and put on trial. He is next shown in court, listening to the opposition's opening statement, while flashing back to the scene of the crime. Detective Kelly is in on the stand, and Kimble flashes back to when he entered the house after work. More questioning of another witness. Helen gasps for air as she manages to call 911. The opposing lawyer asks to play Helen's 911 emergency call, previously identified by the police dispatcher. Helen says that there's someone still in her house, trying to kill her. While this is going on, Kimble comes up the stairs and the killer hangs up the call. Kimble remembers struggling with the man & tearing away one of his sleeves, revealing a prosthetic arm. Despite his best efforts, Kimble is found guilty and remanded to Illinois State Penitentiary, where he'll wait to be put to death. Kimble is one of several convicts that are then chained up and put on a bus that will transport them to prison. When they're almost at the prison, one of the other convicts decides to stage a jailbreak by faking a seizure, foaming at the mouth. One of the officers approaches the man and is shanked by the convict with a shiv made by a sharpened tooth brush. The warden shoots two prisoners with a shotgun. When another prisoner tries to overpower him, an errant blast kills the driver, and the bus goes off the road at a bridge and rolls down the hill, landing on a railroad track. The warden demands that Kimble help the injured guard. Kimble demands to be released from his shackles in return. The warden throws him the keys and Kimble frees his wrists. Another convict, Copeland, grabs the keys and unlocks his own shackles and runs out on Kimble when the doctor asks him for help getting the injured out. It is then that Kimble sees the lights and hears a freight train approaching the wreck at speed. He manages to get the remaining survivors off the bus before the train plows into it at speed and derails. Copeland rescues and frees him and tells Kimble not to follow him. Kimble is wounded and needs medical attention, following the river bank. The county police and the Illinois State Police converge on the scene to begin investigating. They are later joined by a team of US Marshals, comprised of Deputy US Marshal Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) and his associates Cosmo Renfro (Joe Pantoliano), Bobby Biggs (Daniel Roebuck), Noah Newman (Tom Wood), and Erin Poole (L. Scott Caldwell). The local police, headed by Sheriff Rawlins, seem to have things under control, and don't see any reason to cede jurisdiction to Gerard until Biggs discovers a set of leg irons that had been used by Kimble and don't have anyone attached to them. With Kimble unaccounted for, Gerard takes over the scene and orders a massive manhunt and dragnet with a 15 mile radius from the crash scene, encompassing every residence, business and hospital in the area. By the next morning, Kimble comes to a clearing under a bridge and steals a workman's coveralls, and finds his way to a hospital. Meanwhile, at the crash scene, Gerard's marshals have found a blood trail that might belong to Kimble, and Gerard orders that Kimble's mugshot be faxed to every local hospital in case he seeks treatment. There's a moment of chaos as the moment is interrupted when rescue workers extricate the guard who was shanked at the start of the jailbreak, and who has been trapped under the wreckage all night. Kimble gets to the hospital, and steals medical supplies to stitch his own wound. A state trooper is sent to the hospital and alerts the medical staff of Kimble's identity while Kimble stitches his wound up and steals an elderly patient's clothes. He has to hide in the closet as a nurse comes by on her rounds to tend to the patient. Once the nurse leaves, Kimble shaves his beard and combs his hair, and steals the patient's breakfast. He passes the same state trooper in the hallway, who quizzes Kimble about the escaped prisoner's whereabouts. Kimble is able to shrug off any "resemblance" he has to the escaped man the trooper describes by saying "Every time I look in the mirror, pal, except for the beard of course." As Kimble is leaving the hospital, an ambulance arrives with the wounded guard from the train wreck. The guard, while half-conscious, recognizes Kimble as he helps the paramedics unload the guard from the ambulance. Once the paramedics are gone, Kimble steals the ambulance. It isn't long before this information makes it back to Gerard, and the Marshals set off in pursuit of Kimble. Kimble abandons the ambulance at a dam, and escapes into a nearby drainage grating. In the tunnels, Sam separates himself from his team and slips while climbing down another tunnel. He loses his pistol which Kimble finds. While pointing the pistol at Sam, Kimble tells him he didn't kill his wife. Sam's curt response is "I don't care!" Kimble runs off while Sam pulls a spare pistol and continues after him. At a high drainage port, Kimble is trapped by Sam who orders him to drop the pistol and surrender. Kimble jumps, falling hundreds of feet into the river below. Sam is found by his team who immediately believe Kimble was killed in the fall. Sam refuses to believe it & tells them they have to find the body. Cosmo asks if they can go home, but Gerard is so hell-bent on catching Kimble that he refuses to believe Kimble is dead in the absence of a body. He orders dive teams dispatched to search the river for him, ignoring the protests of another trooper who says the odds of him surviving the fall are unlikely. The police search the woods with hounds, but come up with nothing. Kimble runs through the woods, but stops out of breath and collapses. He hides under some leaves and dreams about Helen making love to him, his trying to save her life, as well as his lawyer and the killer. He wakes up some hours later, and after wandering aimlessly for some time, runs into a good Samaritan who sees him walking along the side of a road and picks him up. Back in Chicago, Gerard and his team get a tip that they've got "him" shacked up with a woman in Whiting, Indiana who "left work tonight and took him home". The next morning, they head out to Whiting. Gerard and Newman pretend to be drunk passers-by while Biggs and Henry pose as garbage truck drivers, Poole poses as a homeless woman, and Cosmo poses as a plumber. As they prepare to break down the door, they put on patches identifying them as US Marshals and raid the house, which as it turns out is not where Kimble is hiding, but rather Copeland, the other survivor from the train wreck. As the Marshals sweep the house, Newman is taken hostage by Copeland. Gerard gets the drop on Copeland and shoots him, but in such close quarters ends up temporarily deafening Newman. Kimble makes it back to Chicago, where he tries to get in touch with his lawyer. His lawyer asks Kimble of his whereabouts, telling him that he cant harbor a criminal and he should turn himself in. Kimble lies and tells Walter that he's in St. Louis. The call is traced by the Marshals, who have a tap on Kimble's associates' phones, and despite Kimble's attempts at misdirection, they're still able to figure out he's back in Chicago when they recognize the sound of an 'L' train in the background and the sound of a bell on the Wells Street Bridge. In desperation, Kimble decides to reach out to Dr. Charles Nichols (Jeroen Krabbe) as he exits the North Bank Club and gets back into his car. Nichols gives some money to Kimble, but is forced to drive off when a cop orders him to keep moving. Gerard and his colleagues discuss why Kimble may have killed his wife, and pay a visit to the Chicago Police Department detectives who conducted the original investigation. Gerard is skeptical of the detectives' claims that Kimble killed his wife for the money, pointing out that he already was making a ton of money as one of the top surgeons in the city, but the detectives insist that Helen "was more rich". Gerard decides to have Kimble's friends brought in for questioning as a precaution. First up is Nichols, who openly admits to Kimble's visit that morning, but when asked as to where Kimble may be hiding, claims "If you want help, gentlemen, you've come to the wrong man; Richard is innocent. You'll never find him; he's too smart." Next up is Dr. Kathy Wahlund (Jane Lynch), who starts off by proclaiming her belief that Kimble is innocent and says that she'd help Kimble if he came to her, but that's not his style While this happens, Kimble rents a basement apartment from an old Polish woman. That night, he goes to the Cook County Hospital, and stealing the ID tags of a maintenance worker named Jose Ruiz Desmondo, finds his way to the prosthetics department. Kimble reads a medical report on a man who has half of his arm missing and starts doing research. He takes home a book called Atlas of Limb Prosthetics: Surgical, Prosthetic, and Rehabilitation Principles by the American Academy of Orthopedics. That night, Kimble has more nightmares of his wife's death, and dreams of the scene of the crime. Unlike other nightmares, he tries to focus more on what he remembers of the prosthetic limb, hoping to find clues to narrow down the man in question. Unfortunately for Kimble, it turns out that one of the neighbors upstairs is a drug dealer, and this only becomes clear to him when he's rousted from his nightmare by the sounds of the police arriving to arrest the dealer. Even worse, when they question him at the station, the dealer snitches on Kimble in hopes of gaining leniency, and this information is passed on to Gerard. Kimble returns to the hospital and uses his janitor disguise to break into the prosthetics department and access the database. Recalling what he remembers about the prosthetic, he's able to narrow down his suspects list to five names. Things get hectic as the hospital suddenly receives a major influx of patients from a bus crash, including several children. In the chaos, Kimble has to be deputized to help move patients to different operating rooms. He is assigned to a boy who is having breathing difficulties and examines his chart, which doesn't go unnoticed by Dr. Anne Eastman (Julianne Moore), the resident ER doctor. While on the staff elevator, Kimble corrects the patient's diagnosis on the forms, and takes him to a different ward than assigned so that he can undergo a life-saving operation. Kimble is quickly found out by Dr. Eastman, and is forced to flee when she confronts him. Gerard and his Marshals show up shortly thereafter, just as Kimble is leaving out a back door. Learning from Dr. Eastman that Kimble's last minute decision saved the patient's life, Cosmo expresses disbelief that Kimble would hang around a hospital where lots of cops are stationed. The conversation is interrupted when a man with half an arm squeezes past them, and makes his way to the prosthetics clinic. This gives Gerard an idea: Kimble is probably looking for the one-armed man using hospital records. Kimble and Gerard both begin working through lists of patients with prosthetic arms and criminal records. Kimble's search is a bit narrower since he's only got a few names, vs. Gerard's team who have 47 hits. Kimble's first name, Matthew Zelick, turns out to be a dead end as he is deceased. The second one, Clive Driscoll, seems more promising, as he's been arrested for armed robbery. He goes to the jail to find Clive Driscoll, at the same time Gerard goes there. Upon sitting down with Clive, Kimble realizes he's not the individual responsible for Helen's death and leaves. As Kimble leaves, he's recognized by a guard, and moments later, he's spotted by Gerard while escaping down another staircase. Gerard tries to give chase, but Kimble temporarily stalls him by tricking some police officers into restraining him. The Marshals attempt to give chase as Kimble flees into the St. Patrick's Day parade, but Kimble manages to escape. Gerard and the Chicago police detectives are forced to hold a press conference. Gerard has no affirmative answers for the reporters, while Detective Kelly's response to questions that allege Kimble is innocent, is that Kimble is guilty because he was convicted by the court of law. Kimble obtains some new clothes and continues his suspect search. His search leads him to a man named Frederick Sykes. Narrowly avoiding a police officer parked outside Sykes' building, Kimble breaks in to Sykes' apartment. Searching through his possessions, Kimble finds photographs of Sykes, and the prosthetic arm Sykes wears, and instantly recognizes Sykes as the real killer, and remembers damaging the arm when he threw Sykes down the stairs during the fight at his house. What's more alarming to Kimble is that in some of the pictures, Sykes is posing with Alec Lentz, the doctor that Nichols had introduced him to at the benefit. Kimble goes through Sykes's medical file and finds multiple forms from Devlin MacGregor Pharmaceuticals, who were sponsoring the benefit, as well as documents pertaining to a cruise in the Caribbean. He also remembers a discussion about the pharmaceutical company's drugs that he had during the surgery. Knowing he's got his man, Kimble makes a call to Gerard at the Marshal's office, and leaves the line off the hook so that the Marshals will trace the call and apartment. They raid the apartment and find Kimble's fingerprints, but no sign of Kimble. Sykes denies knowing Kimble when Gerard questions him about it, and provides an alibi for the night of the murder. Gerard and Cosmo quickly surmise that Sykes is lying about not knowing Kimble, and Gerard tasks Cosmo with identifying the man who's with Sykes in the photograph. Kimble gets in touch with Nichols about what he found, and his conclusion that his wife's death wasn't the result of a burglary gone bad, but a conspiracy by Devlin MacGregor and Dr. Lentz to kill him for raising questions about new drugs they were pushing. To Kimble's surprise, he learns from Nichols that Lentz is dead, having died in a car accident over the summer. Nonetheless, Kimble refuses to give up and gets in contact with some other colleagues of his. Gerard and his team question Nichols again, this time about Kimble and Sykes. Nichols accuses Gerard of getting pretty desperate. Curiously, he denies knowing Lentz when shown the picture of Lentz posing with Sykes. When they blow up the picture at their offices, they find a label on Lentz's shirt labeled Chicago Memorial Hospital, to which Devlin MacGregor Pharmacuticals is a successful benefactor. Kimble approaches an old hospital contact of his named Bones, who gets him a liver sample that originated from a patient on the RDU-90 drug study. He also gets another sample (the last one) from January 21st, and Kimble promises to get everything back to him, while putting it into an envelope. He takes the sample to Dr. Wahlund for analysis. She embraces him and agrees to analyze the samples with him through a microscope. They're not the same tissue, yet they came from the same, very healthy liver. Analyzing the reports, they also realize that Dr. Lentz died August 21st, and half of the samples that he approved were signed for the day of his death. Kimble realizes that someone else with access must have been manipulating them. Getting a pretty good idea who might have been responsible, Kimble leaves to "visit a friend". Sykes, meanwhile, gets a call from his employer, telling him to deal with Kimble. Since the police are sitting on his residence, he can't get away unnoticed, so he sets off a fire alarm to summon the fire department. The confusion caused by the fire department arriving distracts the cops and allows Sykes to slip out, unnoticed, carrying his gun. Newman and Biggs identify Lentz, and learn about his death. They visit Bones at Chicago Memorial Hospital to question him, at the same time that Sykes goes there. Bones denies having been in contact with Kimble, and while the questioning is going on, Sykes hides from them in the shadows of the lab. Gerard is getting a headache as Cosmo calls to note that Bones had no information on where Kimble was going, beyond supplying him tissue samples for a drug study. Newman adds, over the phone, that the release was approved by Dr. Nichols, who was Lentz's boss. Cosmo speculates that he was covering for Kimble, and Gerard orders the CPD to go there instantly, to sweep the place, while also sending men to apprehend Dr. Nichols. Sykes contacts Nichols from a payphone to report his failure at finding Kimble at the hospital, but drops the call when he spots Kimble walking nearby. Gerard pins the picture of Sykes and Lentz to a board while Cosmo reads off an article about Lentz and his accident. It is then that Gerard gets a lead when one of his colleagues cross-checks Sykes' telephone records. He's made no calls to Kimble. But upon cross-checking Kimble's phone records, it turns out that someone called Sykes at 7:30pm on the night of Helen's murder from Kimble's car phone, at a time when Kimble was still at the gala with Helen. Gerard double-checks Kimbles arrest records and cross-checks the call. He's then notified by Poole that Sykes has managed to evade police and is likely looking for Kimble. Kimble boards the 'L' to head to a presentation that Nichols is presiding over at a nearby hotel. As he nears his destination, Sykes enters from an adjoining car and draws his gun on him. His attempt to eliminate Kimble is interrupted when a transit cop appears and tries to draw on Kimble. Sykes kills the cop, at which point Kimble pulls the emergency brake and fights Sykes, overpowering him and knocking him out. He handcuffs Sykes to one of the handrailings in the car and takes his gun, evading police as they arrive in response to an "officer down" call. Kimble goes to the Hilton Tower Mall where Nichols is giving a presentation. Kimble interrupts Nichols' speech, accusing him of falsifying medical research and orchestrating the murder of Kimble's wife. They fight on the hotel roof before falling through a skylight into a laundry room. Having arrived on the scene, Gerard calls out to Kimble that he knows about Nichols' conspiracy. Nichols knocks out Cosmo with an I-beam, takes his gun, and attempts to shoot Gerard. Kimble attacks Nichols from behind with a pipe, knocking him unconscious and saving Gerard's life. Kimble surrenders to Gerard, who escorts him out of the hotel. Sykes and Nichols are arrested. Kimble is driven from the crime scene by Gerard, who now knows he is innocent. 
 Clear and Present Danger (1994)651) CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel. Jack Ryan is back and this time the bad guys are in his own government. When Admiral James Greer becomes sick with cancer, Ryan is appointed acting CIA Deputy Director of Intelligence. Almost before he can draw a breath in his new position, one of the president's closest friends and his family are murdered in their sleep by what appears to be drug cartels. Ryan is called in to investigate, but unknown to him the CIA has already sent a secret field operative to lead an illegal paramilitary force in Colombia against the cartels. Things get even more complicated when his team is set up and he loses an agent in the field and a friend of his wife's, who was the murdered agent's secretary, is murdered that same day. Ryan must then risk not only his career, but his life to expose the truth behind the mystery. SindyMac Anti-narcotics drop a missile on the home of drug traffickers who are not inside; women and children also die. Jack Ryan investigates the type of weapons that lead back to US weapons and the traffickers discover through other people that the US has been attacking the home of traffickers in Colombia. Representatives connected to the narcos ask an American representative to annihilate the anti-narcos. "Everything is right or wrong," says Jack Ryan when he tries to find out who authorized the shooting. He finds out that it was the US president who authorized the CIA. Anti-narcos are isolated in communications and are massacred. Jack Ryan finds out and orders everything to be recorded. One of the infiltrators warns the captain that Ryan has discovered everything and ordered to close the satellite. The captain captures Ryan but when he understands he wants to help him he asks for a helicopter. They find a single survivor. Ryan reveals to Escobedo that Felis Cortez, who wanted to do business with the US government, betrayed him. Another narcos bursts in and kills the chief narcos and a sniper rescues Ryan from a distance then Captain Clark enters the room. They go to free the two prisoners who are in bad condition. Despite many difficulties they manage to escape in the helicopter. Ryan accuses the US president. luigicavaliere Jack Ryan, a CIA analyst, is thrust right in the middle of a power struggle within the Colombian drug cartel after one of the President's "life-long" friends is murdered, apparently in retaliation for stealing money as part of a money laundering scheme for the cartel. Jack is then appointed acting Deputy Director of Intelligence, CIA, upon the terminal illness of Admiral James Greer, former DDI, and quickly gets in over his head due to his political naivete. The situation rapidly deteriorates when some of the president's men convince the President to conduct covert actions against the cartel, in direct violation of congress. Felix Cortez, the security chief of Ernesto Escobedo, the "victim" of the missing money, is one of the cartel bosses. Cortez tries to play both sides, appearing to inform Escobedo about the CIA's involvement in the covert operations against him, while trying to orchestrate a coup to take over the cartel, with Cortez as its sole boss. James Cutter, the President's National Security Advisor, makes his own deal with Cortez, with the President's knowledge, and halts communications to the covert troops still in Colombia, through the Deputy Director of Operations, CIA, Robert Ritter. Ryan ends up going to Colombia to rescue the covet ops troops with the help of field agent, John Clark, but not before some fence mending between the two, seeing as Ritter blamed Ryan for the communication outage, with Clark's men subsequently being captured by Cortez's mercenaries. Bill Walch <TheWalchs@aol.com> When an American businessman who is a good friend of the President's is killed along with his entire family, the killings appear to be the work of a Colombian Drug Cartel. Upon hearing this, the President tells his National Security Adviser -- James Cutter-- that he wants him to start a Black Op against the Colombians. At the same time the President orders every agency to find out why his friend was killed. CIA Deputy Director James Greer, whom the President has asked for help as well, is in poor health, so he asks his protege -- Jack Ryan-- to fill in for him. Jack finds himself working with Robert Ritter (whom Greer has told him him not to trust) and Ritter is the very person Cutter has asked to handle the operation. Jack eventually finds out that the dead businessman may have been involved with the Colombians and may have been embezzling from them. When Ritter puts the plan into operation, the Colombians are wondering who is after them. So, the Cartel's intelligence man "Felix Cortez" tries to find out, while he is--at the same time-- plotting to assassinate Ernesto Escobedo (the head of the cartel) and take over the entire operation. When a CIA secretary, who had been seen with Cortez in D.C.turns up dead, Ryan becomes convinced that there is a three-way conspiracy afoot which might extend all the way to the White House. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An aggrieved first term President implicitly ("What I would suggest I cannot suggest") authorizes a secret military incursion into Columbia after a personal friend of his is killed by men connected to Ernesto Escobedo, leader of the Cali Cartel. Jack Ryan, temporarily promoted as Deputy Director of Intelligence at the CIA after Jim Greer is diagnosed with cancer is unintentionally mired in the scheme. He was tasked with securing the funding for the operation from Congress, even specifically promising no troops would be used despite that being (unbeknown to Ryan) the whole point of the operation. The military operation is initially successful, striking at drug refining facilities and shooting down drug running aircraft. After the President orders a large amount of laundered drug money seized, Felix Cortez, a former Castro official working as an intelligence officer for Escobedo, retaliates by assassinating a Presidential aide (from which Ryan himself narrowly escapes) sent to Columbia to discuss the seized funds with the Columbian government. After that, the operation is escalated and the US troops are ordered to begin assassinating cartel leaders themselves, who have met to assuage their own suspicions that each other are responsible for the strikes by US troops and avert a gang war. In response, Cortez figures out that American troops have been operating in Columbia and negotiates their betrayal with the President's National Security Advisor (Cutter) who orchestrated the unconstitutional operation. Meanwhile, Ryan has also caught on that something illicit is happening and catches the basic gist of the operation after breaking into a colleague's office computer at CIA. He is too late to prevent the betrayal of the US soldiers in Columbia who are captured after their exact location is given to Cortez and all air support and communications with them are cut off. Ryan personally returns to Columbia to organize a rescue operation, which he cobbles together with the help of a disgruntled CIA operative who had been involved in the military operation itself. Ryan returns to Washington DC, to reveal all details of the operation to Congress even after the President personally tries to entice him to remain silence with offers of future favours. 
 The Fast and the Furious (2001)651) Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Conner must decide where his loyalty really lies when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy. Los Angeles street racer Dominic Toretto falls under the suspicion of the LAPD as a string of high-speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area. Brian O'Connor, an officer of the LAPD, joins the ranks of Toretto's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict Toretto. However, O'Connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with Toretto's sister, Mia. As a rival racing crew gains strength, O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies. rball4042; Car7 LA street racer Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) falls under the suspicion of the LAPD for a string of high-speed electronics truck robberies. Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) an officer of the LAPD, joins the ranks of Toretto's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict Toretto. However, O'Connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with Toretto's sister, Mia (Jordana Brewster) As a rival racing crew gains strength, O'Connor must decide where his loyalties lie. ahmetkozan The Fast & The Furious is loosely based on an article in a magazine about street clubs that race Japanese cars late at night. Domenic Toretto is the leader of a street gang that is under suspicion of stealing expensive electronic equipment. Brian O'Connor is an undercover police officer attempts to find out who exactly is stealing the equipment, while falling for Domenic's younger sister, Mia. Turkus3 The Fast and the Furious takes you inside the world of street racing. Dominic Toretto is a gang leader who is accused of hijacking trucks and stealing over a million dollars worth of electronic equipment. The FBI sends LAPD officer Brian O'Conner undercover into Los Angeles' street racing circuit to take down Toretto and his team. As O'Conner becomes part of Toretto's life and gets involved with his sister, Mia, he tries to prove that Toretto is innocent. SliMSeanY1402@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, a helmeted racer leads a gang of stunt drivers driving three black Honda Civic coupes who hijack a shipment of electronics from a moving truck. Brian O'Conner (Brian Walker) is an undercover police officer, driving supercharged cars and trying to infiltrate Dominic Toretto's (Vin Diesel) gang, who are suspects in the robberies. He first visits Dominic's cafe, where he makes conversation with Dominic's younger sister, Mia (Jordana Brewster) and tries to make inroads with the gang by selling performance equipment. Vince (Matt Schulze) is jealous, and a fight breaks out. His girlfriend Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) begs Dom to break it up, who does so, threatening to get Brian fired. That night, racers gather for street racing. Brian meets Hector (Noel Gugliemi), and they wait for Dom. Brian offers his car in a bet, and Dom's tech Jesse (Chad Lindberg) checks his car out. The spectators line the streets, lighting the way. Brian and Dom race with Johnny Tran (Rick Yune) and Edwin (Ja Rule). Dom wins, showing Brian superior driving and timing. The racers pick up a police alert on the scanner, and everyone flees. Dom parks his car and flees on foot, and Brian helps him escape. Dom has researched Brian (getting his cover story), but as they chat, they are surrounded by uzi-wielding Chinese bikers, who escort them to an empty lot. The leader of this gang, Johnny Tran, admires Brian's car and refers to a race in the desert next month. He and his goons shoot up Brian's car, which explodes from the NOS (Nitrous Oxide) on board. Back at Dom's house, a party is in progress. Dom yells at his gang, saying Brian was the only one to help him. Vince is upset that Brian is back, and Mia breaks up with him. The next day Brian arrives at a police safehouse where his boss, Sgt. Tanner (Ted Levine), briefs Brian. Truckers are getting nervous about the robberies, and the FBI are now involved. They keep hearing about modified Honda Civics in the robberies. Later that day, Brian brings Dom a wrecked Toyota Supra with a powerful engine, and starts working in Dom's garage. Vince continues to be angry with Dom's friendship with Brian, and Mia teases him. The next day, Hector buys parts for Honda Civics from Brian, and Brian gets suspicious. He breaks into Hector's garage, but Vince and Dom have followed him. Brian convinces them he's spying on the competition for Race Wars next month. Vince is suspicious, but Dom thinks it's a good idea, and they break into Tran's garage. Brian spots possible stolen goods. Tran and his goons arrive, and Dom, Brian and Vince watch as they torture local fence Ted (Beau Holden) about stolen engines. Brian tells the FBI, but wants to resist moving in on Tran until they have more evidence. His boss thinks he's too soft on Torretto; that Brian is going "native". The next day, Dom takes Brian into confidence and shows off his supercharged 1970 Dodge Charger, one he never drives. Dom says it has too much power. Over dinner, Brian and Mia talk about Dom, then Mia shows off her driving skills. At the same time, another robbery is in progress, and Brian gets a call from his boss that they are moving in on Tran in the morning. The raid goes off with Brian wearing a hood (to avoid recognition), but Tran's gang gets out for lack of evidence - the suspicious goods were purchased. Sgt. Tanner cautions Brian about falling for Mia, and tells him Dominic is the next suspect. The next day, Brian and Dom take the rebuilt Supra for a spin, and smoke a Ferrari. Over lunch, Brian asks to get in on Dom's next job, but Dom wants to see how Brian does at Race Wars first. In the middle of the desert, Race Wars begins. Letty wins, but Jesse loses his car to Tran and refuses to pay. Tran accuses Dom of being an informer as a result of the police raid on his place the day before, and a fight breaks out. That night, Mia is upset with Dom, who is obviously going on another robbery (revealing that Dom and his gang really are the hijackers that Brian is trying to nail all along). Brian confesses that he's a cop, and asks Mia to help him warn Dom about the truckers arming themselves and the FBI operations. Brian calls for a trace of Dom's cell phone. Letty is nervous about the upcoming job, but they go ahead with it. At the climax, Dom and his gang don their masks and cars and set out for another hijacking job. The robbery begins to go wrong when Vince jumps on the truck, but is shot at by the trucker. Letty crashes her car, and Leon (Johnny Strong) rescues her. Brian arrives on the scene and risks his life to save Vince as the trucker reloads his shotgun. Dom arrives and hears Brian calling for a medical helicopter, identifying himself as a cop. Dom is stunned, but Vince is the first priority. After Vince is stabilized, Dom storms off with Mia following. Back at Dom's house, Brain confronts Dom. Jesse returns, and Tran shoots him in a drive-by. Brian gives chase, and Dom gets in the Charger to pursue as well. Dom stops in front of one of the motorcycles, sending the goon into a field, and Brian shoots Tran. Brian sees Dom fleeing, and pursues in the Supra. They race, and Dom's car begins destroys itself from the massive torque in the motor. They finish the race, but Dom hits a truck pulling out from a side street. The Charger is wrecked, and Dom is injured. As the police sirens are heard in the distance, Brian gives Dom his car and Dom escapes. 