nm0002633:

 Angel (19992004)44) The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption. The vampire Angelus, now known as Angel, has a human soul, but committed terrible crimes in the past. Seeking forgiveness and trying to redeem himself, he moves from Sunnydale (and a relationship with Buffy Summers, of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") to Los Angeles, where he helps the downtrodden by thwarting the supernatural creatures that prey on them. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> In this spin-off from the cult hit "Buffy The Vampire Slayer", Angel, the cursed vampire with a soul, moves to Los Angeles leaving Sunnydale behind to look for redemption and soon teams up with some old friends, and new ones, to fight evil plaguing the city. ahmetkozan In a city overpopulated by demons, warlocks and some really nasty lawyers, a creature of the night becomes Los Angeles greatest hope. Once a vicious vampire who terrorized Europe, vampire-with-a-soul Angel helps the helpless in order to get his reward from the Powers that Be - to be forgotten, and regain his humanity. In his quest, he sets up Angel Investigations, with the help of an unlikely (and quite effective) evil-fighting team: wannabe actress Cordelia Chase, bookish Brit Wesley Wyndam-Price and street fighter Charles Gunn. Monica I. - Quilmes, Argentina It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Olive Juice (2001)Summaries A young woman is in Orlando visiting her ailing mother. During the course of her stay, she discovers the true nature of her fianc, which propels her into a state of dismay. Her only refuge is a local pet shop owner who steals her heart with his natural charm and his lovable inventory. <Producer@olive-juice.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tell Me No Lies (2001)44) A serial killer on the loose targets co-ed DJ Alex Sheppard but the blonde radio host won't scare easily and decides to strike first by seducing the murderer. Alex Sheppard, a college student who hosts a late-night talk show on the campus radio station, finds herself in dire straits when she enrolls in the school her recently murdered sister attended in order to track down the killer. Little does Alex know the killer, a listener of her talk show, soon discovers her relationship to her murdered sister. Soon, Alex finds herself in the middle of a campus murder spree, and the killer's next potential victim. Red Violet Productions A serial killer on the loose - with one woman dead, beautiful co-ed DJ Alex Sheppard is the next target. He knows where she works, he knows who she is, and he knows where she lives. But Alex is a woman who knows how to get what she wants - and this time she wants him dead. With the police turning up no clues, it's time to dish out her kind of revenge. Now, in order to uncover the truth, Alex is forced to strike first by seducing a killer - and she has just the body to test the limits of her fate. Revenge has never been so sweet. A serial killer on the loose has chosen his next victim - stunning D.J. Alex Sheppard. He's picked a woman with a body and mind that will test his limits. He knows where she works, who she is, where she lives. With the police turning up no clues, Alex will go all the way to strike first. Her plan is to entice and seduce him - and then dish out her lethal revenge. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Life of a Gigolo (1998)Summaries When Danielle decides to do a story on the life of a sex worker to please her boss and lover Peter, she meets Gage a professional gigolo. She quickly becomes interested in his work and starts to see a change in herself and her life. Danielle, a sexy journalist decides to do a story on the life of a sex worker to please her boss and lover Peter who is about to divorce. She goes undercover to expose the debauched lifestyle of Gage, a male prostitute who sells his body to rich women. However she is soon charmed by his smooth, seductive style and becomes addicted to his sexual prowess. As her jealousy takes over, she quits her job to stalk the streets alongside her new-found lover. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 