nm0009880:

 Das Andechser Gefhl (1974)Summaries An anxious teacher (played, as is the lead role in all his films, by the director) sits in a beer garden on the hill of the Andechs monastery. While flies drown in his mug of beer, he confronts a life of failure: the wife he ignored, the child he neglected, the teaching duties he has shirked, and his doomed efforts at winning tenure from school officials. Only a dream from the past-the memory of a former liaison with a film star with whom he shared "the Andechs feeling, a feeling that we are not alone" - provides sustenance. Despite an unexpected series of events, longing in Achternbusch's world ultimately remains stronger than fulfillment and thirst better than beer. Alun Gowan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Der Neger Erwin (1981)Summaries A man is released from prison. He is planning to pick up his old craft, filmmaking. A reporter follows him to a tavern called Der Neger Erwin (The Negro Erwin). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Die Olympiasiegerin (1983)Summaries For all its madcap eccentricities, The Olympic-Winning Lady lays bares more autobiographical allusions than any other Achternbusch work. As in the film, his father was actually a dentist, his mother a sports instructor during the time of the Olympics (and the year of his conception), and he an illegitimate child who remained unadopted by his father until 1960. Nevertheless, realism and chronological order are quickly set aside as Herbert's birth, although accurately placed in 1938, unfolds amidst howling sirens and the sounds of a bombing raid that took place well before the onset of the Second World War. What is important for Achternbusch are not the dates or the facts but the pervasive inner state of the country in which he grew up, whose destruction he experienced as a child. Alun Gowan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wanderkrebs (1984)Summaries This satirical story of a minister president is reportedly based on the conservative Bavarian minister Franz Josef Strauss. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 