nm0007435:

 Six-Pack (2000)Summaries A few young women are murdered in Paris and as police progress in the investigation they realise that discovering the identity of the serial killer is not enough to bring the maniac to justice. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 15/Love (20042006)Summaries "15/Love" is a comedy-drama about coming-of-age in a unique, high-pressure environment. The series follows a group of young hopefuls at the internationally renowned Cascadia Tennis Academy, where they live, love, laugh, fight, cry and dream their way through adolescence. Galafilm Inc. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne (2000)Summaries The fantastic steampunk adventures of the future science fiction writer and his friends, the Foggs and Passepartout. In this series, we see the adventures of the young Father of Science Fiction and his friends, Phileas and Rebecca Fogg and their servant, Passepartout. In an alternative Victorian era, which has taken that era's technology to fantastic levels, this intrepid quartet battles villians wherever they find them. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@home.com> Starving French playwright Jules Verne never had a play remain open for longer than three days. One day, one of the doodles he made of a vehicle that can tunnel through the ground ends up being built by a shadowy organization that seeks to keep Europe under the heels of absolute monarchy. He links up with British secret agent Phineas Fogg, his cousin Rebecca, and his valet Passepartout to combat this organization and keep Europe in peace and scientific enlightenment. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Terminal Justice (1996)Summaries In 2008 cybersex can only be surpassed by one thing: Cloned women, especially created for their clients. This puts Pamela Travis, a famous and much sought-after cybersex star in great danger - Dr. Vivyan, scientist and genius in the field of biotechnology wants her DNA to clone her for his many customers. Sergeant Bobby Chase is assigned to protect her, but can't prevent her from being kidnapped. In order to free Pamela, Chase has to risk his life in a deadly virtual reality game called "Hellraiser" ... Iris Kessin <Kessie@t-online.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 