nm0005060:

 3rd Rock from the Sun (19962001)Summaries A group of aliens are sent to Earth, disguised as a human family, to experience and report life on the third planet from the sun. A group of aliens has come to Earth to learn about its population, customs, et cetera. To avoid detection, they have taken on human form, which gives them human emotions, physical needs, et cetera, without the understanding of what they mean nor the inhibitions normally present in humans. Their leader takes the position of a college professor, their military expert as his sister, their intelligence expert, supposedly the oldest of group, takes the form of his teenage son. The uninhibited reactions turn everyday events into unusual situations. Jim Brawn <jim_brawn@amuc.mtroyal.ab.ca> The high commander of an alien expedition lands on Earth, what he considers to be the least-important planet, in human form as Dr. Dick Solomon (John Lithgow). Along for the ride are his alien compatriots Harry (French Stewart), Sally (Kristen Johnston), and Tommy (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) - who is the eldest of the group, but is now angrily trapped in a teen's body. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas (2000)321) In this live-action prequel to The Flintstones (1994) , the Flintstones and the Rubbles go on a trip to Rock Vegas, where Wilma Slaghoople is pursued by playboy Chip Rockefeller. The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstones and the Rubbles head for Rock Vegas with Fred (Mark Addy) hoping to court the lovely Wilma Slaghoople (Kristen Johnston). Nothing will stand in the way of love, except for the conniving Chip Rockefeller (Thomas Gibson), who is the playboy born in Baysville, but who has made it in the cutthroat town of Rock Vegas. Will Fred win Wilma's love? an Urban Achiever Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young bachelors and best friends Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble have recently qualified as crane operators at Slate & Company. Soon to be employed, now they want girlfriends, and a little green alien called The Great Gazoo, exiled to Earth by his species, offers to help, although only they can see him. Meanwhile, Wilma Slaghoople states that she'd like to live a normal life and do regular activities, like bowling, however her mother Pearl objects and states she should marry Chip Rockefeller, who is an owner of a casino. Wilma runs away screaming and goes to a Bronto King in Bedrock. Waitress Betty O'Shale mistakes Wilma as "caveless", and kindly offers to share her apartment, and gets her a job. Fred and Barney are in love with the waitresses and are invited to a carnival, with Fred dating Betty and Barney taking Wilma. After Fred wins a carnival game, he gets a prize of an egg which hatches into a baby dinosaur, who he decides to name "Dino". However, he does not really feel connected to Betty, nor does Barney feel with Wilma, until both men switch dates. Wilma invites her new friends home to her father, Colonel Slaghoople's for his birthday. Fred decides to propose, but after he meets Chip who criticizes him for his job at Slate & Company. Pearl dislikes Fred, Barney, and Betty, but the Colonel accepts Fred and Barney, pleased Wilma is happy, and privately gives her a pearl necklace that once belonged to his great-grandmother. Fred and Barney mess up at dinner thanks to Dino running after them, Wilma nevertheless expresses her pride and follows them out. Chip "congratulates" Fred on attracting Wilma and makes a false apology for the humiliation of Fred's job and invites the four to his Rock Vegas resort as a peace offering. However, Fred has no idea that Chip is playing a dirty trick on him and Wilma dumps him and Fred sees if he can to win big so he can impress Wilma with money like Chip's. Chip and his girlfriend Roxie are visited by two gangsters named Big Rocko and Little Rocko to collect a lot of money owed by Chip, who claims his upcoming marriage to Wilma will get him access to the Slaghoople fortune, and the gangsters consider that plan creditable, so they decide to suspend the operation until the wedding is over. Gazoo eavesdrops on the conversation. When Barney tries to tell Fred to stop gambling, Chip sends Roxie to seduce Barney for an escort to a buffet. Chip keeps Fred gambling to miss his dinner date with the others. Betty sees Barney wipe whipped cream from Roxie's chest and mistakes his activity as a way of saying 'no'. Mick Jagged comforts the weeping Betty and offers her to go on a date. Wilma breaks up with Fred over not spending any time with her. Chip warns her about burglaries and arranges that Fred loses everything before slipping Wilma's pearls in Fred's pocket and asks him to look inside them. The security staff arrests Fred for robbery. In defense of Fred, Barney states to the guards that Fred would not commit a crime, and that Fred would not even be able to crack his own knuckles without help, Chip accuses Barney of being Fred's accomplice and has him arrested too. Wilma is infuriated and hooks with Chip. While the two are in prison, Fred and Barney get a visit from Gazoo and he explains to Fred and Barney that Chip is in trouble with the mob, has a girlfriend and Chip was the one who framed Fred for the crime and wanted to marry Wilma in order to embezzle the money Wilma and her family have. Barney decides to slip through the prison bars, steals the guard's keys, and unlocks the cell. Now hunted by casino security, Fred and Barney disguise themselves as dancers, but are quickly recognized. Escaping into Mick Jagged's dressing room, Barney tells Betty he loves her, and they reconcile after the misunderstanding involving Roxy at the buffet is cleared up. Now understanding Chip's true colors, Betty realizes that someone must warn Wilma. Angry that Barney and Betty are getting back together, Jagged tries to get things straight, but Barney knocks Jagged out with a guitar. Fred disguises himself as Jagged in an order to reconcile with Wilma. Chip proposes to Wilma, but she doesn't answer. Fred emerges on stage disguised as Jagged, sings to Wilma and apologizes for his earlier behavior before proposing to her. Knowing that she still loves Fred, Wilma happily accepts the proposal and rejects Chip, and the two get married in the Rock Vegas Chapel of Love, while that's going on the gangsters get mad and get ready to force Chip to pay them in their own manner. After the pastor proclaims them husband and wife, everyone sings "Meet the Flintstones". While Jagged sings "Viva Rock Vegas" at a party, Betty catches Wilma's tossed bouquet and kisses Barney. The couple drive away with Dino and Gazoo and receive waves of goodbye from their friends, family, and even receive some goodbyes from Chip and Roxie. 
 Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999)541) Dr. Evil is back and has invented a new time machine that allows him to go back to the 1960s and steal Austin Powers' mojo, inadvertently leaving him "shagless". Dr. Evil uses a device he calls a "Time Machine" to travel back to 1969 and remove Austin Powers' mojo. The sexually wounded swinger must travel back in time and, with the help of agent Felicity Shagwell, recover his vitality. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil's personal life runs amok as he discovers love, continues to shun his son and develops a close relationship with himself. Well, actually, a clone 1/8 his size whom he dubs "Mini-Me". The always time-baffled Dr. Evil begins his plan to put a gigantic cannon on the moon, thus turning it into a device called either "The Death Star" or "Alan Parson's Project," depending on which name is available. Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net> 2 years after he awoke after 30 years in suspended animation and he defeated his nemesis Dr. Evil from detonating a nuclear bomb in the core of the planet, sex-obsessed 60's British secret agent Austin Powers, still on his honeymoon, learns his wife Vanessa is a fem-bot, created by Dr. Evil to assassinate him. But for Austin it is about to get a lot worse when Dr. Evil travels back through time to the year 1969 and he steals Austin's Mojo (Austin's body-fluid that makes him attractive to the opposite sex) leaving Austin shagless. Travelling back into 1969, Austin teams up with sexy CIA agent Felicity Shagwell as both Austin and Felicity must not only recover Austin's mojo, they must also stop Dr. Evil from wiping out Washington D.C. with a laser gun Dr. Evil has constructed on the moon. Can Austin defeat Dr. Evil again? Daniel Williamson Dr. Evil returns from space just as British spy Austin Powers learns on his honeymoon that his wife is a fembot in Evil's control. Back on the singles scene, Powers discovers he's impotent because Evil has used a time machine to return to the late 60s and steal his libido. British intelligence also has a time portal, so Powers goes back to 1969 to recapture his mojo and, teaming with agent Felicity Shagwell, to stop another Evil plot to take over the world, this time with a "laser" beamed from the moon. Subplots involve Evil's son Scott's discovery of who his mother is, Evil's affection for a clone one-eighth his size, and the machinations of an obese Scot named Fat Bastard. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NATOs monitoring facility observes the return of Dr. Evil (Mike Myers) and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evils Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself (Verne Troyer) whom he calls Mini-Me. Number Two (Robert Wagner), who survived his incineration towards the end of the previous film, also reveals the enormous profits they have made by legitimately investing in a previously unknown startup company called "Starbucks". However, Dr. Evil is unimpressed and unveils his latest evil planhe has developed a time machine to go back to the sixties and steal Austin Powers (also Mike Myers) mojo, a fluid inside his body that's the source of Austin's skills and his sexual prowess. Meanwhile, back in 1999, Austin is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wifethe former Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley). Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evils kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin, but eventually self-destructs. He proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two (Rob Lowe) and (a not-so-young) Frau Farbissina (Mindy Sterling). A disgruntled Scottish Guard with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard (again, Mike Myers) has been hired to extract Austins mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evils agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot (Kristen Johnston) seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy. They then proceed to have sex in her bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 60's LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell (Heather Graham), escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evils operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa (Will Ferrell), yet another of Dr. Evil's henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair (due to an inability to withhold the answer should he be asked the exact same question three times in a row), but is prevented from divulging its location by the intervention of Mini-Me. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft. At Dr. Evils secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austins mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some private time with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward sometime after situation when Frau reveals that she is late. However, at the same moment Scott Evil arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States and the whole world ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant laser on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, but he has to reject her advances owing to the loss of his mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device, Felicity seduces Fat Bastard. Unfortunately, it is left in a public toilet, but a stool sample from the scene reveals traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island but are apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome by the fact that Felicity shows off her breasts, upon which the mesmerized guard falls into a pool of lava. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evils moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, whom he eventually flushes into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, the giant laser is fired, but Austin manages to divert it and save Washington D.C., although Felicity is killed by poison gas. However, using Dr. Evils time portal Austin travels back ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin's mojo in the air. He fails to catch it and it crashes on the floor, destroyed, but Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost it in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal to 1999. Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but is kicked in the crotch by Felicity. Finally, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer Scott (Seth Green) learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. There are two Austins in 1999 as both Austins escaped Dr. Evil's moon base using the time machine, Austin #1 finds Felicity sleeping with Austin #2. 
 Music and Lyrics (2007)541) A washed up singer is given a couple days to compose a chart-topping hit for an aspiring teen sensation. Though he's never written a decent lyric in his life, he sparks with an offbeat younger woman with a flair for words. Cheery Alex Fletcher lives comfortably in Manhattan off the residuals from his 80's pop success and reprising his hits at school reunions, theme parks, and state fairs. But those gigs are declining, so he jumps at the chance to write a song and record it with reigning teen idol Cora Corman. Trouble is, he's good at melodies but needs a lyricist and has less than a week to finish. Enter Sophie Fisher, subbing for a friend who waters Alex's plants; she's a pretty good poet, quick witted, and could do it, if she'd agree. But there's some sort of shadow over her head that Alex may not be able to charm his way past. And what if they do get a song written, what then? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In New York, the washed-up singer Alex Fletcher has a decadent career singing his old hits in amusement parks, school reunions or dinner parties to survive. In the 80's, he was a successful singer of the band POP with Collin Thompson, but when his partner split, his solo-career was a complete failure. His manager and friend Chris Riley schedules a meeting with the successful teen singer Cora Corman and Alex has a chance to be promoted in a show if he delivers a new song for Cora's concert in the end of the week. Alex has difficulties to put lyrics in his melody, but he accidentally discovers Sophie Fisher, who is temporarily watering his plants and proves to be a sensitive poet and efficient lyricist. Their song is approved by Cora, but they disagree about her interpretation, while they fall in love for each other. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Alex Fletcher was one half of the 1980's British pop duo, PoP. While his PoP partner Colin Thompson has gone onto further fame and fortune in the entertainment business which includes being knighted by the Queen, Alex has faded into oblivion, his only forays into the entertainment world being singing PoP songs at cheesy retrospective gigs. He has the opportunity to make it back into the popular music world when current singing sensation Cora Corman, a huge PoP fan, commissions him to write a duet for the two of them, it needing to have the title "Way Back into Love", and which needs to be completed by the end of the week. There is no guarantee that Cora will actually record the song as she has made arrangement for other retro artists to write back-up material if Alex's song is not to her liking. Alex has a problem in that he was never good at writing lyrics, and is having issues with the lyricist he has chosen for the collaboration. He thinks he has come up with a solution when his temporary plant watering person, Sophie Fisher, starts humming some of her own made up and good lyrics to Alex's tune. Sophie is an unconfident woman and a hypochondriac, who believes that, although she writes, she is not a lyricist who can come up with words to Alex's very specific song. Even if Alex is able to convince Sophie to help him, he will have to help her overcome her emotional problems in life, most specifically around her own current minor notoriety concerning her now love/hate relationship with author, Sloan Cates, who has put his skewed version of their life on paper in the form of a best selling novel. If Sophie does assist him, she may learn the hard way of the compromises that often accompany the creative process, some of those compromises with which she may not be able to live. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As one of the founding members of the band PoP!, former pop star Alex Fletcher (Hugh Grant) enjoyed considerable fame and success during the 1980s and early 1990s. Fifteen years after PoP! disbanded, Fletcher is a self-acknowledged has-been, reprising his 1980s hits for audiences of his now middle-aged fans. After years of performing in increasingly humiliating venues (such as high school reunions and theme parks), a chance to recapture some of his former stardom arrives when mainstream pop singer Cora Corman (Haley Bennet) asks him to write a duet for her to be called "Way Back Into Love". To Alex's dismay, however, he has only a few days to compose the song. Furthermore, he hasn't written anything in ten years, and even with PoP!, he usually only wrote the melodies, not the lyrics. His manager (Brad Garrett) helps him to search for a lyricist, without much luck. Alex meets former creative writing student reeling from a disastrous romance Sophie Fisher (Drew Barrymore) when she comes to his house to water his plants. Sophie is also a writer with little confidence in her abilities. While Alex and a hired lyricist try to come up with lyrics, Sophie comes up with words to herself while watering the plants. Alex requests Sophie's assistance on the song, and although she initially declines, after a series of conversations with him, she agrees to collaborate. There are signs of a budding romance as the two write the song, which they finish in three days. Meanwhile, Sophie runs into her ex-lover Sloan Cates, who wrote a very insulting book about her, and whom Alex assists Sophie in trying to confront, after which they go back to Alex's house and make love under the piano. All seems well when Cora likes the song and decides to perform it and put it on her next album. However, she adds a highly sexualized "steamy and sticky" Indian-themed vibe that clashes with the spirit of Alex and Sophie's work. Sophie is determined to talk Cora out of the addition, only to find Alex vetoing her efforts for fear he'll lose the chance to work with Cora and finally revive his career. In the ensuing argument, Alex reveals a deep pessimism regarding the music business, admitting that Cora's addition is awful but viewing it as the cost of doing business. Scandalized by Alex's willingness to demean his talent and hurt by his argument that she is refusing to live in the real world, Sophie leaves him. Cora invites Alex and Sophie to the premiere of her new tour, at which she and Alex are due to premiere "Way Back Into Love." However, to Sophie's surprise, Cora announces "a new song by Alex Fletcher", and Sophie begins to leave, under the impression that Alex stripped her of her songwriting credit. Instead Alex performs an entirely new song ("Don't Write Me Off") written by himself about his and Sophie's relationship, despite his admitted incapability of writing lyrics. Backstage, Alex tells Sophie that he convinced Cora to remove the risqu Indian-theme music of "Way Back Into Love" as an attempt to win her back. The original version of the song is performed by Alex and Cora, after which Alex and Sophie kiss backstage. 