nm0011098:

 M.A.S.H. (2012)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Investigator (2010 Video Game)Summaries A first-of-its-kind 3D photorealistic online interactive game of skill incorporating live-action content that puts the viewer in the middle of the action to solve a murder mystery. An online interactive murder mystery game. To experience The Investigator, gamers must pro-actively solve a crime and assume the role of the "hero" homicide investigator; during the course of solving an original storyline and move up in rank. Joel LaMontagne It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Big Eden (2000)321) Big Eden is a small, fictional northwestern Montana town. Big Eden is a tiny fictional town in northwestern Montana, as Preston Sturges or Frank Capra might have envisioned it. Timber and Cowboy country. This is the story of Henry Hart, a successful New York Artist, who returns to the town of his childhood to care for the ailing grandfather who raised him. Back in Big Eden, Henry must come to terms with his relationship to Dean Stewart, his best friend from high School, as well as the object of his unrequited love. All these years Henry has been pining for a dream image of Dean from back then. This is also the story of Pike Dexter, the shy, unassuming Native American owner of the town's general store, who is as surprised as anyone to find himself falling in love with Henry. The people of Big Eden conspire and attempt to bring Henry and Pike together. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arye Gross plays an up-and-coming artist who foregoes the convenience of big-city life for the charms of Montana in this drama, writer-director Thomas Bezucha's debut feature. On the eve of his first show at the Whitney Museum, Henry (Gross) hears news that his grandfather back home has had a stroke. Upon returning to his idyllic birthplace, however, Henry realizes that the old man isn't the only thing he has to tend to: There's the semi-closeted issue of his sexuality, which he longs to reveal to his clan -- as well as to his old high-school crush, Dean (Tim DeKay). Amidst all the angst, Henry fails to notice the advances of the sensitive Pike (Eric Schweig), an espresso-brewing outdoorsman who owns the town's general store and cooks meals for the stroke-addled grandpa Sam (George Coe). 
 90210 (20082013)Summaries A Kansas family relocates to Beverly Hills, where their two children adapt to the infamous social drama of West Beverly Hills High. Annie and Dixon Wilson move from Kansas to the very wealthy area of Beverly Hills, and begin attending the famed West Beverly High School in the 90210 zip code. They quickly encounter queen bee Naomi, rebel Silver, troubled Adrianna and others as the drama unfolds in 90210. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 