nm0000881:

 Transformers (2007)541) An ancient struggle between two Cybertronian races, the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, comes to Earth, with a clue to the ultimate power held by a teenager. High-school student Sam Witwicky buys his first car, who is actually the Autobot Bumblebee. Bumblebee defends Sam and his girlfriend Mikaela Banes from the Decepticon Barricade, before the other Autobots arrive on Earth. They are searching for the Allspark, and the war on Earth heats up as the Decepticons attack a United States military base in Qatar. Sam and Mikaela are taken by the top-secret agency Sector 7 to help stop the Decepticons, but when they learn the agency also intends to destroy the Autobots, they formulate their own plan to save the world. BRUTICUS! When teenager Sam Witwicky buys his first car, what he doesn't know, is that it's actually an alien robot. This isn't the only alien to arrive on Earth. Optimus Prime and a fellow group of transforming robots have arrived in search of the Allspark. But Optimus Prime and the Autobots aren't the only aliens to appear. Megatron and the Decepticons are also searching for the Allspark, and they would do anything to get it, even if it means destroying the world. Film_Fan Sam Witwicky, after persuading his teacher to give him an A, gets his first car, an old Camaro. One day, Sam's car drives itself to an old junkyard where it trnsforms into Autobot Bumblebee, with the objective of protcting Sam. Meanwhile, a decepticon attacks a US military base in Qatar. It tries to steal some data but is interrupted by the base commander who cuts all server hardlines. Only a handful of soldiers survive and are taken for debriefing. The Autobots land on Earth and explain to Sam about the Allspark, an object with power to creat worlds and fill them with life. Sam finds his great great grand father's glasses on which is imprinted the cube's location. As both Autobots and Decepticon fight for the Allspark, who will it be to take the source to limitless power? srijanarora-152-448595 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Optimus Prime, an Autobot, narrating the history of the AllSpark, a cube-shaped artifact capable of granting independent life to normal electronic and mechanical objects, which is the source of life for all Transformers, both Autobots and the evil Decepticons. Their society flourished until they were betrayed by Megatron; and war erupted over the AllSpark, which was lost and ended up on an unknown planet, Earth. Fast forward thousands of years to present day Earth, Qatar, to be exact, where American soldiers are stationed. They fly in to their base and go about the usual routine. Capt William Lennox [Josh Duhamel] is contacting his wife and seeing his baby girl again, when a helicopter previously thought to have been shot down over Afghanistan comes up on the radar. It lands at the base, and the base commander orders it to stand down; but, instead, it transforms into the Decepticon Blackout and attacks the base. Blackout also lets out some kind of jamming field that blocks all communication channels. He blasts his way through the base, only momentarily dazzled by flares shot at his face (which saves Tech Sgt Robert Epps [Tyrese Gibson], after Epps got scans of Blackout). Blackout locates the base's mainframe and downloads information until the humans cut the computer's hardline, terminating the network's connection. Blackout then destroys the base and everyone on it, save for a few who escape. Blackout then releases Scorponok into the sand to hunt down the survivors. Back in America, we see Sam Witwicky [Shia LeBeouf] supposedly giving a report in front of his class but is, instead, hawking his grandfather's memorabilia for eBay sales. His grandfather, Archibald Witwicky, was a famous 19th century explorer who tried to reach the Arctic circle. He later went crazy after claiming to have found a giant man frozen in the Arctic ice. Sam's teacher is none too pleased at Sam's antics, but Sam manages to talk him into giving him an A, so that he can take his money and his A to his father, Ron Witwicky [Kevin Dunn], to buy a car. Initially, Sam's father teases him by driving into a Porche dealership; but, when the joke's over, he takes Sam to Bolivia's Used Car Sales, where Bobby Bolivia [Bernie Mac] tries to sell Sam a car. As they drive up, though, an unmanned yellow Camaro drives up and parks itself in the lot. Sam is none too pleased with his choices until he sees the Camaro. It seems to be the best thing there. He and his dad just have $4,000 to spend; but Bobby asks for $5,000, even though he admits that he doesn't know what the car is doing on his lot. Ron tries to talk him down to 4 grand, but Bobby balks at that, and instead offers a Yellow VW Beetle for $4,000. The Camaro's passenger door randomly swings open and crunches in the side of the beetle, so Bobby quickly tries to show them another car. A strange sonic pulse emanates from the Camaro, blowing out every windshield in the lot (save its own); and Bobby Bolivia quickly delivers up the Camaro for $4,000. In the Pentagon, Defense Secretary John Keller [John Voight] addresses up a team of computer analysts and scientists to try to determine who attacked the base in Qatar. They've received no word from survivors, and all they have to go on is the sound of the signal used to tap in and download sensitive information from the U.S. Government's computer networks. Maggie Madsen [Rachael Taylor] heads one of their teams. Sam takes his car out for a spin and they run across Sam's crush, Mikaela Banes [Megan Fox], and the jock boys she hangs out with. First, the jocks try to intimidate Sam; but Sam's witty comebacks regarding brain damage from playing football overcomes their male posturing. As Sam is ready to leave, Mikaela angrily leaves the jocks to walk home, so Sam kicks his friend out of the car and offers her a ride. She accepts, after Sam finishes his fumbling invitation. Everything seems cool until the car mysteriously stops working near a local make-out spot. The Camaro also mysteriously cuts on the radio to play "Let's Get It On", much to Sam's shock. Mikaela, who is surprisingly car-savvy, takes a look under the hood and is impressed by the engine but can't seem to see any problem past the distributor cap being loose. She decides to go ahead and finish the walk home. Sam begs for the car to start as she leaves. The car suddenly starts and begins blasting "Baby Come Back". Sam spins the car around and gives Mikaela a ride home. In Qatar, a local boy leads the surviving soldiers to his village, where they will be able to use a phone. The have no idea that they are being followed beneath the sand. Out of nowhere Scorponok attacks and begins killing the soldiers. Lennox manages to get a cellular phone but needs a credit card to activate it, which he gets from Epps, as Epps tries to keep the Decepticon at bay. After dealing with an annoyingly humorous Arab operator, Lennox gets through to the military and gets an air strike ordered onto the village. They mark Scorponok with lasers and the A-10 Warthogs (reminiscent of Powerglide) bomb the hell out of the Decepticon. Scorponok flees beneath the sand after losing his tail. (They also later had helicopters that were the same model as Blades). The Pentagon tries to alert the president, who is aboard Air Force One; but the aircraft has already been infiltrated. Frenzy hides beneath a passenger's seat, disguised as a boom box. He transforms and makes his way down to the plane's interior, where he finds the computer network. He accesses the mainframe and begins a massive download, focusing on facts about Archibald Witwicky and a secret government branch called "Sector 7" and their top secret "Project Iceman". Maggie detects the intrusion and alerts the Pentagon, convincing them to take the whole network offline to stop the download. The Pentagon is frantic to discover who is behind all of this, as they suspect that it could be Russia, North Korea, or China. Maggie is warned to keep her imaginative ideas to herself, so she make a copy of the strange signal and leaves for a friend's house. When Air Force One lands, Frenzy escapes after killing several secret service agents and hops into a waiting police car (which has a Decepticon sigil on its fender). Frenzy remarks to the car, "The stupid insects tried to shoot me". Later, Sam wakes to the sound of his car starting up. Fearing that it is being stolen, he pursues the car to a local junkyard and sees his Camaro transform into a giant robot. The "robot", an Autobot named Bumblebee assigned to protect Sam, sends a signal (in the shape of an Autobot sigil) into space. The police arrive and do not believe Sam's story. Thinking he's probably on drugs, they arrest him. Maggie takes the top secret file to her friend Glen Whitman [Anthony Anderson], "the only hacker in the world" who could break the code. He cracks the signal just before Federal agents bust in and arrest them both. Later after Sam's father bails him out, Sam sees that his car has returned. Terrified, he flees on his mother's pink bicycle and is pursued by Bumblebee. He rides fast until he crashes in right front of Mikaela. He quickly takes off again, and she follows him. Sam tries to hide from Bumblebee and is relieved when a police car rolls up. Sam explains his situation, presumably to an officer behind the wheel; but no officer appears and the black-and-white attacks him, suddenly sprouting bladed weapons from the headlights and the grill. The car transforms into Decepticon Barricade and asks Sam if he is "Ladiesman217" (Sam's eBay ID), and Sam tries to escape again. Sam runs into Mikaela and tells her to run, because a monster is after him. Then she sees Barricade, too. Bumblebee drives up, the two reluctantly hop in, and the car chase begins. Bumblebee leads Barricade on a wild chase and gets the teens away from the Decepticon so that he can face off with Barricade. Barricade battles Bumblebee but not before releasing Frenzy, who pursues the humans. Bumblebee and Barricade duke it out while Mikaela and Sam try to fend off the resourceful Frenzy. Eventually, Mikaela uses a saws-all to cut off Frenzy's head, which flees in Waspinator fashion just as Bumblebee leaves Barricade in a broken heap. Bumblebee beckons for the humans to come with him and reveals, through radio transmissions and songs, that he's an alien and that he has sent a signal asking for help from his comrades. Unknownst to them all, Frenzy's head has scanned Mikaela's cell phone and has transformed into it, hiding in her purse. As they drive down the street, Mikaela asks, "So, if he's supposed to be like this super-advanced robot, why does he transform back into this piece-of-crap Camaro?,". Bumblebee slams on his brakes and pushes the kids out. Sam remarks, "See, now you've upset him", as Bumblebee speeds away. Suddenly Bumblebee spins around and gets up on two wheels, and his undercarriage scans a passing car. Bumblebee shifts and changes into a new-model Camaro, to Sam and Mikaela's amazement. They hop into Bumblebee and race away. The Feds interrogate Maggie and Glen, who reveal that the signal pointed Project Iceman and the Witwickies. Soon afterward, Defense Secretary Keller calls them in for continued help. Elsewhere, Epps and Lennox study Scorponok's tail and discover that high-temperature 105 Sabot rounds can hurt the robots. Next, several "meteors" fall from the sky. Autobots come out of the stasis pods and scan for vehicular forms. Most notably, Ironhide lands in a swimming pool; and a little girl who sees him asks if he's the tooth fairy. Bumblebee leads the two humans to the Autobots' meeting place, where they are introduced to Optimus Prime, Ratchet, Jazz, and Ironhide. Optimus Prime tells them about the AllSpark and how Megatron searched the Galaxy for it and was lost. He explained how Sam's grandfather discovered Megatron frozen in the ice and accidentally activated Megatron's navigational system, which imprinted Cybertronian script onto his eyeglasses. That script revealed the secret location of the AllSpark, and its recovery was of the gravest importance, because the Decepticons would use it to give life to Earth's machines, creating a new army of Decepticons, and causing humanity to go extinct. Sam leads them back to his home where the Autobots accidentally trample his yard and demolish the lawn decorations. Sam finally finds the glasses with his mother's help (after his mother has an embarrassing discussion in front of Mikaela concerning Sam's masturbation habits). Sam gets the glasses to Optimus Prime just before Sector 7 swoops in and arrests Sam and Mikaela. The Sector 7 operatives try to coerce info about the aliens from Sam and Mikaela, until Optimus Prime opens the agents' car like a tuna can and forces them to release the kids. The Autobots surround them and allow the kids to handcuff the agents all together, after Bumblebee pops off what looks like his oil filter and essentially urinates lubricant on Agent Simmons. Optimus notes that Simmons is neither afraid nor surprised to see the Autobots. The agents secretly alert the military, who try to track down Optimus Prime and the kids, while the other Autobots split up. Bumblebee is discovered trying to save the kids after they fall off of the hidden Optimus, and is captured by the government, along with Sam and Mikaela. Sam, Mikaela, Maggie, Glen and the captive Bumblebee are all taken by Sector 7 and Keller to Sector 7's secret base, deep within Hoover Dam, where they are shown "Project Iceman", the frozen form of Megatron. Sam tries to warn them about Megatron and catches their attention when he mentions the cube-shaped AllSpark. It turns out that all modern technology was reverse-engineered from Megatron's body and that the AllSpark could give that technology life, though it usually proved to be violent and destructive to organics. They demonstrate by infusing Glenn's cell phone with the Allspark's energy, and the phone transforms into a tiny robot who viciously attacks the humans. Frenzy sneaks out of Mikaela's purse and touches the AllSpark, regenerating his body; and he sends out a signal, telling the other Decepticons that the AllSpark has been found. Around the world different Decepticons respond: StarScream, Barricade, BoneCrusher, Blackout and Devastator all converge on Hoover Dam. Elsewhere the Autobots decipher the Allpark's location and also head to the Dam. Optimus states that, if they cannot win, he will sacrifice himself by absorbing the AllSpark into his own Spark, destroying the artifact and himself as well. Frenzy sabotages the cryo controls that keep Megatron frozen, and the Decepticon leader begins to wake up. Sam convinces Keller, with some help from Lennox, that Bumblebee is no threat and will in fact help them against Megatron. Bumblebee is reactivated and he transforms the AllSpark into a more portable form. They then proceed to escape from the Dam and make their stand in a nearby town. Megatron breaks free and is greeted by StarScream, who reports that the Autobots have fled with the AllSpark. Megatron remarks, "You have failed me, yet again, Starscream". As Megatron and Starscream went to assist the rest of the Decepticons in securing the All Spark, Frenzy remained at the dam to tie up any loose ends. When Agent Simmons, Secretary Keller, Maggie and Glen Whitmann ran to an ancient storage room to try and get a Morse Code message to the Air Force via shortwave radio, Frenzy followed. While Glen jury-rigged outdated machinery to send the messages, Simmons and Keller tried to shoot the diminutive Decepticon. Frenzy made it into the room via the air ducts and sent a series of flying blades at the humans. One, however, he ricocheted madly across the room, and is soon decapitated. With a muttered "oh sh*t," Frenzy collapsed, dead. Around the same time, the Autobots encounter Bonecrusher on the highway, flanked by Barricade, and Optimus takes Bonecrusher on. The two are carried over a high overpass and battle ensues below. Bonecrusher seems to be a powerful warrior, but Optimus proves to be his better and kills the Decepticon with a long sword blade from his arm. The Military and the Autobots try to set up defenses in the town, but that is soon disrupted by Megatron's arrival. Devastator and Blackout lay waste to different parts of the town, as they battle Ironhide and Ratchet. Starscream soon wounds Bumblebee, having both his legs destroyed, as well. Lennox calls in air support, but most of the jets are shot down by Starscream. Lennox then orders Sam to take the Allspark and take it to the highest building and use a signal flare to attract and escape upon evac helicopters. The Autobots try to run defense to protect Sam. Jazz takes on Megatron and is quickly killed by being ripped in two. Along the way, Sam accidentally releases a burst to the AllSpark's energy, which gives life to many nearby machines, including a car and a Mountain Dew machine, which then attack any humans within reach. Finally, Optimus Prime shows up declaring to Megatron that "one shall stand, one shall fall", and the two behemoths battle. Megatron overcomes Optimus and continues pursuing Sam. Atop the building Sam almost makes it to the helicopter, but it is destroyed before he can give them the cube. Megatron offers Sam the opportunity to survive as his pet if he would hand over the AllSpark. Sam refuses and Megatron attacks, causing Sam to fall off of the building. Optimus catches Sam, saving the boy and the AllSpark. On the ground he and Megatron square off again. Elsewhere Mikaela chains the legless Bumblebee to a tow truck and pulls him through the battle field, allowing the Autobot for shoot while she drives. They, with the help of Ratchet, Ironhide, Lennox and Epps, take out Devastator and Blackout. The battle reaches its climax, and Optimus asks Sam to release the AllSpark into his chest, but Sam releases it into Megatron's chest, killing the Decepticon leader. Optimus stands over Megatron, looking into his fading optics and laments for his "brother". In the aftermath, Bumblebee regains his ability to speak and asks that he might remain with Sam. Sector 7 is dismantled and all of the Decepticon bodies are dumped into the sea, where the cold and pressure should keep them from ever being retrieved. Optimus Prime laments that the AllSpark was destroyed, dashing any hopes of revitalizing Cybertron, so he instead broadcasts an invitation to any Autobots left to come make Earth their new home. Then the credits roll. During the credits it flashes back to a scene of Starscream flying up and out of Earth's atmosphere and rocketing into space... 
 Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2009)321) Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war. A youth chooses manhood. The week Sam Witwicky starts college, the Decepticons make trouble in Shanghai. A presidential envoy believes it's because the Autobots are around; he wants them gone. He's wrong: the Decepticons need access to Sam's mind to see some glyphs imprinted there that will lead them to a fragile object that, when inserted in an alien machine hidden in Egypt for centuries, will give them the power to blow out the sun. Sam, his girlfriend Mikaela Banes, and Sam's parents are in danger. Optimus Prime and Bumblebee are Sam's principal protectors. If one of them goes down, what becomes of Sam? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is revealed that thousands of years ago there was a race of ancient Transformers who scoured the universe looking for energon sources. Known as the Dynasty of Primes, they used machines called Sun Harvesters to drain stars of their energy in order to convert it to energon and power Cybertron's AllSpark. The Primes agreed that life-bearing worlds would be spared, but in 17,000 BC, one brother, thereafter dubbed "The Fallen", constructed a Sun Harvester on Earth. The remaining brothers thus sacrificed their bodies in order to hide the Matrix of Leadership the key that activates the Sun Harvester from The Fallen, who swore to seek revenge upon Earth. In the present day, two years after the events of the previous film, Optimus Prime is seen leading NEST, a military organization consisting of human troops and his own team of Autobots (including newcomers Arcee, Chromia, Elita One, Sideswipe, Jolt, and the twins Skids and Mudflap) aimed at killing the remaining Decepticons on Earth. While on a mission in Shanghai, Optimus and his team destroy Decepticons Sideways and Demolishor, being given a warning by the latter that "The Fallen will rise again". Back in the United States, Sam Witwicky (Shia LeBeouf) finds a splinter of the destroyed AllSpark, and upon contact the splinter fills his mind with Cybertronian symbols. Deeming it dangerous, Sam gives the AllSpark splinter to his girlfriend Mikaela Banes (Megan Fox) for safe keeping, and leaves her and Bumblebee behind to go off to college taken by his father (Kevin Dunn) and mother (Alice White) after their home was destroyed by some small decepticons created by the splinter. Upon arrival, Sam meets his college roommate Leo Spitz (Ramon Rodriguez), who runs an alien conspiracy website, and Alice (Isabel Lucas), a co-ed who makes sexual advances on him. Everything is chaotic, and Sam's mother gets high on some "special brownies". Back home, Decepticon Wheelie tries to steal the shard, only to be captured by Mikaela. Decepticon Soundwave hacks into a US satellite and learns the locations of the dead Decepticon leader Megatron and another piece of the All Spark. The Presidential advisor Gallaway (John Benjamin Hickey) suggests that the Decepticons are on Earth only to hunt down some Primes, so it'd be better for humans if all Primes left, and he says that the President of the USA is thinking about taking out their asylum. Sergeant Epps (Tyrese Gibson) defends the Primes, inquiring what would happen if the Primes leave and Decepticons still attack the Earth?, but the adviser tells him to shut up. The Decepticons retrieve the shard and use it to resurrect Megatron, who flies into space and is reunited with Starscream and his master, The Fallen in the Nemesis. The Fallen instructs Megatron and Starscream to capture Sam in order to discover the location of the Matrix of Leadership. After having a mental "incident" when he starts uncontrollably writing in Cybertronian language at a party,Sam continues acting strange including putting Professor Colan (Rainn Wilson) to shame in the middle of a lesson. In a panic, Sam calls Mikaela, who immediately leaves to get to him. With Sam's outbreaks worsening, Mikaela arrives at campus just as Alice is revealed to be a Decepticon Pretender attacks Sam. An irate Mikaela -who caught Sam kissing Alice on a bed-, Sam, and his roommate Leo drive off, destroying Alice, but are seized by the Decepticon Grindor. The Decepticon known as "The Doctor" prepares to remove Sam's brain, but Optimus and Bumblebee turn up and rescue him. In an ensuing fight, Optimus engages Megatron, Grindor and Starscream. Optimus manages to kill Grindor and rip off Starscream's arm, but during a momentary distraction while searching for Sam, he is blindsided then impaled and blasted through the chest by Megatron and dies. Megatron and Starscream depart as the Autobot team arrives to rescue Sam, unable to save Optimus. After Prime's death, The Fallen is freed from his captivity and Megatron orders a full-scale assault on the planet. The Fallen speaks to the world and demands they surrender Sam to the Decepticons or they will continue their attack. Sam, Mikaela, Leo, Bumblebee, the twins and Wheelie regroup, and Leo suggests his online rival "Robo-Warrior" may be of assistance. "Robo-Warrior" is revealed to be former Sector 7 agent Simmons (John Turturro), who informs the group that the symbols should be readable for a Decepticon. Mikaela then releases Wheelie, who can't read the language, but identifying it as that of the Primes, directs the group to a Decepticon seeker named Jetfire. They then find Jetfire at the F. Udvar-Hazy Center and reactivate him via the shard of the AllSpark. After teleporting the group to Egypt, Jetfire explains that only a Prime can kill The Fallen, and translates the symbols, which contain a riddle that sets the location of the Matrix of Leadership somewhere in the surrounding desert. By following the clues, the group arrive at the tomb where they ultimately find the Matrix, but it crumbles to dust in Sam's hands. Believing the Matrix can still revive Optimus, Sam collects the dust and instructs Simmons to call Major William Lennox (Josh Duhamel) to bring the other Autobots and Optimus's body. The military arrives with the Autobots, but so do the Decepticons, and a battle ensues. During the fight, Decepticon Devastator is formed and unearths the Sun Harvester from inside one of the pyramids before being destroyed by the US military with the help of agent Simmons. Jetfire arrives and destroys Mixmaster, but is mortally wounded by Scorponok. The Air Force bombs the Decepticons, but Megatron breaks through the offensive and kills Sam. While dead, Sam is contacted by the Dynasty of the Primes who, acknowledging his courage and dedication to Optimus, revive him and rebuild the Matrix of Leadership. Sam goes on to revive Optimus just in time before the Fallen ambushed him and his allies, slaughtering a few soldiers and takes off with the Matrix to activate the harvester. Jetfire sacrifices himself to have Optimus use his parts to fly to the harvester and successfully destroys it. Optimus engages The Fallen and gets the upper hand until Megatron interferes. Optimus easily defeats Megatron and cripples him, who calls Starscream for help. The Fallen fights Optimus again and starts to tear his new armour apart but Optimus injures him easily. Wounded, The Fallen attempts to escape but Optimus rips his spark out from his chest, finally killing him, all while Megatron watches in horror. After agreeing to a suggestion to retreat, Megatron (who is now the leader of the Decepticons once more) vows revenge and retreats with Starscream. The film ends with Optimus, who is alongside Sam on an aircraft carrier, sending a message into space saying that the humans and Transformers both share a common past. During the credits, Sam is seen returning to college. 
 Transformers: Age of Extinction (2014)871) When humanity allies with a bounty hunter in pursuit of Optimus Prime, the Autobots turn to a mechanic and his family for help. After the battle between the Autobots and Decepticons that leveled Chicago, humanity thinks that all alien robots are a threat. So Harold Attinger, a CIA agent, establishes a unit whose sole purpose is to hunt down all of them. But it turns out that they are aided by another alien robot who is searching for Optimus Prime. Cade Yeager, a "robotics expert", buys an old truck and upon examining it, he thinks it's a Transformer. When he powers it up, he discovers it's Optimus Prime. Later, men from the unit show up looking for Optimus. He helps Yeager and his daughter Tessa escape but are pursued by the hunter. They escape and Yeager learns from technology he took from the men that a technology magnate and defense contractor named Joshua Joyce is part of what's going on, so they go to find out what's going on. rcs0411@yahoo.com For five years after the Decepticon invasion of Chicago, the Autobots were granted sanctuary into the Earth. Believing they are a threat, they were secretly eliminated by an elite CIA unit with the help of a Transformer bounty hunter, Lockdown. Because of this, Optimus has since lost his faith in humanity after the ambush that caused his injury and even considers leaving the planet until Cade Yeager, a mechanic, convinces him to reconsider his faith in humanity after helping him slightly recover. Together with his family, they join the Autobots to exterminate the bounty hunter, the reincarnated Megatron (in the form of Galvatron), and the Cemetery Wind (elite CIA unit tasked with killing Transformers). Jeffrey Dulay Fragata Five years after defeating Sentinel Prime and Megatron in Chicago, the Autobots have gone into hiding after the government deemed all Transformers as threats, and thus, began to hunt them all down. The government have thus replaced the Autobots with their own Transformers using technology from the fallen Transformers. For a reward, Texas mechanic Cade Yeager finds a truck that turns out to be the leader of the Autobots known as Optimus Prime. As the government hunts down all Transformers, Cade and his family are involved in the business between a bounty hunter and Optimus. Kris S. After five years the battle of the Chicago, the Nest have been shut down, and a retired CIA- Harold Attinger formed an organisation to hunt down the Autobots, believing they are the ones bringing the risk to Earth. So, any alien must be eliminated. Therefore, Optimus, an autobot leader, order his team to hide from the humans. Tony Saw Five Years after the Battle of Chicago, The Autobots are known now as a Threat to Humanity. A CIA Black Ops Unit known as Cemetery Wind begins hunting down the Autobots and killing them. In Texas, Inventor Cade Yeager finds a broken down old truck and decides to sell it for an Auction. He then finds out that the Broke Down Truck is Optimus Prime. Cemetery Wind then finds out Where Optimus is and Invades Yeagers Home. Yeager, His Daughter, His Daughters Boyfriend, Optimus, Bumblebee, Crosshairs, Drift and Hound are now on the run and wanted by the US Government. And to make things worse, A Bounty Hunter coming from Cybertron known as Lockdown is after Optimus and is Allies with the Government. And now They are all on the run and It's up to them to stop Lockdown and Cemetery Wind. ahmetkozan In the devastating aftermath of the fight for humanity, an enigmatic group strives to alter the course of history as an ancient force of evil plots the destruction of mankind. In order to defeat it, Optimus Prime (voice of Peter Cullen) and the rest of the Autobots must join forces with a new, resilient band of humans who will fight an epic battle that will determine the fate of the entire human race.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After defeating Sentinel Prime and Megatron's army in Chicago, the Autobots have gone into hiding after the government deemed all transformers as threats, and thus, began to hunt them all down. The government has thus replaced the Autobots with their own transformers using technology from the fallen transformers. Meanwhile, a mechanic, his daughter, and his daughter's boyfriend become dragged into the conflict upon discovering Optimus Prime in their possession, and all the while, a mysterious new enemy, Lockdown, sets his eyes on earth. _________ In the three years since the Battle of Chicago, the Transformers have become outlaws. At the behest of CIA Agent Harold Attinger (Kelsey Grammer), a major campaign has been brought about to hunt down and destroy and and all Autobots or Decepticons that are still active. Unknown to several different parties, Attinger is also working with an intergalactic bounty hunter named Lockdown (Mark Ryan). Working with a mercenary team known as The Cemetery Wind (led by James Savoy (Titus Welliver)), the group manages to find the Autobot Ratchet hiding in Mexico. After wounding the former Autobot medical officer, Lockdown demands to know where Optimus Prime is. When Ratchet refuses to tell, Lockdown rips Ratchet's 'spark' from his chest, and hands it over to Savoy and his team. Meanwhile, in Paris, Texas, inventor Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg) and his partner Lucas Flannery (T.J. Miller) investigate an old movie theater for mechanical pieces they can probably salvage. While going through the dilapidated auditorium, Cade is amazed to find a flat-nosed semi truck hidden amongst the debris. Stranger still, the former theater's owner has no recollection of how it got there! Cade purchases several of the theater's mechanical pieces intending to refurbish them, and the semi rig, intending to strip it down for parts. Needless to say, his daughter Tessa (Nicola Peltz) does not find his latest endeavor as anything more than her father shirking his responsibilities (their home is in danger of foreclosure, and Cade has been siphoning power from a neighbor). Cade still contends that his inventions and intentions will yield results, and help pay the way for Tessa to go to college. While going over the semi-truck, Cade is surprised to find that the insides of the truck still activate, even though various mechanisms should have been damaged given its damaged state. When Cade hooks up a battery to the engine, and hears a booming voice say "Calling all Autobots," the inventor is sure he's found a Transformer! Lucas claims that if they report the truck to the government, they could make $25-100,000 off of the find, which Tessa also backs up as a good idea (given that the money will pay off their debts, and give them some money she can use for going to college). However, Cade refuses, and instead wants to restore the truck, and investigate what makes it tick, confident that its alien technology can help him make his own creations work. As he attempts to fix up the truck, it violently transforms before them all, into Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen). Optimus at first thinks that Cade and the others are there to hurt him, but Cade assures Optimus that he just wants to help. Optimus then tells how he was ambushed, and sent a message to the rest of his Autobot colleagues to hide, as an unknown party wants to hunt them down. Things heat up when someone reports Cade's purchase of the semi truck, and soon, the Cemetary Wind are dispatched to Cade's property, where Savoy threatens to kill Tessa unless Cade gives them Optimus. Hearing Cade and his family is in danger, Optimus blows his cover, attempting to buy his human comrades some time to escape. In the firefight, Cade manages to grab a small drone that the Cemetary Wind guys are using. Luckily, Tessa' (secret) boyfriend Shane Dyson (Jack Reynor) just happened to be coming by in his Rally Racer, and they pile in as Savoy and his men give chase. Optimus himself takes off, but is soon accousted by a grey Lamborghini, which is Lockdown! Both battles collide in the ruins of an old factory, where Shane's rally-racing skills help them take off most of the Cemetary Wind's crew. However, when the axle breaks, the group runs for it, but not before Lockdown unleashes a flash-metal weapon, that catches Lucas, encasing him in metal, as Cade, Tessa, and Shane jump into Optimus and drive away. Optimus takes the humans to a dilapidated Gas Station, and drives off for bit, to make sure they haven't been followed. At the station, Cade is incensed that his daughter was seeing a boy behind his back (as he had forbid her to date anyone), though Shane and Tessa insist that they have known each other since high school. When Cade mentions Lucas' Irish accent, the young man mentions that he came to the states to Rally Race (and currently has Red Bull as a sponsor). However, given that his means of racing has been wrecked, he is willing to stick with Cade and Tessa, though mainly to take care of his girlfriend. After the spat, Cade manages to use some technology in the old station, and hacks into the mini-drone he grabbed during the firefight. He is able to view the imagery it has recorded, including images that show the destruction of Autobots Ratchet, and Leadfoot, by the Cemetary Wind crew. When Optimus Prime returns the next day, the group heads west towards Monument Valley, but not before stopping off at a small ATM. Using the drone, Cade attempts to have it use his ATM card, only to find that certain parties have locked his account. Needless to say, the transaction attempt is found out by Attinger, and a group of police cars quickly descend on the location looking for Cade, but the group is long gone. As they near Monument Valley, Optimus scans a passing long-nose semi truck, and his exterior turns into a flashier, more modern semi rig, complete with red flames on a blue body. Pulling up into Monument Valley, several other Autobots emerge from hiding: Hound (John Goodman), Drift (Ken Watanabe), Crosshairs (John DiMaggio), and Bumblebee. The other Autobots are wary of the humans Optimus has brought, but soften when their leader tells how they have helped him. Shortly afterwards, Cade shows the group the mini-drone's footage, and the other Autobots want to find out why they are being hunted. Cade also wishes to help them, to find out the people responsible for threatening his family. Their investigation leads them to a company named KSI, located in Chicago, Illinois. KSI is headed by future-tech wunderkind Joshua Joyce (Stanley Tucci), who has been working with Chinese Entrepreneur Su Yueming (Bingbing Li) and Harold Attinger, to create man-made Transformers, to eventually be used for Military use. Studying the remains of Megatron, Sentinel Prime, and numerous other pieces of alien hardware from after the Chicago war, the group has managed to synthesize a metal called "Transformium," which when given commands through a computer, can be manipulated into various shapes. KSI has already made a drone based around Bumblebee's design, named Stinger, but Joyce's major project is an even bigger drone that he has named Galvatron. However, the attempts to make Galvatron to Joyce's standards has not worked, as all prototypes have been unable to form properly from the Transformium used, and the final robot design does not meet Joyce's request to make it resemble Optimus Prime. With Bumblebee's help, Cade and Shane manage to have fake ID badges made, and Cade manages to infiltrate KSI. Using the mini-drone, Cade beams imagery back to the Autobots about what he is seeing, including a small Autobot named Brains (Reno Wilson), and the severed head of Ratchet, which is being melted down to obtain the Transformium material within him. Unfortunately, the use of Cade's ID badge is found to be fake, and he is caught by security, and taken to see Attinger. Attinger tells Cade that what he has seen is a precaution, to make sure that the world will be safe, and demands to know where Optimus Prime is. However, Cade still refuses to talk. The image of a fallen comrade's remains being mutilated sends Prime into a fury, and he leads the Autobots on a charge into KSI's facilities. Bee manages to rescue Cade from Attinger's office, and the group then breaks into the manufacturing floor, intending to destroy the works before Joshua Joyce appears. Joyce claims that what is being done is as a deterrent to any further Transformer damage, and claims that the humans "don't need" the Autobots anymore. The group does manage to free Brains from his captivity. Optimus Prime then leads the others out of the factory, only for Attinger to then accost Joyce, claiming the Autobots have pretty much declared "open war" on the humans by breaking into the factory. Attinger is able to coerce Joyce into using Stinger and Galvatron to take down the Autobots. On a highway leading out of Chicago, the two human-controlled drones transform, and attempt to take down the Autobots. Of the two, it is Galvatron who is sent after Optimus Prime, who attempts to stab Galvatron in his 'spark chamber,' but finds none. When Prime is surprised that his combatant doesn't have a spark, the human-made Transformer growls, "that is why I have no fear!" Suddenly, a volley of shots knocks Optimus Prime to the ground, and Lockdown and his ship appear. As Galvatron then drives away, Lockdown glowers over Optimus Prime, telling him that his Creators "want him back." A net is then deployed, and Optimus Prime is hoisted up into Lockdown's ship, along with a nearby vehicle. It happens that Tessa had sought refuge in the vehicle, and Cade attempts to get her out, but fails. Lockdown then has Optimus Prime put in a cage, and Optimus Prime notes several other aliens in cages. He is also informed that the ship was originally used by a group of Legendary Knights, until Lockdown converted it into his prison ship. As the ship makes it's way over Chicago, Attinger is informed of Optimus Prime's capture, and arranges for Savoy to meet on Lockdown's ship. Though a number of government agencies want to fire on the ship, Attinger uses his clout to call a cease fire, claiming he has "an asset" on the ship. As it flies low over a bridge, Cade, Shane, and the other Transformers clamber aboard. While the Autobots manage to rescue Optimus Prime, Cade and Shane find Tessa, who has seen Savoy take receipt of a silver object called "the Seed" from Lockdown, as part of the deal for capturing Optimus Prime. Cade and Shane also find their way into a strange weaponry, and Cade takes possession of a sword that opens into a laser gun. To cause a distraction, Crosshairs has the ship's docking cables deploy, causing them to attach to The Willis Tower, and stop the ship from warping into space. This allows Cade, Shane, and Tessa to scale down onto the tower with Bumblebee's help. Crosshairs soon appears in a gunship, and the group hope aboard, as several gunships from Lockdown's ship give chase. Meanwhile, having finally detached the mooring cables, Lockdown prepares to go into warp, but Prime and the others find his prison cell is actually a detachable ship, and fly away before they can go into space, with Optimus Prime certain Lockdown will be far away before he finds out what has happened. Back at KSI, it is decided that in order to continue operations, all the equipment will be moved to their Hong Kong facility. Joyce is also upset that control of Galvatron in the fight was lost at several points... let alone that the Transformer spoke (something it was not programmed to do)! The Autobots and humans regroup near a train yard, where Optimus Prime says that during his fight with Galvatron, he sensed the presence of his old nemesis: Megatron. Brains then confirms this, as he was forced to decipher functionality still present in the Decepticon's brain, which helped formulate the building of Galvatron's body (and explains why Joshua Joyce could not get the system to make Galvatron resemble Optimus Prime). Galvatron also used his knowledge to allow Joyce to build Stinger and the other drones, with plans to turn them into Galvatron's new army. Tessa soon explains about the seed she saw, and Optimus explains about how their creators used the seed, to wipe out species on planets, and harvest life-giving metal... the kind that created them, the Transformers! Drift then intercepts a communications message containing information that Joyce is going to KSI's factory in China. After finding this out, Cade calls Joyce, and relays what they have learned regarding Galvatron. Knowing Joyce is also an inventor with a heart, Cade pleads with Joyce to deactivate Galvatron before things escalate. As the police are arriving at the train yard, Cade, Tessa and Shane join the Autobots on the spaceship. But Optimus Prime states that the Autobots are going to Hong Kong to retrieve the Seed, but after that, they are done defending the humans. Cade voices out his disagreement over this to no response by Optimus Prime. It is shown that Lockdown finally realizes that his captive had escaped from him, and the transformer insists to his pilot to reverse course and head back to Earth. Lockdown grumbles about Optimus Prime taking his 'trophy case' and that the Prime shall feel Lockdown's wrath for it. Joyce then meets with Attinger and Savoy, who present him with the Seed. Joyce's plans are to detonate the seed in a region of the Mongolian desert, then harvest the results, which should give them enough Transformium to increase production for Military use. Attinger is eager for them to now ramp up production, but grows incensed when Joyce thinks they should slow down (obviously moved by Cade's premonition). Meanwhile, on the factory floor, Galvatron suddenly activates, and begins to infect the other KSI-created Transformers (of which there are over 50!). Joyce quickly has Attinger and Savoy shuffled out of the building when the alarm goes off regarding Galvatron. He then gets into a car with Yueming and an associated named Darcy (Sophia Myles), along with the seed. As the three drive away, they soon decide they need to find a place to hide the seed. As dawn rises, Darcy drives off in their car to create a diversion, while Yueming attempts to help Joyce get the seed out of the city. During their escape, Joyce texts his scientists to find out the blast radius of the seed... and is told that it has the range of a thermo-nuclear device! As Joyce takes refuge on a rooftop, the Autobots' ship approaches, and attempt to scoop up Joyce and the seed. However, Galvatron and his drones have appeared, and attempt to shoot down the ship. This causes the humans, Bumblebee, and Hound to spill out of the open gantry, as the ship spirals off into a mountainous area nearby, with Prime, Crosshairs, and Drift (along with the captured Legendary Knights aboard). As Hound and Bumblebee attempt to fight off the drones, the Cade and the others attempt to get down from the roof, only to be fired on by Savoy nearby! Cade draws Savoy off, and the two have a chase across the rooftops, before a fight in a small apartment sends Savoy out a window to his death. Attinger who has witnessed the death of Savoy, then receives a message from Lockdown. Attinger then confirms to Lockdown that Prime is nearby, and Lockdown begins his journey back to Earth. Meanwhile, Hound and Bumblebee are greatly outnumbered by the drones, and radio their situation to their friends. Optimus then takes one of the swords from the ship, and frees the other Legendary Knights who were captured aboard the ship: aka, the Dinobots! Prime promises their freedom if they will help the Autobots. With that, the 4 released beings transform, and head towards the fight! With their help, the Autobots manage to destroy the drones, but Galvatron escapes in the fight while Stinger is killed by Bumblebee. However, the mood is broken when Lockdown's ship appears, and begins to suck up anything metal! It almost ends up taking the seed and Optimus, before the Prime uses his weapons, disables its anti-gravity mechanism! Prime then follows the ship to a silo on an island off of Hong Kong, where Lockdown descends, angered and ready to destroy the bounty that took his trophies! Cade rushes off to help Optimus, but is accosted by Attinger, who is willing to kill Cade for disrupting his plans. However, in the fight nearby, Optimus notices Cade in danger, and fires on Attinger, killing him instantly! However, this move leaves Prime wide open, and Lockdown impales Optimus with his own sword! Just when it looks like the end, Bumblebee returns, with Shane and Tessa, who use a nearby tow truck and its cable to help knock Lockdown off his feet, and pull the sword from Optimus' chest. Just as it seems Lockdown is about to dispatch Cade!, the help manages to allow Optimus to finally slice Lockdown in half, killing the villainous bounty hunter. Optimus then uses Lockdown's grenade to destroy all the remaining KSI Drones, before escaping with the Yeagers and Shane, Galvatron realizes this and uses Lockdown's ship to flee, but before departing his last words are "We shall meet again Prime! For I am reborn!" In the aftermath, Optimus tells the other Autobots and his human comrades who have helped him, that there is still someone looking for him. He intends to take the seed away from Earth, and possibly try to find out who sent Lockdown after him. Using some rocket boosters in his feet, Optimus shoots out of the Atmosphere, and into space... intent to find his Creators. 
 Armageddon (1998)431) After discovering that an asteroid the size of Texas is going to impact Earth in less than a month, NASA recruits a misfit team of deep-core drillers to save the planet. Due to a shuttle's unfortunate demise in outer space, NASA becomes aware of a doomsday asteroid that is on a collision course with Earth. It seems that the only way to knock it off course is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear weapon. But as NASA's under-funded yet resourceful team train the world's best drillers for the job, the social order of the world begins to break down as the information reaches the public and hysteria results. As high-ranking officials play politics with the effort, the drilling team all faces deep personal issues which may jeopardize humanity's last chance... Paul Cezanne <Cezanne36@hotmail.com> After New York City is damaged by hundreds of small meteorites, NASA discovers an asteroid the size of Texas is on a collision course with Earth. They recruit the best deep core driller in the world, Harry Stamper, to train astronauts who will go to the asteroid, drill into the center and detonate a nuclear warhead. Harry says he can't train men how to drill in ten days, so he brings in his own team of roughnecks to learn to become astronauts and get the job done. One of his team is the fianc of his own daughter. Jason Ihle <jrihl@conncoll.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An opening narration (by Charlton Heston) recounts the history of a asteroid impact on Earth roughly 65 million years ago. The asteroid, measuring only about six miles wide, impacted near the Yucatan Peninsula and cause an extinction-level event that killed nearly all life on Earth. The narrator warns that the likelihood of such an event happening again is very probable. While fixing a satellite in orbit, the Space Shuttle Atlantis is destroyed by a meteor shower, killing the entire crew. Meteorites then bombard New York City and several other parts of the world, and NASA discovers that an asteroid the size of Texas, traveling at 22,000 miles per hour, will collide with Earth in 18 days, effectively destroying the planet. The scientists at NASA - in cooperation with the Russian, Japanese and French space agencies - plan to detonate a nuclear bomb at a precise point under the asteroid's surface which will split it in two, and cause it to miss the Earth. However, the bombs must be planted at least 800 feet below the surface within eight hours of landing, and no later than four hours before the Earth impact. The mission is not revealed to the public, fearing panic. NASA locates Harry Stamper (Bruce Willis), regarded as the world's best deep-core oil driller, to train NASA astronauts for the drilling. When invited to NASA, Harry brings his 20-something daughter Grace (Liv Tyler) to keep her away from A.J. (Ben Affleck), a young, rambunctious member of his crew who, he has just discovered, has been sleeping with her. Harry is disappointed and infuriated because he did not want his daughter to marry an oil driller like himself or remain in the blue collar life. Head of NASA Dan Truman (Billy Bob Thornton) informs Harry of the dire situation. After hearing Truman's grim scenario, Harry asks if the only job will be to drill the hole and put the bombs down. Truman assures Harry that the only job will be to drill, and no spacewalks or other astronaut duties will be involved, and Harry decides to recruit his own oil-drilling crew for the job to ensure it is done properly. NASA agents then collect all of Harry's crew whom include: Jayotis "Bear" Kurleenbear (Michael Clarke Duncan), Max Lennert (Ken Hudson Campbell), Ben 'Rockhound' Davis (Steve Buscemi), Oscar Choice (Owen Wilson), Charles "Chick" Chapple (Will Patton) and some others. They are informed by Harry and NASA of the grim situation they - and the world - are faced with. The men agree to do it, provided NASA grants their demands - and are put through a 12-day training program. They meet their mission commanders; Col. Willie Sharp, USAF (William Fichtner) and NASA pilot Jennifer Watts (Jessica Steen) will command the X-71 Space Shuttle 'Freedom', while Col. Davis, USAF (Marshall Teague) and NASA pilot Tucker (Anthony Guidera) will command the other shuttle, the 'Independence'. The men are introduced to a massive, tank-like drilling rig called the 'Armadillo', one of which will be carried on each Shuttle, and the men outfit the Armadillos with the proper equipment. After a meteorite strikes Shanghai, China, destroying the city and causing a tsunami, the incoming asteroid and pending mission are revealed to the world. The Freedom and Independence are launched and dock at a Russian space station (crewed by Lev Andropov) to refuel with liquid oxygen propellant. A.J. encounters a problem stopping the pumps after the ships' tanks are full, and the crews are forced to quickly evacuate back to their shuttles and flee as the station explodes. The crews and Lev Andropov escape. Several hours later, the two shuttles perform a high G-force powered slingshot procedure around the Moon, traveling at 22,500 miles per hour to intercept the asteroid. Entering the asteroid's wake, the Independence is struck by debris, crippling its main thrusters. Col. Davis orders A.J. and his men to don their own oxygen supply & lock themselves in the cargo bay with the Armadillo. As they do, a huge piece of debris smashes out the Independence's cockpit windows and Col. Davis & pilot Tucker are killed in the decompression. In the Freedom, following, Harry sees a writhing, twisting shape and screams, 'Sharp what the hell is that? Is that the Independence?'; his question is answered with a loud 'BANG' as a body hits the Freedom's front window. Col. Sharp informs Houston of the loss of the Independence and, presumably, its crew. The crippled Independence crash-lands on the asteroid, killing most of its crew, including Oscar Choice and Freddie Noonan. AJ, Lev and Bear survive. The Freedom lands on the surface but misses the target landing zone, arriving on an area of hard iron which will be difficult to drill through. The Freedom team tries to drill but suffers several setbacks and losses due to unexpected conditions -- their first drill-head is destroyed after only a few yards and they blow a transmission, forcing a lengthy swap with a new one. A.J., Andropov, and Bear board the Armadillo, which somehow survived the crash intact, and A.J. starts following a signal on the vehicle's tracking screen, which he hopes will lead them to the Freedom - and Harry's crew. The men are forced to attempt an Evel Knievel-like jump across a massive gorge on the asteroid, and thanks to some heroics from Andropov, they succeed and carry on towards the signal. After losing communication with Earth, the drilling mission is put on hold -- Harry's crew has only reached a depth of 57 feet after two hours of work. Sharp contacts NASA for instructions -- the US President orders that the bomb be detonated on the surface in the hopes that the explosion will divert the asteroid away from Earth. The bomb's timer is activated. A surface explosion, however, would not be sufficient to divert the asteroid. Truman manages to buy some time by having a NASA controller kill the uplink for the detonator, but the controller is quickly set upon by USAF security officials and the timer is re-activated. On the Freedom, Chick sees the bomb timer counting down, and Harry summons Col. Sharp. The Colonel informs him of the 'Secondary Protocol' which he is under orders to protect, to allow the device to detonate on the surface. After overpowering Sharp, Harry convinces the Colonel that he will drill to 800 feet, no matter what, and Sharp responds, "Then let's turn this bomb OFF!", and de-activates the bomb. Sharp then joins Harry's men to help them attempt to finish the job. With just 250 feet left to drill, their drilling machine is blasted off the asteroid by a gas vent, killing Max in the process. When the crew radio report to NASA that the mission has failed, worldwide panic ensues as humanity braces for the end of the world. A massive meteoroid then strikes Paris, destroying most of the city. Not long after Paris is struck, the Freedom crew is trying to figure out what to do next when Harry spots a light on the side of his visor. He turns around to see the lights of a vehicle on the cliff above them. It is the second Armadillo, driven to the site by the survivors of the Independence. Harry puts A.J. in charge of finishing the drilling and they successfully drill to the necessary depth. The team lowers the nuclear bomb into the hole, but are caught in a rock storm. The storm kills crew member Gruber and damages the remote on the bomb, rendering remote detonation useless. With 18 minutes left, Truman tells the team that someone must stay behind to detonate the bomb. Sharp & Watts must stay to fly the shuttle home, so the remaining men draw straws. A.J. is chosen after drawing straws, and Col. Sharp demonstrates to A.J. how to manually activate the detonator. Harry volunteers to take A.J. down, and when the elevator reaches the bottom Harry disables A.J.'s air supply and takes his place. The Freedom tries to leave but experiences engine failure, and once again Andropov comes to the rescue and gets the shuttle's thrusters & main engines going again. Harry sends a message to his daughter from the Armadillo's video feed, giving his full support for her to marry A.J. Seconds later, the Freedom races away from the asteroid, and Colonel Sharp whispers a final goodbye - and thank-you - to Harry. Harry detonates the bomb exactly at the deadline, causing the asteroid to split in two and miss the Earth by 400 miles, at the cost of his own life. In the wake of one of the massive pieces is the Freedom, heading for home. On the ground, celebrations take place around the world that the asteroid threat is gone. The remaining men & women of Freedom and Independence return to Earth as heroes. As the Freedom touches down at KSC, it is met with the fire crews and families of the astronauts. A.J. reunites with Grace; Chick is met by his son and former wife; Rockhound is met by Molly Mounds - a stripper he had met the night before leaving on the mission; Col. Sharp meets with Grace and offers his gratitude - and admiration - for her father's bravery & selflessness. As the end credits roll, we see Grace and A.J.'s wedding; the guests include Col. Sharp, Bear, Rockhound & Molly, Lev Andropov, and Chick and his former wife, Denise. In the front row stand the photographs of Harry, Oscar, Max and Noonan - the other lost crew members who are remembered. 