nm0004335:

 War (2019)321) An Indian soldier chases after his mentor who has gone rogue following an unexpected kill. India's top agent Kabir (Hrithik Roshan) leads the Elite Shadow Unit of R&AW, a compact group of the crme de la crme of the armed forces who are personally trained by him and work with him on various high-risk missions across the world. Among Kabir and Colonel Luthra's key targets are an international arms baron Rizwan Ilyasi who has been key in various acts of terrorism against the country. Khalid (Tiger Shroff) has fought his way up the ranks of the Indian armed forces. His greatest challenge and battle has been to fight against the sins of his father, once a decorated soldier working with Kabir who had turned a traitor. His ambition has been to join Kabir's team to remove any stains on their family name. Kabir is not keen due to their past history, but Colonel Luthra requests him to, and gradually Kabir is also impressed by Khalid's intense dedication and grit. Khalid becomes Kabir's greatest soldier ever, flirting with death repeatedly in mission after mission as they go after the country's enemies, including a mission against Rizwan Ilyasi that nearly kills Khalid. But Khalid's greatest mission, his toughest yet, is still to come. When his own mentor Kabir turns rogue and starts to go after top officials and scientists and officers in the Indian establishment, targeting and executing them viciously across the world. Colonel Luthra is unsure if Khalid has it in him to go after Kabir. Is he clever enough to hunt the man who trained him, and even if he does get him, does he have it in him to put a bullet in his hero's head? Luthra advises Khalid against the mission but he insists - he is the best protg and the only one who can track the mentor. And only Kabir can answer the crucial question - why did he turn rogue? A vicious cat and mouse game ensues as protg goes after mentor in a war that spills across the globe. As the chase unravels both Kabir and Khalid begin to finally realize, what desperate stakes really drive them in this terrifying war. Official Source Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. India's top agent Kabir (Hrithik Roshan) leads the Elite Shadow Unit of R&AW, a compact group of the crme de la crme of the armed forces who are personally trained by him and work with him on various high-risk missions across the world. Among Kabir and Colonel Luthra's key targets are an international arms baron Rizwan Ilyasi who has been key in various acts of terrorism against the country. Khalid (Tiger Shroff) has fought his way up the ranks of the Indian armed forces. His greatest challenge and battle has been to fight against the sins of his father, once a decorated soldier working with Kabir who had turned a traitor. His ambition has been to join Kabir's team to remove any stains on their family name. Kabir is not keen due to their past history, but Colonel Luthra requests him to, and gradually Kabir is also impressed by Khalid's intense dedication and grit. Khalid becomes Kabir's greatest soldier ever, flirting with death repeatedly in mission after mission as they go after the country's enemies, including a mission against Rizwan Ilyasi that nearly kills Khalid. But Khalid's greatest mission, his toughest yet, is still to come. When his own mentor Kabir turns rogue and starts to go after top officials and scientists and officers in the Indian establishment, targeting and executing them viciously across the world. Colonel Luthra is unsure if Khalid has it in him to go after Kabir. Is he clever enough to hunt the man who trained him, and even if he does get him, does he have it in him to put a bullet in his hero's head? Luthra advises Khalid against the mission but he insists - he is the best protg and the only one who can track the mentor. And only Kabir can answer the crucial question - why did he turn rogue? A vicious cat and mouse game ensues as protg goes after mentor in a war that spills across the globe. As the chase unravels both Kabir and Khalid begin to finally realize, what desperate stakes really drive them in this terrifying war. 
 Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara (2011)211) Three friends decide to turn their fantasy vacation into reality after one of their friends gets engaged. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning of the film, Kabir (Abhay Deol) proposes to Natasha (Kalki Koechlin). Their families meet at the engagement party. At the party, Natasha learns that Kabir is planning a three-week bachelor road trip to Spain with his school friends Imraan (Farhan Akhtar) and Arjun (Hrithik Roshan). Kabir explains that the three have a long-standing pact, and that during the road trip, each of them will have to pick an adventure sport, which all three will try together. Initially, Arjun is reluctant to take part in the trip due to his workaholism and obsession with money. It is later revealed that Arjun's ex-girlfriend left him due to this reason. Imraan has an additional personal agenda on the tripto find his biological father Salman Habib (Naseeruddin Shah), an artist in Spain. The trio set off to Spain, where they plan to visit Costa Brava, Seville, and Pamplona. On the way to Costa Brava, Imraan and Kabir find it annoying that Arjun works even during the trip. Imran casually throws Arjun's phone out of their car while he was in the middle of an important call. This leads to a misunderstanding, which ends up in a violent argument. Arjun, in a fit of rage, accuses Imraan of having an affair, four years back, with Arjun's previous girlfriend (a topic which was very sensitive both to Arjun and Imraan). After getting consoled by Kabir and reaching their destination, they meet an Indian American named Laila (Katrina Kaif) in a beach. Imraan flirts with her and makes Arjun jealous. Kabir reveals that he has chosen deep sea diving as their first sport, and they later find that Laila is their diving instructor. Arjun, who cannot swim and is aquaphobic, receives assistance from Laila. She helps him overcome his fears and finish the sport successfully. Upon a request by Laila, they attend the La Tomatina festival held in Buol with her and meet Nuria (Ariadna Cabrol). Meanwhile, Natasha becomes suspicious of Kabir's involvement with Laila and crashes his bachelor party trip, much to Kabir's discomfort in front of his friends. Imraan spends time with Nuria, and Arjun with Laila. After the boys leave, Laila realizes she has fallen in love with Arjun and chases them on a bike, not wanting to regret their partition if they don't meet in future. She and Arjun express their feelings for each other with a passionate kiss. On the way to Seville, Kabir drops Natasha at the airport, while Arjun and Imraan notices that something is wrong between her and Kabir. The trio visit Seville for sky diving, as per Arjun's choice. During the task, Imraan is forced to confront his acrophobia and hesitates to take part. However, they complete it without any obstacles. After skydiving, the three men go to a bar and get into a fight with a stranger on whom they had tried to pull a prank. They are jailed after the fight. Salman, Imraan's father, bails them out and takes them to his home. While speaking to Imraan, Salman reveals that he never wanted the responsibility of a married life with kids, while Imraan's mother did, which is why he never contacted Imraan. Imraan, heartbroken, realises how it would have felt when he had hurt Arjun four years back. He earnestly apologises to Arjun, and he readily forgives Imraan. The trio leave for the bull run in Pamplona, which was Imraan's choice. When confronted by his friends, Kabir confesses to Arjun and Imraan that he is still not ready for a marriage, but could not tell this to Natasha as he did not want to hurt her. On the morning of the Bull-run, Imraan suggests they make a pact to make a promise if they survive the event. Imraan vows to publish his poetry (he was secretly a poet), Arjun vows to go to Morocco with Laila to spend the rest of his life with her, and Kabir promises to tell Natasha that he is not ready to marry her. As they complete the event, the friends gain a renewed sense of their relationships with each other, with others they know, and with themselves. As the credits roll, Imraan, Kabir, Nuria and Natasha are shown attending the wedding of Arjun and Laila in Morocco. Kabir and Natasha did not marry, but remain friends. 
 Lakshya (2004)321) An aimless, jobless, irresponsible grown man joins the army and matures into a battlefield hero. Karan, a spoiled teenager, joins the Indian Army on a whim but backs out when he finds a soldier's life to be difficult. When this creates conflict with his girlfriend, he reenlists and proves his mettle by becoming an officer just as war breaks out. muftiulbabu Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Karan Shergill (Hrithik Roshan) is a aimless young man from Delhi who has no goals for his future. His father (Boman Irani) is a wealthy businessman and his older brother Udesh has joined the family business and is living in the USA. His life revolves around hanging out with his friends at college and spending time with his girlfriend, Romila Dutta (Preity Zinta), also known as Romi, a committed student activist and aspiring journalist. Although Romi parents are fond of Karan, her father notices his lack of direction in life and advises him whatever job he chooses, he should do with sincerity. After Karan leaves, Romi father tells Romi that Karan needs to find a Lakshya (Aim) in his life. Karan's father worries for his future and reminds him of Udesh success as a way of motivating him. While at the local balling alley, Karan and his friends are surprised when their friend Parvesh announces he is going to join the Indian Army and this gets Karan thinking about his own future plans. Karan later watches the Hollywood movie Commando and is inspired to apply to the Indian Military Academy (IMA) as well and is selected to take their written exam. However, Parvesh quickly backs out. Karan's father finds the entrance letter and angrily confronts him for having made such a huge decision without consulting him. Romi encourages a bitter Karan to continue with his aim but urges him not to join the army out of anger at his father. However, Karan remains firm in his decision and expresses his desire to marry Romi in the future to which Romi consents. Karan's father is dubious of his selection and convinces his worried wife that Karan will return in a few days. Karan eventually passes all entry requirements and is selected into the IMA training program-me. However, he's undisciplined and unused to life there and keeps receiving punishments from the training team. Despite his fellow cadets trying to encourage him, an upset Karan runs away from the academy and is forced to confront his parent's low opinion of him. Hurt, he only looks forward to seeing Romi again. However, once Romi learns Karan ran away, she angrily breaks up with him for not respecting his own decision and tells him she never wants to see him again. Devastated, Karan finally comes to terms with his situation and makes his decision. He returns to the IMA, takes his punishment, becomes a focused, disciplined officer cadet and eventually commissions into the Indian Army as a lieutenant. Karan is posted to the 3rd battalion of the Punjab Regiment, commanded by the charismatic Col. Sunil Damle (Amitabh Bachchan). The force is stationed in Kargil. Karan quickly befriends and earns the respect of his fellow battalion members. Later Karan comes home on leave and is heartbroken to find out that Romi is getting engaged to a wealthy executive. But his leave is cut short, and he's recalled to his battalion due to an outbreak of hostilities in Kargil. He reports back to his battalion, where he's promoted to the rank of acting Captain. Col. Damle briefs the officers on the latest situation and reveals that several infiltrators have crossed the Line of Control from Pakistan and occupied mountain peaks on the Indian side of the border. The battalion has been assigned to secure Point 5179, a crucial vantage point dominating the army's main supply line, the National Highway 1D. The battalion decides to attack from the eastern side of the mountain. The first part of the assault is successful. The battalion destroys the enemy's screening units with Karan cited for his bravery in saving another officer's life. Meanwhile, Romi gets stationed to Kargil as a war correspondent, when her fiance forbids her to go there, she breaks off the engagement. Romi goes to Kargil, where she meets the now mature and responsible Karan. Romi begins to fall in love with Karan again. However, Karan remains reluctant to return her feelings as he's still hurt over her previous rejection of him and under the impression that she's engaged. In the second phase of the assault, the battalion attacks the peak of the mountain but fails to capture it due to the strategic advantage and heavy weaponry the Pakistanis have. The unit suffers heavy casualties, and Karan is devastated to lose many of his friends in the attack. Brigadier Puri summons Col. Damle and reluctantly agrees to give him 48 hours to capture the peak. After that time, responsibility for the Point will be given to another battalion. Col. Damle orders a group of 12 officers and soldiers (including Karan) to scale the 1000-foot rock cliff on the western side of the mountain and flank the enemy stronghold. They will be provided with artillery support from the eastern side. Karan realizes that he has finally found his goal in the form of capturing the peak and assures Damle he will succeed, whether he lives or dies. Later, Karan phones his father and reconciles with him, and his father expresses his pride for his son's bravery on the battlefield. Karan also learns of Romi's failed engagement via a letter sent by his friend Ashu and expresses his feelings for her. Romi promises Karan she will wait for him whether he returns or not. The unit sets off on their mission, and while moving through a grass field toward the rock cliff, they come under fire. The group discovers a Pakistani mortar unit in the area and destroys it but loses their commanding officer and several soldiers. The team's radios are also damaged, so they cannot communicate with battalion HQ. Out of the initial 12, only six remain. They decide to continue with the mission. They successfully scale the cliff and attack the Pakistani position during the night. Their assault is successful although Karan is wounded, and the team loses three more men. The next morning, Karan limps to the peak, where he plants the Indian flag and fires a flare, signaling to an ecstatic Col. Damle that they have captured the peak. The film ends with Karan leaving a military hospital and reuniting with his parents, and his father proudly embraces him. Karan's father then reveals that Romi has also arrived to see Karan. He walks over to a smiling Romi and she asks what's next now he has accomplished his aim. Karan states he has another Lakshya, which is Romi, and they happily embrace each other. 
 Super 30 (2019)Summaries Based on the life of Patna-based mathematician Anand Kumar who runs the famed Super 30 program for IIT aspirants in Patna. Anand Kumar, a Mathematics genius from a modest family in Bihar who is made to believe that only a King's son can become a king is on a mission to prove that even the poor man can create some of the world's most genius minds. He starts a training program named 'Super 30' to help 30 IIT aspirants crack the entrance test and make them highly successful professionals. Santhosh Anand Kumar a mathematician in a small Indian village known as the calculator due to his qualities, he assured help by a politician Devraj. He happens to solve an unsolved equation from a Foreign Maths journal and gets a chance to visit Cambridge University. Due to financial issues his postmaster father breaks his PF to fund his trip.But they still fall short of money they approach Devraj for help who backs out and has Anand and his father thrown from his house. Anand's father passes away due to shock and responsibility of family comes on him, he goes house to house selling Papads. One day he comes across Lallan Singh who runs coaching classes in the town who appoints Anand as a teacher.Lallan Singh coaching classes start getting popularity due to his teaching and Anand also starts leaving lavish life. But he leaves everything as he feels rather than teaching in coaching classes he needs to teach the needy who can't afford education. Anand starts his free coaching classes for the poor and comes in Bad books of Devraj and Lallan Singh. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 