nm0004749:

 Happy Campers (2001)Summaries When a summer camp director gets injured, the diverse group of college freshmen counselors take charge and spice up the everyday routine of the camp. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Rage: Carrie 2 (1999)431) A horrible massacre strikes up after an outcast teenage girl is taunted by a group of high school jocks, all of them unaware of her cutthroat telekinetic powers. After the suicide of her only friend, Rachel Lang has never felt more on the outside. The one person who reached out to her, Jessie Ryan, also happens to be part of the popular crowd that lives to torment outsiders like her. However, Rachel has something else that separates her from the rest, secret amazing powers to move things with her mind. Sue Snell, the only survivor of Carrie White's rampage 23 years ago, may hold the key to helping Rachel come to terms with her awesome, but unwanted powers. But as Rachel slowly learns to trust, a terrible trap is being laid for her, and making her angry could prove to be deadly. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In 1976, Sue Snell watched her life crumble as her boyfriend and most of her friends were killed by telekinetic Carrie White after she was humiliated by sadistic classmate Chris Hargenson at the school prom after being pronounced Prom Queen. Now 23 years later, Sue is a counselor at the new high school where she seems to develop most of her time on Rachel Lang, a troubled young girl whose best friend has just committed suicide. Rachel is a normal girl, except for the fact that she can move things with her mind from time to time. Some of the football jocks are planning to humiliate Rachel at the biggest party of the year, using the unknowing Jesse Ryan as bait, because she told on them being involved in her friend's death. If only everyone knew that Rachel is Carrie's long-lost half-sister... Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An insane young woman named Barbara Lang (J. Smith-Cameron) paints her house red to protect her young telekinetic daughter Rachel from demons. A group of policemen and doctors arrive at the house where Barbara is institutionalized and Rachel is taken away. Years later, 18-year old Rachel Lang (Emily Bergl), living with foster parents, catches a bus to school and talks with her best (and only) friend Lisa (Mena Suvari), whom they view their matching red rose thorn tattoos on their left arms, and Lisa tells Rachel that the night before, she had lost her virginity to Eric (Zachary Ty Bryan), a football player. Lisa gives Rachel a roll of film for her to develop. The football players talk about Lisa; they have a game where they sleep with girls and receive points. The football team captain, Mark (Dylan Bruno), records their scores in a notebook. That same day after Eric rejects her, Lisa commits suicide, jumping from the school's roof. The event triggers Rachel's repressed telekinetic ability, causing the lockers in the school to fling open. School counselor Sue Snell (Amy Irving) talks with Rachel about Lisa. Sue reveals that she spent time at the institution holding Rachel's mother. The discussion upsets Rachel and one of Sue's coffee mugs crashes to the floor. Sue visits Rachel's mother whom still resides in the mental hospital, learning that Rachel and the late Carrie White shared the same father... Ralph White. Meanwhile, Eric talks with Mark, afraid he will be blamed for Lisa's suicide. He reveals they slept together and Mark assures him the information will stay private. Eric tells Mark that Lisa took a picture of them. Mark tells Eric that he will deal with it. While working at her after-school job at a small photo shop, Rachel discovers she has developed photos of Lisa and Eric just before Mark and Jesse (Jason London), another football teammate, arrive. Mark tries bribing Rachel for the photographs, then offers to take her out; she rejects him. The next day, Rachel tells Sue and Sheriff Kelton (Clint Jordan) about Lisa and Eric sleeping together, giving Kelton the photographs. Kelton looks into charging Eric with statutory rape since Lisa was underage. That evening, Walter, Rachel's Basset Hound dog, is accidently struck by a car when he runs onto a street. Rachel cries for help from passing cars, then stands in the road, stopping a truck with her powers. Jesse is on his way home after having sex with his girlfriend Tracy Campbell (Charlotte Ayanna) when Rachel stops him. Jesse takes her and the dog to an animal clinic. Rachel's tense mood causes her telekinetic powers to manifest as a small tremor develops in the waiting room which makes Jesse both confused and concerned at what is going on. But Rachel quickly calms down and the tremor subsides when a veterinarian appears and tells her that Walter will be fine. Jesse takes Rachel out for coffee at a local diner where they have a nice talk. Learning that Rachel gave the photograph to Sheriff Kelton, Mark, Eric and other football players go to her house late at night, turning off the power and breaking a window. Mark harasses her on the phone. Eric starts entering the trailer through a window. Rachel's telekinesis closes the window on Eric's hand, injuring him. The boys leave when her foster parents arrive. A few days later at school, Sue meets with Rachel in her office. When Sue asks about moving objects with her mind, Rachel denies having telekinetic powers and begins leaving. Sue tries stopping her; Rachel screams at Sue to leave her alone and a snowglobe on Sue's desk shatters. Sue brings Rachel to the school that Carrie destroyed 20 years earlier and tells Rachel about Carrie White. Sue also tells her that she has telekinesis and there are places that study it. Sue tells Rachel that her father was Carrie's father whom may have had telekinetic powers, which Rachel continues to refuse to believe. Jesse pursues Rachel, angering Tracy. The night the football players attacked, Jesse and Rachel had a date. Jesse convinces Rachel he was unaware of the attack and Rachel agrees to go out with him. Jesse confronts Mark about the attack and the two fight. Mark and his girlfriend, Monica (Rachel Blanchard), plot to humiliate Rachel for what she did to Eric, although the statutory rape charges are dropped after Eric's wealthy and powerful father (Gordon Clapp) threatens the school board and the police force with a halt in monthly "charitable donations" (bribes). Mark apologizes to Jesse and offers his parents' cabin so Jesse can spend the night with Rachel. The two share a romantic evening and Rachel loses her virginity. While she sleeps, Jesse whispers that he loves her. Unknown to both of them, someone videotapes the entire thing. When Rachel arrives home at dawn, she is slapped and yelled at by her foster parents for being out all night in which she is grounded for a week. A few days later, Sue goes back to the mental hospital to meet Barbara again. She persuades Barbara about Rachel's ability and tries to persuade her to confront Rachel. Despite being grounded, a happy and confident Rachel sneaks out and goes to a school championship football game to watch Jesse play. (Note: all of the football players, Mark and Eric included, shave their heads, exempt for Jesse). After Jesse wins the game for the school, Mark and Monica tell Rachel that Jesse is talking to a college scout and she should go to a victory party at Mark's house with them. But Jesse is actually sidetracked by Tracy, who attempts to seduce him at his house in order to keep him away from Mark's party. That evening, Rachel is casually mingling with Jesse's friends at the party when the football players reveal their sex game and claim that Rachel was added to Jesse's list. Mark plays the videotape showing Jesse and Rachel having sex before everyone at the party, making Rachel believe Jesse never cared for her. In an extreme rage, Rachel's ability is triggered leading to a climatic bloodbath. She transforms into a black-eyed, demonic-like person in which her red rose tattoo literally "grows" the image of thorns all around her arms and legs and she uses her powers to closes the doors of the house and kills most of the partiers with shattering glass from windows as well as using her powers to project flying CD disks that impail several more party-goers. Rachel uses her powers to move objects around that knock over several liquor bottles and a fire begins as Rachel uses her powers to move the burning logs out of the fireplace and soon the whole house is on fire. Pandomonium breaks out as several people attempt to escape from the inferno but they are killed or burned to death. Just then, Sue has taken Rachel's mother from the hospital and drives to Mark's house. Sue reaches the door just as Rachel throws a fire poker at a boy's head, killing both the boy and Sue on the other side of the front door. In Mark's father's study, Eric, Mark and Monica arm themselves with harpoon guns and Mark takes a flare gun before confronting Rachel. The murderous Rachel follows the trio into the back yard beside the swimming pool and she uses her power to shatter Monica's eye glasses, blinding her. Monica accidentally shoots Eric in the gut with her spear gun before they both collapse to the ground and die from their injuries. Rachel disarms Mark with her powers just when she hears her mother calling for her. While she is distracted for a second, Mark shoots Rachel in the stomach with the flare gun. Rachel falls into the pool and she uses her powers to extend the pool cover. Rachel jumps out of the water and pulls Mark into the pool, and after it is covered, she uses his spear gun to free herself by cutting a small hole in the cover while he drowns. Rachel's mother believes she is possessed and runs from the house. Seriously wounded by her injury, Rachel prays for help. Jesse and Tracy arrive and find the house in flames and all their friends dead. When Rachel walks in and sees Tracy, she kills her by collapsing the ceiling above her. Jesse urges Rachel to leave for the house is on fire. The tape of them is still playing. When he sees it, Jesse tells her he did not know they were being taped. Rachel calls him a liar and uses her powers to hit him with Mark's notebook, which opens to the score page. Jesse says he loves her, but she does not believe him until she hears him say it on the tape, realizing he told the truth. When the burning ceiling collapses over Jesse's head, Rachel pushes him out of the way and she is pinned under a flaming board. As Jesse tries to lift the heavy plank off Rachel, she tells him she loves him and they share a kiss before his right arm lights on fire from the burning plank. Jesse tries kissing Rachel again, but she uses her powers to push him out of the house and into the covered swimming pool in the back yard, thus saving his life before allowing herself to succumb to injuries. One year later. Jesse is at King's University, sharing his room with Rachel's dog Walter, and he still has a severe burn scar on his right arm. He has a dream that Rachel enters his room, wearing the same clothes and looking as she did the night when they made love. They kiss before she shatters into ash. The shaken Jesse awakes and looks at himself in the mirror as well as a photo of Rachel that he keeps beside the mirror. 
 Taken (2002)Summaries Three families experience alien abductions over a period of five decades. Taken spans five decades and four generations, centering on three families: the Keys, Crawfords, and Clarkes. World War II veteran Russell Keys is plagued by nightmares of his abduction by aliens during the war; the Roswell incident transforms Owen Crawford from ambitious Air Force captain to evil shadow government conspirator; the unhappily married Sally Clarke is impregnated by an alien visitor. As the decades go by, the heirs of each are affected by the machinations of the aliens, culminating with the birth of Allie Keys, who is the final product of the aliens' experimentation and holds the key to their future. Ronos It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blue Jasmine (2013)871) A New York socialite, deeply troubled and in denial, arrives in San Francisco to impose upon her sister. She looks a million, but isn't bringing money, peace, or love... Jasmine French used to be on the top of the heap as a New York socialite, but now is returning to her estranged sister in San Francisco utterly ruined. As Jasmine struggles with her haunting memories of a privileged past bearing dark realities she ignored, she tries to recover in her present. Unfortunately, it all proves a losing battle as Jasmine's narcissistic hangups and their consequences begin to overwhelm her. In doing so, her old pretensions and new deceits begin to foul up everyone's lives, especially her own. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) The former socialite Jasmine travels from New York to San Francisco to stay in the simple house of her sister Ginger who lives with her two sons. Jasmine was married with the successful businessman Hal who fell in disgrace for being considered a crook and committed suicide in prison. Jasmine is completely broken and mentally unstable with recollection from her previous social life and uses anti-depressive along the day. Jasmine does not approve of Ginger's boyfriend Chili that she considers a loser, the same feeling she had with Ginger's ex-husband Augie. Jasmine has no profession to work and support herself and she accepts the position of receptionist in a dentist's clinic. When Jasmine is invited to a party, she asks Ginger to go with her. Ginger meets the sound engineer Al that she believes is a better catch than Chili. Meanwhile the gold-digger Jasmine meets the diplomat Dwight and she believes she will advance in her social position. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jasmine from New York who lives in a fashionable society moves to San Francisco to live with her sister after she is completely broke and having issues of nervous breakdown. Jasmine is struggling with her past memories but she wants to put aside all those haunted memories and wants to start a new life just from the scratch but in doing so she chooses the path of deceit and fouls up everyone's lives. someonesmart21 When she was younger, Jasmine, who changed her name from Jeanette, dropped out of college to marry Hal, a single father to infant Danny. Because of Hal's financial standing from his business ventures, Jasmine had never had to work. They broke up when Hal went to prison for his white collar crimes, about which Jasmine was somewhat oblivious as it did not pertain to her at-the-moment happiness. Those crimes resulted in them losing all their money. The loss of money ended up being only one of the issues in the marriage. Hal was able to commit suicide in prison, while Jasmine, unable to cope with her new penniless lot in life, had a nervous breakdown, her emotional instability manifesting itself in heavy drinking and she often talking to herself about the happier times without she knowing she is doing so. While Jasmine and Hal were living the high life in Manhattan, Jasmine had no time for her San Francisco residing working class sister Ginger - both Jeanette and Ginger having been adopted into their family - and Ginger's handyman/mover husband, Augie, who aspired to owning his own contracting business. Ginger and Augie have also since split largely due to money issues, they having invested $200,000 in what they now know was one of Hal's fraudulent ventures. Following her hospitalization, Jasmine makes the decision to move in with Ginger and her two adolescent children in San Francisco until she gets back on her feet, however long that may take. A question is if Jasmine can mesh her lack of skills with her grand visions for herself while maintaining some sense of sanity. Another question is what effect Jasmine being back in her life will have on Ginger, especially regarding Ginger's relationship with her current boyfriend Chili, a mechanic who wants to marry her, but who Jasmine sees as just the latest in Ginger's choice of loser boyfriends. Huggo After her marriage to a wealthy businessman collapses, New York socialite Jasmine flees to San Francisco and the modest apartment of her sister, Ginger. Although she's in a fragile emotional state and lacks job skills, Jasmine still manages to voice her disapproval of Ginger's boyfriend, Chili. Jasmine begrudgingly takes a job in a dentist's office, while Ginger begins dating a man who's a step up from Chili. Jwelch5742 Jasmine French (Cate Blanchett) disembarks in San Francisco after a flight from New York City. She takes a taxi to her sister Ginger's (Sally Hawkins) apartment, where Ginger is dismayed to learn that Jasmine traveled first class despite claiming to be broke. Jasmine has recently suffered a nervous breakdown and, having incurred heavy debts, has been forced to seek refuge with her sister. A series of flashbacks reveal that Jasmine's husband, money manager Hal Francis (Alec Baldwin), was arrested for defrauding his clients. Ginger and her husband, Augie (Andrew Dice Clay), were among Hal's victims; he swindled them out of $200,000 of lottery winnings that Augie had wanted to start a business with, and their marriage fell apart. Hal committed suicide in prison after being publicly disgraced. Jasmine's step-son Danny (Alden Ehrenreich) dropped out of Harvard and cut himself off completely from Jasmine, believing her to be complicit in Hal's crimes. After Hal's death, Jasmine began drinking heavily and abusing anti-anxiety medication. She also developed a habit of talking to herself about her past.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film opens we are in an airplane watching a woman named Jasmine (Cate Blanchett), dressed in a white Chanel suit, jewelry and personality all screaming wealth, as she talks nonstop to people that do not know her, nor appear interested in her story. After all, she is not engaging them in an actual conversation, just expects them to pay rapt attention as she complains. We follow Jasmine from the plane to baggage-claim, then to a cab, which lets her off in front of a rather seedy apartment in San Francisco overhead a store. By the time Jasmine exits the taxi, wheeling $10,000 worth of Louis Vuitton luggage, Woody Allen has already provided us with a basic understanding of the backstory for Jasmine French as a former New York socialite, whose fall from that world was so complete that she sees no option but to move in with her blue-collar sister, Ginger (Sally Hawkins). It is soon made clear to the viewers that Jasmine not only feels the apartment is not remotely up to her standards, but has no more fondness for her sister than for her residence. We see that Ginger has always felt envious of her sister, she was the pretty one, the golden-girl, one with a sense of style that helped her land a millionaire husband and the accompanying lifestyle. The story is told in part through flashbacks that reveal her former life and the secrets behind its rise and fall. When you are on top of the world, clearly it's a long way down. In one of the flashbacks, we are shown a time when Ginger and her former husband, Augie, (Andrew Dice Clay), had made a rare visit to New York to see her sister. Jasmine made little secret of her lack of interest in spending time with them; her rich husband Hal (Alec Baldwin) sent them off in a limousine to tour the city, then paid for a hotel rather than having the guests stay in their home. The following day at Hal's country estate in the Hamptons, Augie proudly tells how he has won $200,000 in the lottery and plans to use that money to start his own construction company. Jasmine suggests that Augie invest the total amount in a new... and obviously to the audience, shady... business venture of Hal's. Riding back in the chauffeured limo, Ginger chances to see Hal leave a restaurant with another woman and kiss her, confirming that he's cheating on Jasmine. We gradually see how Jasmine's life of privilege and wealth unraveled. Her husband's thefts, financial maneuvering and schemes grew more and more dangerous, business partners removed themselves from his projects stating they feared prison, but Jasmine maintained her willful ignorance and denial to what was happening. Hal's infidelities, however, proved too much for her, and in revenge she reported his corporate fraud to the law. He was arrested, and his racket was publicly exposed causing scandal and outrage. Jasmine's property, homes, and lavish belongings were seized. Jasmine and Hal's son, feeling shamed and disgraced by his father's crimes, quit Harvard and disappeared without a trace. Augie's $200K was lost and with it all hopes of owning his own business; he and Ginger parted ways. In present day San Francisco, Jasmine begins a relationship with Dwight (Peter Saarsgard) - successful, wealthy and with political ambitions - whom she sees as a chance of regaining her former glory. She invents a back history involving her husband's career as a surgeon, his death from a heart attack (in reality, he committed suicide in jail) and her career as an interior decorator. Soon, Dwight recommends they get married, which thrills Jasmine. Meanwhile, Ginger dumps her likable blue-collared boyfriend, Chili (Bobby Canavale), due largely to Jasmine's criticisms, and begins dating the equally likable Al (Louis C.K.), who turns out to be married, which destroys their relationship. In the end, she returns to Chili. Jasmine's chance of marriage is destroyed when the vindictive Augie reveals her lies to Dwight. At this point, it is evident that all paths of redemption for Jasmine are gone. Dwight takes the truth very badly and ends his engagement to Jasmine, who yet again has an emotional meltdown. In the final scene, we watch as Jasmine walks out of Ginger's apartment, her Channel suit disheveled, and sits alone on a park bench, talking to herself again... lost in her own neurotic world without hope. --Lane J. Lubell of Cinemashadow.com 