nm0008572:

 Cuando quiero llorar no lloro (1991 )211) Three boys born at the same time inside families from different social classes. Their fates are linked by a fatal profecy. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Colombian adaptation of the novel by Miguel Otero Silva. Three men, born with the same name, in the same city, at the same date and time, but in different social classes. A curse condemning three men: "the day that Victorino is with Victorino and Victorino, Victorino will die". Firstly this Victorino Moya, lower class, who was born in a poor neighborhood and to survive is a thief and gunman. Secondly this Victorino Perdomo, middle-class, with an education based on the Justice ends in the guerrillas. Thirdly, Victorino Umaa, upper-class, was a not expected but with a big heart and a great integrity to a large and quiet life with his cousin, of which this love. The first two are wounded from death during a RAID on a Bank while Umaa commits suicide from a gunshot. 
 La costea y el Cachaco (2003 )Summaries Antonio Andrade is a Petroleum Engineer who is accustomed to life in the capital, to live surrounded by luxuries, but under certain circumstances is forced to move to the coastal city of Santa Marta where not everything is the same. Now, he must get used to life under the hot sun where he meets Sofia Granados, a typical young coastline who falls in love, but his first encounters will not be pleasant. To be together they will have to fight past relationships that do not want to leave them alone. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El ngel del acordeon (2008)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the middle of the exotic landscapes of the Colombian Caribbean Coast, where the vallenato music has magic effects in their habitants: (calms down the crying of the babies, turns the direction of the storms, increases the egg production of the hens, cheers up the cotton harvesters) lives Poncho, an eleven year old boy, a talented vallenato performer who has two dreams in his life: to be a Vallenato King and to win over the love of his life, Sara Maria. Dreams that wont be easy to achieve because of the economical difficulties he faces and that will make him grow up before time and because of his father a male chauvinist who constantly humiliates him. Besides that Poncho has to suffer the constant attacks of Pepe, the other suitor of Sara Maria who wins over the girl by lies and frauds, and that will not let Poncho achieve one of his goals. Like that in the middle of the magical journey that he will make in search for an accordion, Poncho will meet some people of his land that will teach him the values of friendship, kindness, love and of dreams that will turn him into a magical character known as The angel of the accordion. 
 En cuerpo ajeno (1992 )Summaries Dying suddenly, Pedro Jos Donoso discovers that he was betrayed and killed and reincarnated in a young and attractive peasant named Salvador Cerinza for revenge. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 