nm0000270:

 Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead (1995)Summaries Five different criminals face imminent death after botching a job quite badly. Jimmy the Saint's business is videotaping the terminally-ill, so that they will be around to give 'Afterlife Advice' to their survivors. He hasn't been doing too well lately and has had to turn to loan-sharks to accomodate his failing business, as well as his expensive personal tastes. When an evil gangster-overlord buys up his note and demands a favor of Jimmy, in exchange for the interest that he can't afford, Jimmy capitulates. Jimmy is to scare someone for the gangster-overlord--really rough them up. Without giving too much away (spoiler), the scene goes down badly and Jimmy and his crew all end up with contracts on their heads for their trouble. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Scent of a Woman (1992)541) A prep school student needing money agrees to "babysit" a blind man, but the job is not at all what he anticipated. Frank is a retired Lt. Col. in the US Army. He's blind and impossible to get along with. Charlie is at school and is looking forward to going to university; to help pay for a trip home for Christmas, he agrees to look after Frank over Thanksgiving. Frank's niece says this will be easy money, but she didn't reckon on Frank spending his Thanksgiving in New York. Rob Hartill Charlie Simms is a boy from Oregon who attends Baird School a Boys boarding school. Unlike most of the other boys who come from affluent backgrounds Simms comes from the working class and is there on a scholarship. He hangs around with George Willis, who's a daddy's boy, and his friends. Now George's friends decides to pull a little prank on the pompous headmaster. The headmaster learns that Charlie and George know who pulled the prank and they refuse to say who. He gives them the Thanksgiving Holiday to think about it. He also tells Charlie that he's recommending him to an Ivy League College. Charlie then goes off to a Thanksgiving job--taking care of retired Colonel Frank Slade who's blind when his family goes to visit some family for Thanksgiving. After they leave Slade tells Charlie that he's taking him to New York for his own Thanksgiving celebration. rcs0411@yahoo.com In New Hampshire, Charlie Simms attends the Baird School, an all boys boarding school with rigorous classes and expensive enrollment. Yearning for cash from a part-time job so he can return to his family in Oregon for upcoming Christmas Break, the innocent Simms accepts a job for "babysitting" at a nearby household. The job is not what he expects, for he is commissioned to watch over an unlikeable, blunt behaved blind ex-colonel named Slade who has a keen ability at selecting his aides. Because of his sympathetic and integral nature, Charlie agrees to the job. Before he can even locate his level of comfort in the job, Simms is unexpectedly taken to New York City with the colonel, where the ex-military man has several agendas of his own. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charlie Simms is a student at an exclusive New England prep school, Baird. Unlike most of his peers, Charlie was not born to a wealthy family and attends Baird on scholarship. To pay for a flight home to Oregon for Christmas, Charlie accepts a temporary job over Thanksgiving weekend looking after retired Army Ranger Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, who Charlie discovers to be a cantankerous blind alcoholic. Charlie's first conversation with Slade doesn't go well: Slade berates Charlie for talking too much about his personal life and loudly orders Charlie out of the guest house he lives in on his niece's property. When Charlie talks to Slade's niece, saying that he thinks he blew it with her uncle, she tells him he has to take the job since he's the only person who applied. Charlie and George Willis, Jr., another student at the preparatory school, witness several students setting up a prank for the school's headmaster Mr. Trask. Following the prank, Trask presses Charlie and George to divulge the names of the perpetrators. Trask offers a bribe, a letter of recommendation that would virtually guarantee his acceptance to Harvard. Charlie continues to remain silent but appears conflicted. Shortly after Charlie arrives, Slade, without the knowledge of his niece, unexpectedly whisks Charlie off on a trip to New York City. Slade has reserved a room at the Waldorf-Astoria and during dinner the upscale Oak Club, Slade glibly states the goals of the trip, which involve enjoying luxurious accommodations in New York before committing suicide. Charlie is taken aback and does not know if Slade is serious. The next morning, Charlie awakes to find Slade in his bedroom expertly assembling his Colt service pistol. Charlie is somewhat alarmed and asks Slade to give up the pistol; Slade refuses. Charlie asks him for the bullets and Slade complies. They pay an uninvited visit to Slade's brother's home for Thanksgiving dinner. Slade is an unpleasant surprise for the family, as he deliberately provokes everyone and the night ends in acrimony. During this time the reason behind Slade's blindness is also revealed: one of Slade's relatives, Randy, tells the story about how Slade used to juggle grenades while drunk. One grenade got away from him and exploded, causing his blindness. When Randy calls Charlie "Chuckie", Slade suddenly explodes, grabbing him by the neck, threatening to kill him if he doesn't apologize to Charlie. Slade and Charlie leave, Slade saying goodbye to his brother and telling him he's never been a good person. As they return to New York, Charlie tells Slade about his complications at school. Slade advises Charlie to inform on his classmates and go to Harvard, warning him that George will probably be pressured into revealing the identities of his friends, however, with his influential father (also an alum of Baird) behind him, his punishment will likely be light. Later at a restaurant, Slade is aware of Donna; a young woman waiting for her date. Although blind, Slade leads Donna in a spectacular tango ("Por una Cabeza") on the dance floor. That night, he hires a female escort recommended to him by their driver, Manny. While Slade enjoys his evening with the escort, Charlie calls the ski resort that George and Harry (the student who planned the prank on Trask) are spending the break at and finds out from George that Trask has elevated his investigation of the prank and that George's father has become involved. The phone call makes Charlie more tense than ever. Deeply despondent the next morning, Slade responds to Charlie's suggestion that they test drive a Ferrari. Charlie lets Slade drive the car and Slade begins speeding, attracting the attention of a police officer (Ron Eldard), whom Slade manages to appease without giving away his blindness. The leave the Ferrari dealership, Slade more depressed than ever. While they walk back to the Waldorf, Slade deliberately marches out into traffic and collapses on the street. Charlie is able to pick him up and they continue. When they return to the hotel, Slade sends Charlie out on a list of errands. Charlie initially leaves the room but quickly becomes suspicious. Charlie returns to find Slade in his military uniform, preparing to commit suicide with his pistol. Charlie intervenes and attempts to grab Slade's gun. Slade, however, easily overpowers him, threatening to shoot Charlie before himself. They enter a tense argument, however, after Charlie bravely calms Slade, he backs down. Slade agrees to take Charlie back to Baird, Charlie having missed his flight. Manny drives the two back to Baird. Slade gives Charlie the money he owes him in cash and then touches Charlie's face, feeling for the first time how Charlie looks. He also offers Charlie any references he many need in the future and has Manny drive him home. At school, Charlie and George are subjected to a formal inquiry in front of the student body and the student/faculty disciplinary committee. As headmaster Trask finishes his interrogation of George and turns his attention to Charlie, Slade unexpectedly returns to the school, joining Charlie on the auditorium stage for support. George has already divulged the names of the perpetrators, qualifying that his vision wasn't clear. When pressed for more details, George passes the burden to Charlie. Although struggling with his decision, Charlie gives no information, so Trask recommends Charlie's expulsion. At this, Slade cannot contain his silence any longer and launches into a passionate speech defending Charlie and questioning the integrity of a system that rewards informing on classmates. He tells them that Charlie has shown integrity in his actions and for the committee to not expel him because this is what great leaders are made of and he will make them proud in the future. The disciplinary committee decides to place on probation the students named by George, and to give George neither recognition nor commendation for his testimony. They excuse Charlie from any punishment and allow him to have no further say in the inquiries, to loud applause from the student body. As Charlie escorts Slade to his limo, a female political science teacher, Christine Downes, who was part of the disciplinary committee approaches Slade, commending him for his speech. Seeing a spark between them, Charlie tells Ms. Downes that Slade served on President Lyndon Johnson's staff. A romantic prospect is hinted between Slade and Ms. Downes as they part ways. Charlie takes Slade home, where they go their separate ways. The colonel walks towards his house and greets his niece's young children happily as Charlie watches by the limo. 
 The Three Musketeers (1993)431) France, 1625: Young d'Artagnan heads to Paris to join the Musketeers but the evil cardinal has disbanded them - save 3. He meets the 3, Athos, Porthos and Aramis, and joins them on their quest to save the king and country. The three best of the disbanded Musketeers - Athos (Kiefer Sutherland), Porthos (Oliver Platt), and Aramis (Charlie Sheen) - join a young hotheaded would-be-Musketeer, D'Artagnan (Chris O'Donnell), to stop Cardinal Richelieu's (Tim Curry's) evil plot: to form an alliance with enemy England by way of the mysterious Countess D'Winter (Rebecca De Mornay). Rochefort (Michael Wincott), the Cardinal's right-hand man, announces the official disbanding of the King's Musketeers. Three, however, refuse to throw down their swords - Athos, the fighter and drinker, Porthos, the pirate and lover, and Aramis, the priest and poet. Arriving in Paris to join the Musketeers, D'Artagnan uncovers the Cardinal's plans, and the four set out on a mission to protect King Louis (Hugh O'Conor) and France. TheLogicalGhost A Disney-ized retelling of Dumas' classic swashbuckling story of three swordsmen of the disbanded French King's guard, plus one young man who dreams to become one of them, who seek to save King Louis (Hugh O'Conor) from the scheming Cardinal Richelieu (Tim Curry). Jokes and stunts are the expected fare in this light-hearted and jaunty adventure. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1625 France, following in his late fathers footsteps, D'Artagnan (Chris O'Donnell) sets off to Paris in hopes of becoming a member of the Musketeers, a band of men sworn to serve and protect the King of France. D'Artagnan is pursued by Grard and his brothers, who accuse him of blemishing their sister's honor. Grard had saw his sister kissing D'Artagnan goodbye or as D'Artagnan put it "she wanted to give me something to remember her by!". At Musketeer headquarters, Captain Rochefort (Michael Wincott) and the cardinal's guards have disbanded the musketeers as per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu (Tim Curry), the King's minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort confides to the Cardinal that there are three musketeers that have refused to relinquish their duties: Athos (Kiefer Sutherland), Porthos (Oliver Platt), and Aramis (Charlie Sheen). Upon reaching Paris, the headstrong D'Artagnan has a series of chance physical encounters with these same three musketeers, resulting in D'Artagnan accepting a sword duel with each one that very day. D'Artagnan arrives at the Ruins for his first duel and, much to his surprise, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers. But before the duels can commence, the captain of the cardinal's guard appears with orders to arrest the resistant musketeers. Although D'Artagnan himself is not under arrest, he joins the three musketeers in the ensuing skirmish, implicating himself with them. Displeased (but still impressed) by D'Artagnan's involvement, the three musketeers leave d'Artagnan behind. More of the Cardinals guards, led by Rochefort, arrive and D'Artagnan is captured. D'Artagnan refuses to cooperate with the investigator to the three musketeer's whereabouts or about their intentions (which D'Artagnan does know know). During an escape attempt, D'Artagnan is able to eavesdrop on a conversation between Cardinal Richelieu and Countess Milady de Winter (Rebecca De Mornay), as the Cardinal asks that she deliver a signed treaty to the Duke of Buckingham of England. Before he can get a view of the Cardinal's spy, D'Artagnan is caught at the doorway by Rochefort. He is then interrogated by the Cardinal to what he knows, and Richelieu ultimately orders D'Artagnan for execution the next morning. At the execution, d'Artagnan is saved by Porthos and Aramis, who are dressed as the hooded executioners, and the three make a getaway in the Cardinal's personal coach, driven by Athos. While D'Artagnan reveals Richelieu's plans, the three musketeers decide to intercept Richelieu's spy to prove that the Cardinal is guilty of treason. Meanwhile, Cardinal Richelieu tries to convince the young and naive King Louis XIII (Hugh O'Conor), about the three rogue musketeers and of his desire to capture them for treason. Louis knows that that Richelieu might have a hidden agenda for his reason to track down the three renegade musketeers, but allows him to proceed with the search. At the same time, Cardinal Richelieu begins to spend more time around the young king's wife Queen Sophie of Austria (Gabrielle Anwar) who also finds his presence, creepy, but that he is too powerful to confront, keeps her distance to him. That night, D'Artagnan and the three musketeers stop at an inn to rest. Athos tells the story of a count that fell in love with a beautiful woman, but upon discovering that she was branded for execution, betrayed her by giving her up to the authorities. The party decides to split up during a skirmish when the cardinal's guards arrive and open fire on them with muskets. Athos sends D'Artagnan to ride ahead and intercept the Cardinal's spy and the treaty, but D'Artagnan passes out from exhaustion in the middle of the road. The next morning when D'Artagnan wakes up, he finds he is stripped of his weapons and clothes and Milady de Winter is there to rouse and seduce him. Not knowing who she is, D'Artagnan tells her of his plans, whereupon she tries to kill him. Instead, D'Artagnan convinces her to keep him alive. When Milady de Winter's party tries to escape by boat to England, they find that the crew has been killed by Porthos and Aramis, and another sword skirmish ensues. Milady attempts to run away, but is confronted by the newly arrived Athos, who recognizes her and calls her 'Sabine'. He is astonished to see her, as he thought she was dead. It is revealed that HE was the count of his story and that Sabine was the wife he betrayed. Milady de Winter is then apprehended by her former brother-in-law, as Sabine is responsible for killing her husband, Lord de Winter she is sentenced to death by execution. The three musketeers retrieve the treaty and learn that the Cardinal is planning something on King Louis's birthday, though it does not specify what in the treaty. Athos attempts to learn what it is by visiting Sabine in her cell. She asks if he can stop her execution tomorrow. Athos cannot and Sabine does not reveal what the Cardinal's plan is. During the execution, just as Sabine is lowering her head for the executioner to be beheaded, Athos stops him and begs forgiveness from Sabine for his betrayal. She accepts and whispers to Athos that Richelieu plans to assassinate King Louis. She then jumps off a cliff to her death. The three musketeers set out to re-band the rest of the musketeers, in secret, for the king's birthday celebration. Richelieu and Rochefort hire a sharpshooter to assassinate the king. During the assembly, D'Artagnan is able to stop the sniper from killing the king, but the shot narrowly misses its target and the Cardinal blames the musketeers in the crowd for the attempted assassination. Athos, Porthos and Aramis drop their cloaks to show their musketeer tunics and face the Cardinal's guards. Meanwhile, several men from the crowd rush to their sides and reveal that they are musketeers. A climatic sword battle between the musketeers and the Cardinal's guards engulfs the palace. Richelieu takes the King and Queen as hostages and tries to take them to the dungeon below. Aramis confronts the Cardinal to stop him, but Richelieu shoots him in the chest with a pistol and makes his way into the passageway to the dungeon. Athos duels Rochefort and D'Artagnan interrupts the battle to fight Rochefort himself. During D'Artagnan's duel, Rochefort reveals that he was the one that murdered D'Artagnan's father. D'Artagnan, from anger, renews his efforts to kill him. Rochefort fights back and is able to disarm D'Artagnan. Just as Rochefort is about to deal D'Artagnan the final blow, someone off-camera (later revealed to be Constance) slides D'Artagnan's sword back to him and Rochefort is killed before he can strike. D'Artagnan has finally avenged his father's death. Constance, on the stairs, moves the sword away and puts her hands in his, smiling. Athos joins Porthos, who is at the unconscious Aramis side, and as they search for his wound, Aramis suddenly wakes, and it is revealed that the bullet was stopped by the huge brass cross that Aramis wears. They follow Richelieu into the dungeons and split up to stop him from killing the King and Queen. In the dungeon, Athos and Porthos just miss the Cardinal as his boat casts off on the underground river. Athos says that they have proof of Richelieu's treason, but Richelieu does not seem to care. The boatman then casts off his cloak and the Cardinal is astonished to see that it is Aramis. Aramis attempts to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis XIII stops him and punches Richelieu, knocking him in to the river. (It is the last time Richelieu appears in the film, so his fate is left unknown.) A few days later, the musketeers are reinstated by the King. Accompanied by Athos, Aramis and Porthos, D'Artagnan is honored in a ceremony. King Louis makes him a musketeer. Constance, who has remained by the Queen's side, runs to him and gives him a big embrace, impressing both Aramis and Porthos. Outside Musketeer headquarters, Grard and his brothers suddenly appear and challenge D'Artagnan to an immediate duel. D'Artagnan tells his new friends that he will take care of this problem and Porthos stops him from continuing, stating that since now he is a musketeer, musketeers protect each other. D'Artagnan calls out, "All for one"... and the rest of the musketeers shout out, "One for all!" The film ends with Grard and his brothers being chased by the entire division of musketeers. 
 Burn Notice (20072013)Summaries A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble. Michael Westen, a seasoned U.S. spy, is suddenly "burned", i.e. discredited, without any form of procedure. He survives by doing impossible jobs for desperate people in Miami, where his mother lives. Michael is usually aided by his ex-girlfriend Fiona and trusted former FBI informer Sam. KGF Vissers Professional spies don't just get fired like regular people. Instead, they get "burned". And when you are burned, you're exposed and left with absolutely nothing to your name. No cash, no credit, no credit score, no job history, and you're stuck in whatever city the agency decides to leave you in. Michael Westen is one such spy. He was burned and decides to take his revenge on the people who burned him. But in order to do so, he decides he cannot do this alone, so he teams up with people from his past. His former partner Sam Axe, an ex-Navy SEAL who used to rat on him to the FBI and more than enjoys a good cocktail or two. And his on again, off again ex-girlfriend Fiona Glenanne, who enjoys explosives and firearms as much as fashion and yogurt. Together, they take on cases that help individuals throughout the city of Miami, while Michael puts together the pieces of the puzzle about the people that burned him. And they will need lots of yogurt and C4 in order to do so. halo1k It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 