nm0010865:

 Wild Cactus (1993)321) During a desert retreat, a married couple cross paths with a murderous ex-convict and his partner in crime. Philip and Alexandria Marcus are a young couple who decide to take a vacation to a friend's house in the Arizona desert to rekindle their passion, only to have their vacation turn into a nightmare when they cross paths with a homicidal ex-con named Randall and his seductive hitchhiking partner/lover Maggie whom they hold Philip and Alex hostage in their house which begins a web of mind games, deceit and lust among all four involved. matt-282 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Philip (David Naughton) and Alexandria Marcus (India Allen) are a married couple that have decided to spend their vacation at a friend's house in the Arizona desert. Their marriage has hit a rough patch due to Philip's work, which has monopolized his time and left Alexandra feeling lonely. Additionally, Alex is encouraged to cheat on her husband by a close friend, which she considers. She's further dismayed when she finds that Philip is still too busy to pay attention to her and pushes him to go to a night bar. Meanwhile, Randall Murphy (Gary Hudson) is a criminal who is being paroled from the local state prison where he mouths off to Grady (Robert Z'Dar), a prison guard, who despises Randall and believes that he will sooner or later end up back in prison, or dead. While on the road, Randall steals a car and picks up a hitchhiker named Maggie (Michelle Moffett) who is a prostitute. After Randall threatens her, Maggie is not fazed by his threats, and in a twist, the two of them hook up by having sex on the front hood of the car. At a bar, once Philip and Alexandria arrive, they two quickly run into some trouble with a biker (Bubba Baker) who makes inappropriate passes at Alexandria. After the biker threatens the young couple, they are saved from harm by Randall and Maggie, who are coincidentally at the same bar for a drink. Grateful, Philip and Alexandria give Randall and Maggie a ride to a trailer park, unaware that Randall is there to get revenge against his ex-girlfriend Celeste (Kathy Shower), who sent him to prison. Randall manages to break into the trailer, which terrifies Celeste. Despite his assurances that he is not there to harm her, Randall forces Maggie to kill Celeste. The following morning, Randall and Maggie arrive at Alexandria and Philip's vacation home, as Randall had promised to help Philip look for plants for his job. The two men leave to look for plants, only for Randall to push Philip off a cliff. Believing Philip to be dead, Randall drives off, unaware that Philip survived and has begun walking back in order to rescue his wife. Meanwhile, back at the house, Alexandria has grown increasingly suspicious that Maggie is a wanted criminal, and at one point tries to call the police, but is interrupted by Maggie. When Randall returns without Philip, Alexandria, driven by a desire to survive and a desire to have an extramarital affair with a dangerous, sexy man, tries to turn the evil couple against one another by having sex with both Randall and Maggie. After having sex with Randall, and realizing she really enjoyed it, Alexandra attempts to run away with him, but to no avail. While trying to attempt to leave a message for help, Alexandria is interrupted by Maggie who shows her no ill will towards her by seducing and having lesbian sex with Maggie. Later, a local dim-witted salesman (David Wells) shows up at the house, and Randall forces Alexandria to answer the door to tell him to leave. Alexandria writes a message on her upper chest in lipstick to warn the salesman that she is in danger, but the dumb salesman does not comprehend the message and mistakenly believes that Alexandria is trying to seduce him. Randall overhears the salesman's response and pulls him inside the house where he quickly shoots and kills the salesman. On his way back to the house, Philip bags a live rattlesnake and decides to use it to his advantage. Philip finds his way to Celeste's trailer park and discovers her dead body. Soon after, he is found by the town's Sheriff Brenner (Paul Gleason), who takes Philip back to the vacation house after hearing his story. They arrive at the house and sneak into it in an attempt to save Alexandria. Maggie, who has decided that she is no longer going to follow Randall, is accidentally shot and killed by the sheriff, who is then killed by Randall. Randall then tries to chase after Alexandria, only for her to later turn the tables on him in which Philip tricks Randall into putting his hand into the burlap sack with the live rattlesnake where it bits him, leading Alexandria to finally shoot him and kill him. Finally safe, Philip and Alexandria embrace as the film ends. 
 Suburban Commando (1991)Summaries An interstellar hero from a distant world visits Earth, and tries to fit in with a mundane, yet kind, suburban family. Shep Ramsey is an interstellar hero, righting wrongs, et cetera. His ship is damaged after a fight with an interstellar nasty, and he must hide out on Earth until it can recharge. He leaves his power suit at home, but still finds himself unable to allow wrongs to go unrighted, and so mixes it up with bad drivers, offensive paperboys, muggers and the like. Then the family, with which he's staying, finds his power suit, and the father tries it on. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lethal Games (1991)Summaries A criminal mob hires a gang of thugs to subdue a small urban community, but the community decides to fight back. A corrupt businessman hires two ruthless goons to force the locals in a small town to sell their properties to him. The owner of the local bar Mike Stevens refuses, so one of the goons pulls out a shotgun and guns him down in front of his horrified fiancee. Since she's now a witness to murder, the two creeps kidnap her and take her to their lair at the local junkyard to have some fun with her before they kill her. The girlfriend of one of them is also there and she becomes so horrified when the other goon tries to rape the girl that she turns on them and runs away. The two go after her and the local corrupt sheriff helps them. The girlfriend is helped by the fearless local female kook, who hides her in her trailer. Meanwhile, Mike's fiancee's sister and her female friend arrive in town to take law into their own hands and rescue the captive woman. Their unenthusiastic ally eventually becomes the sister's boyfriend, Mac Richards, a Vietnam War veteran who owns and runs the town's paintball range. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Danger Zone III: Steel Horse War (1990)Summaries An outlaw-biker named Reaper battles an ex-lawman named Wade Olsen while searching the desert for a cache of gold buried by renegade Confederate soldiers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 