nm0004522:

 Josh Jarman (2004)Summaries Marcus Graham plays Josh Jarman, a struggling playwright who has written a long, serious play about doomed love, failed relationships and the overall hurt and heartache of falling in love. He is extremely proud of it, and takes it to various producers around the city, hoping to find one that will produce his play. He takes it to Stan Billows, played by Kym Gyngell, who tells him that although the play is good, it is too serious and long-winded to attract wide audience appeal, so he doesn't feel he can fund it. While at Billows' office, Josh meets Sasha, who appears to be another struggluing playwright. The two immediately hit it off, and a relationship develops. Billows is now interested in producing Josh's play, because it turns out Sasha is his daughter. Billows makes it clear that he will only priduce it on the condition that Josh continues to see his daughter. While this is problematic enough, Billows and the director hired want to make changes to the play, to make it more audience friendly, that is, they put song and dance numbers in, and take away all of its dramatic meaning. This leaves Josh with a dilemma - Does he continue to let them produce the play while sacrificing his own artistic integrity, or does he put a stop to it which will leave him once again, as a struggling playwright? James Briggs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Queen of the Damned (2002)541) In this loose sequel to Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles (1994) , the vampire Lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the equally beautiful and monstrous queen of all vampires. After losing interest in immortality, vampire Lestat goes to sleep, awakening after a long time to the sounds of punk rock. Taking up as the leader of an undead band, Lestat gains fame but exposes vampires, drawing the attention of vampire enthusiast Jesse. His music also awakens the queen of the damned, Akasha the first vampire, who decides to make Lestat her king. After learning of her bloodlust, and designs to take over humankind, Lestat teams with the other vampire nobility to take her down. Lestat then turns Jesse into his undead mistress to spend eternity together. MacGroovyJM After many years of sleeping in his coffin, the vampire Lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it. He gathers a following and becomes a rock star only to find that his music awakens the ancient Queen Akasha and she wants him to become her king... Andrew Main Lestat de Lioncourt is awakened from his slumber. Bored with his existence he has now become this generation's new Rock God. While in the course of time, another has arisen, Akasha, the Queen of the Vampires and the Dammed. He wants immortal fame, his fellow vampires want him eternally dead for his betrayal, and the Queen wants him for her King. Who will be the first to reach him? Who shall win the final battle of the vampires and survive? Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lestat ( Stuart Townsend ) has slumbered for two ceturies, but the world above his tomb has changed from the colonial pretension of the 18th century to a more free and colourful world of new more revealing fashions, louder music, caring for the world's future and the hungry machine that is the media. He rises from his resting place and feeds upon a victim, feeling more revitalized that ever before. He then proceeds to go and find where the music he hears is coming from, delighted to discover that it is from his old house, and soon shows the young mortal band his talents and makes them famous, calling the rock band The Vampire Lestat. He is controversial, over the top and utterly sesuous, portraying all the sins of the world in his lyrics and his over all demour. But unaware to him a young member of secret vampire expert society, is in fact obsessed with him and reads the thoughts that he put in his diary that her boss, David ( Paul McGann ), found. She learns of his maker the talented painter Marius ( Vincent Perez ), who kidnapped him from his homeland and made him immortal to have an outside link to the everchanging world. Lestat proves to be more trouble than he's worth, wanting to be seen and heard by mortal, and not be in the shadows waiting to feed upon them. He learns to play the violin like an angel, but kills a Gypsy girl and her father after revealing his supernatural attributes while hunting with Marius. He then discovers the secret room that Queen Akasha [(link=nm0004691]) and her King slumber. He plays the violin for her, and falls into her trap of drinking her blood. But he is chained to the bed by Marius and discovers that Akasha and her King are the makers of all vampires, brutal and bloodthirsty, they had drank the ancient world dry and finally lost their will to drink. Later Lestat awakens alone, to find Marius is gone and so are Akasha and her mate, showing Lestat that after all is said and done, we are all alone. Even more intrigued by this nocturnal hearthrob, Jesse ( Marguerite Moreau ) sets out to a vampire club in the old section of London, only to be nearly devoured by a pack of yuppy vampires and be rescued by Lestat. She tells him of her reading his diary and asks him about his violin, telling him he can't have forgotten about it. He returns home and once again plays the treasured instrument. The next day he has a press conference with his band and stirs up trouble with both humans and vampires, saying that the immortals must come and find him at his one and only concert in the valley. Soon after he recieves a visit from Marius and hears that Akasha has awoken and drank her King to death. Now she is after Lestat, as is Jesse, but for different reasons, Akasha seeks to make him her new King and Jesse wants to learn more about immortality from him. The night before the concert Jesse's wish is almost answered, as Lestat very nearly turns her, but he disappears claiming that she doesn't truly want the dark gift. At the concert the vampires gather and try to kill Lestat, but Marius helps him fight them off. When Akasha arrives she promptly flies Lestat off to an island resort where she's killed the entire populous and makes love to him in a mixture of mortal love making, mental and also drinking from him and having him drink from her. Jesse wakes in the house where she lived as a child, in awe at the sight of her Aunt Maharet ( Lena Olin ), who hasn't aged, and is a vampire. Back on the island Lestat is able to walk in the sun, and is told by Akasha that they will rule all once more. He asks if their kingdom will include only corpses and she replies with a blissful affirmation of his theory. Finally Marius, Maharet and all the other vampire elders gather to make a plan against Akasha and Lestat. But they are interrupted by the queens arrival with her new king. She tells Lestat to kill Jesse, and mocks the girl when she says that it is what she desires. Jesse collapses and Akasha says that Lestat is most obediant, he drinks from her once more, but does not stop and she throws him off. The other vampires try to also kill her, some turn to dust and others survive. But it is Maharet who drinks the last drop from Akasha. Maharet turns to stone, to slumber forever for drinking the last drop of the vampire queen's blood. Akasha turns to ashes, blowing away into nothingness. Jesse and Lestat pay a visit to a very nervous David, returning the diary she took. She offers him the gift, but he says he is too old. The couple walk off into a haze of lights and flashing by figures who carry on with their normal lives. Marius enters David's office, well aware that David has obsessed over him for many years, and greets David with a polite tone. This ends the film with the question whether Marius will infact turn David, and if Lestat and Jesse will truly be lovers until the ending of the the universe. 
 King Kong (2005)541) A greedy film producer assembles a team of moviemakers and sets out for the infamous Skull Island, where they find more than just cannibalistic natives. Carl Denham needs to finish his movie and has the perfect location; Skull Island. But he still needs to find a leading lady. This 'soon-to-be-unfortunate' soul is Ann Darrow. No one knows what they will encounter on this island and why it is so mysterious, but once they reach it, they will soon find out. Living on this hidden island is a giant gorilla and this beast now has Ann is its grasps. Carl and Ann's new love, Jack Driscoll must travel through the jungle looking for Kong and Ann, whilst avoiding all sorts of creatures and beasts. But Carl has another plan in mind. Film_Fan At the height of the Great Depression, the visionary but hard-pressed filmmaker, Carl Denham, talks the down-and-out New York City Vaudeville actress, Ann Darrow, into following him to Singapore for his upcoming movie extravaganza. Instead--aboard a weather-beaten tramp steamer, along with the respected playwright, Jack Driscoll--the unsuspecting crew find themselves at the back of beyond, in the impenetrable jungles of the obscure Skull Island: the home of ferocious primaeval relics, and the mysterious land of Kong, the all-powerful eight-metre-tall silverback gorilla. Now, as the monstrous ape holds captive the flaxen-haired protagonist, a handful of valiant but insignificant defenders must fight tooth and nail with formidable adversaries and the isle's mighty ruler, as the manipulative director captures unbelievable raw footage. Can anyone escape from the wrath of the savage King Kong? Nick Riganas Set in the 1930s, this is the story of a group of explorers and documentary filmmakers who travel to the mysterious Skull Island (near Sumatra) to investigate legends of a giant gorilla named Kong. Once there, they discover that King Kong is a real creature, living in a massive jungle where creatures from prehistoric times have been protected and hidden for millions of years. As the explorers search for the great ape, their quest puts them up against both Kong and his dinosaur enemies. Ultimately, it is the attention of a beautiful human woman that soothes Kong long enough for him to be subdued by the explorers and shipped back to New York, where his bleak future involves being put on display in front of humans... but how long can even the mightiest shackles of man hold back an ape 25 feet tall? bondish Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1933, during the Great Depression, vaudeville actress Ann Darrow ( Naomi Watts ) is unemployed and hungry in New York City. When she steals an apple, filmmaker Carl Denham ( Jack Black ) comes to her aid, producing a nickel that she "dropped" so she can pay the vendor. Carl is about to leave on a tramp steamer to finish his latest movie in Singapore, and he has been looking for an actress to replace the leading lady who has dropped out. He convinces Darrow to take the part; she's persuaded when she learns that the script is being written by her favorite playwright, Jack Driscoll. As the ship prepares to sail -- a departure Carl has hurried along because his backers have already pulled the plug on his funding -- Driscoll ( Adrien Brody ) stops by to drop off the script, however he hasn't finished it yet. Carl distracts Jack by writing him a check. The delay is just long enough for the ship to cast off, trapping Jack on board and assuring Carl that the now captive scriptwriter will complete his task. Denham has a map of the mysterious Skull Island, and he pays the steamer captain, Englehorn ( Thomas Kretschmann ), to sail to the island before going to Singapore. En route, Jack Driscoll falls in love with Darrow. Jimmy ( Jamie Bell ), the youngest member of the crew, is reading Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness. He discusses the book with Mr. Hayes ( Evan Parke ), the first mate, observing at one point that "it's not an adventure story." The ship, arriving in a dense fog, actually collides with the island. Carl takes a party ashore, where they discover the ruins of an old civilization and encounter the unsettling natives. At first all they see are old women and children, so they believe themselves to be relatively safe. However, their seeming good fortune doesn't last long; one of the film crew is run through with a spear and dies on the spot. The natives grab the others and just as one of them is preparing to crush Denham's skull, Captain Englehorn and his crew show up and start shooting at the natives. The filmmakers and crew manage to escape back to the steamer, but it's still aground. While they work to free the ship, a native sneaks aboard and kidnaps Ann. Driscoll goes looking for Darrow after finding a skull charm on the deck, only to realize she had been taken. He alerts the others and they prepare to go after her. Darrow is dragged, struggling, through the water and up the rocky shore. She is carried to the top of a huge, elaborately carved rock wall at the edge of the village, adorned with a necklace made of bones and claws, and tied to a wooden framework that tilts out from the wall, carrying her across a gorge to small platform on the other side. Out of the jungle comes Kong, an enormous ape. He pulls Darrow loose and carries her away. The film crew and some of the ship's crew, led by first mate Hayes, go into the jungle to rescue Darrow. The captain gives them 24 hours. The jungle is a dangerous place and several of the rescue party die when they are attacked by dinosaurs, then by giant insects. Darrow's attempts to escape from Kong are futile, so she entertains him with dancing and gymnastics. He enjoys it so much that he won't let her stop, pushing and poking her when she tries to rest. She gets angry and Kong goes away, chastened (in part, it must be said, by a boulder that fortuitously falls on his head). Darrow, losing no time, runs in the other direction. She quickly draws the attention of a carnivorous dinosaur, which gives chase, starting a long and heart-stopping fight sequence in which every escape takes her out of the frying pan into the fire. Kong arrives as the dinosaur corners Darrow; the ape picks her up to take her out of harm's way, only to be faced with a second dinosaur. Displaying tremendous strength and determination, he fends them both off for a while one-handed; when she's knocked out of his hand, he catches her with his foot. The fight carries the four of them to the brink of a vine-festooned gorge, where Kong (never letting go of Darrow) forces first one and then the other dinosaur over the edge. But the second one clamps its jaws on his wrist as it falls, pulling Kong down with it. He finally drops Darrow, who becomes entangled in the convenient vines on way down. So, unfortunately, does one of the dinosaurs, and the pendulum motion brings it dangerously close to her every few seconds. Meanwhile Kong struggles with the other dinosaur, also tangled in the vines some distance below. Darrow eventually falls to the bottom of the gorge, landing in shallow water bordered by grassland, but one of the dinos lands nearby and comes right after her. Kong, however, catches up with it and fends it off again. As the adversaries face off after a brief tangle, Darrow stands between them and backs, reluctantly, to shelter between Kong's feet where the dinosaur can't get to her. Kong kills the dinosaur by prying open its jaws. When he departs, Darrow runs after him; he tosses her up to ride on his shoulder. Later, Kong and Darrow watch the sun set from the top of a mountain and she tells him it is beautiful as she taps her chest to convey how the beauty of it has touched her. Eventually she falls asleep in his hand as he yawns from exhaustion. When the ape falls asleep, Driscoll finds them and, after a battle with huge bats, they escape back to the ruins where the rest of the party have gathered to try to capture Kong. Upset that the woman escaped, a furious Kong pursues them back to the ruins to try to get her back. Darrow begs them to stop and to let the great ape be. When Kong gets near she pleads with him to 'just go back' but he doesn't. He continues to try to get her back. The film crew uses chloroform (supplied by the captain) to subdue him and, after a lengthy struggle, Kong is captured and taken back to New York. In New York, Kong is billed as "KING KONG: The Eighth Wonder of the World" at the Alhambra Theater, where Denham and his producers show the big ape for money. They have hired another woman to play the part of Ann Darrow in a re-enactment of the sacrifice. They reportedly had offered the real Ann lots of money to play the part but she refused. Driscoll comes to the Alhambra looking for Darrow, only to find that she isn't there. As he and Carl's assistant Preston ( Colin Hanks ) look on, Preston tells him that Denham was right -- there is some mystery left in the world, and everyone can have a piece of it for the price of an admission ticket. Driscoll comments that Denham can't help destroying the things he loves. When the curtain goes up, it reveals (to the gasps of the audience) a Kong who seems depressed and lethargic. He perks up a little when they bring out the woman pretending to be Ann Darrow, but he becomes agitated when he realizes she is not the real Ann. Although secured with chains, Kong is lonely for Ann and in a strange and foreign place. Confused and frightened by the crowd and the flashes of the press cameras, he easily breaks free. The audience panics and runs and Kong, who sees and remembers Driscoll, chases him from the theater and gets out into the wintry streets of New York. As passersby scream and run for cover around him, Kong picks up and discards several young blonde women, apparently looking for Ann Darrow. Working at the the De Luxe Theater, Darrow hears the police sirens and people screaming as the ape creates havoc on the streets. When Kong finally finds Darrow -- led to her by Driscoll -- he picks her up and they end up in Central Park where they have a few peaceful, blissful minutes to themselves playing on a frozen lake. Their quiet time ends when the army comes after Kong with artillery shells. Kong takes Darrow and flees to high ground, which in Manhattan means skyscrapers. He climbs to the top of the Empire State Building with her. When the air force attacks, Darrow screams to them to stop but finally the big ape -- having put Darrow safely down -- falls to his death. Around the body of Kong a large crowd has gathered when Carl Denham shows up. "The airplanes got him," says a man. "It wasn't the airplanes," replies Denham. "It was beauty killed the beast." 
 Strictly Ballroom (1992)321) A maverick dancer risks his career by performing an unusual routine and sets out to succeed with a new partner. Scott Hastings is a champion caliber ballroom dancer, but much to the chagrin of the Australian ballroom dance community, Scott believes in dancing "his own steps". Fran is a beginning dancer and a bit of an ugly duckly who has the audacity to ask to be Scott's partner after his unorthodox style causes his regular partner to dance out of his life. Together, these two misfits try to win the Australian Pan Pacific Championships and show the Ballroom Confederation that they are wrong when they say, "there are no new steps!" Rowena Young Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Strictly Ballroom is a romantic comedy telling the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings. Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood. He has become very proficient but he encounters considerable resistance when he tries to dance his own steps in preference to the more traditional ballroom moves. Scott's steps are not strictly ballroom. His dancing partner Liz leaves him, and he eventually finds a new dancing partner, and love, with the plain and ordinary dancing student Fran. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, it is discovered that the competition has been fixed by Barry Fife, chairman of the Australian Dancing Federation. Fife disqualifies Hastings and Fran, but they dance anyway and practically bring down the house dancing the Paso Doble, which they have learned from Fran's father and grandmother. In the end, it is not revealed whether Scott and Fran win or lose, as in the story, that is not an important factor. A sub-plot involves Scott's discovery of his parents' hidden past - they too had been ballroom dancing champions until Scott's father (now a quiet and retiring type) had attempted to flout convention with novel dance steps. 