nm0001611:

 Drugstore Cowboy (1989)651) A pharmacy-robbing dope fiend and his crew pop pills and evade the law. A group of drug users in the 1970's help finance their habit by robbing drug stores. Matt Dillon's character is very superstitious and eventually his luck runs out. Jason Ihle <jrihl@conncoll.edu> 1971. Based in Portland, Oregon, Bob Hughes is a golf aficionado and is highly superstitious. He is also a junkie who, when he's not in prison for his crimes, leads a small group of like minded people robbing pharmaceutical dispensaries throughout the Pacific Northwest of what they hope will be prescription narcotics, both to use as their fixes as well as trade for other street drugs from other junkies, such as their lowlife neighbor, David. Bob's team includes: Dianne, his wife who he's known since they were kids; Rick, his slightly dim apprentice; and Nadine, Rick's very young girlfriend who they picked up along the way in one of their robberies, and who Bob treats as the junior partner and thus the expendable one of the group. PPD Narcotics Detective Gentry and his team know that Bob is committing these crimes and has to figure out how best to nab him. Bob, in return, knows that Gentry is watching them. A specific incident that occurs during the course of their illegal activities in combination with what looks to be the fates lining up against them makes Bob reevaluate his life and contemplate going clean and straight, with or without Dianne. If Bob does make the decision to do so, he may find that saying it will happen or wanting it to happen is different from it actually happening. He may also find that a past incident with Gentry and his men will factor into what happens. Huggo In 1971, in Portland, Bob, his girlfriend Dianne and his friends Rick and his girlfriend Nadine are smalltime thieves of drugstores and hospitals. They spend their lives drugged and Bob is chased by the abusive police detective Gentry (James Remar). They decide to move to another city and soon Nadine has an OD, affecting Bob that decides to return to Portland and be clean. But he is haunted by his past. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Matt Dillon and Kelly Lynch play a heroin-driven Bonnie and Clyde, knocking over drugstores in the Pacific Northwest. Ultimately, they must dispose of the body of one of their crew, sneaking it out from a motel where a sheriffs' convention is being held. lwilliams <lwilliams@yankeegroup.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A highly superstitious Bob and wife Diane love to do various pharmaceutical drugs like dilaudid, morphine and cocaine. To keep up the habit, they and another couple steal from numerous pharmacies. There's a cop that eventually gets too close for comfort which causes the crew to take up their possessions and move their operation to another town. It isn't too long before one of the crew dies of an overdose. The body has to be moved from their hotel room to their car. The problem is that there is an unexpected sheriff's convention assembling at the hotel where they're staying. They still manage to get the body in the car though, narrowly avoiding getting busted. Bob believes that one of his superstitious beliefs that he warned the crew against is what caused this incident and is scared into joining a methadone program. He leaves his wife Diane and the other crew member to their own will while he seems to be doing ok with his new job and methadone program. Later on, he believes the curse of his superstitious belief catches up with him in the form of another junkie encountered earlier in the film. The junkie, assisted by an accomplice, ambush Bob in his apartment hoping to score some drugs. When Bob tells them he's gone straight and doesn't have anything, they beat him up and eventually shoot him. His last words in the film after being seen driven away in an ambulance are, "The irony was f*cking brilliant. The chickensh*t cops were giving me an escort to the fattest pharmacy in town... I was still alive. I bet he'll keep me alive." 
 Cliffhanger (1993)541) A botched mid-air heist results in suitcases full of cash being searched for by various groups throughout the Rocky Mountains. Whilst crossing a ledge, 4000 feet above the earth, Gabe's friend's equipment fails to work and she slips out of his hand, falling to the ground. Almost a year later, Gabe is asked to go back to the same mountain range and rescue a group of 'stranded' people. The only catch is that these so called 'stranded' people are in fact looking for three boxes filled with $100,000,000 and they need a mountain ranger to lead them to them!! Michael Feller <Reb@magna.com.au> Gabriel "Gabe" Walker is a skilled rescue climber leading a peaceful life in the Rocky Mountains along with his fiance and a couple of friends. However, everything changes radically when a beloved friend dies accidentally. Gabe can not climb anymore because he blames himself for the accident and he decides to quit to another place, leaving behind all the people he still loves, in order to forget his past. Eight months later Gabe returns intending to resume with his fiance but his plans must be deferred as a group of thieves is in the mountains searching for two suitcases containing hundreds of million dollars that were accidentally dropped from a plane. They are willing to do anything to recover it and Gabe must face his painful past to foreclose the bandits to achieve their aim. Weslley Gonalves, Belo Horizonte, Brazil Unable to come to terms with the untimely and cruel death of a dear friend--and above all--unwilling to forgive himself for the hideous accident responsible for his loss, the highly-experienced mountain climber, Gabriel Walker, is overcome with grief and guilt. Eight months after the tragic incident, Gabe still wants to quit; however, a despairing distress call from a stranded team of climbers will force him to return to action, unaware that a gang of ruthless criminals is behind the phoney call for help. Armed to the teeth and equipped with high-end tracking devices, the dangerous outlaws need Walker's expertise to track down somewhere in the vast and snow-capped mountainside, three scattered suitcases crammed with millions of dollars. Will Walker make it out alive, especially now that the unquiet ghosts of the past threaten to resurface? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie opens, we see a guy climbing along the underside of an outcropping from a tall mountain peak. He turns out to be Gabe Walker, a ranger with Rocky Mountain Rescue. He is in communication with his co-worker and girlfriend, Jessie, who is on a chopper piloted by an older co-worker, Frank. The three are mounting a rescue of yet another co-worker, Hal Tucker, and his girlfriend Sarah, who is on her first climb. Hal and Sarah made it to the top of the mountain, but Hal has aggravated an old knee injury and can't make it back down. Gabe makes it to the top of the peak where Hal and Sarah are. The chopper drops Gabe a cable, which he secures, while the chopper lands on a nearby peak. All is set for the three to shuttle across the cable to where the chopper is. There is a lot of light-hearted banter as this is a routine operation that they all (except Sarah) do all the time. Hal goes first, and as he is crossing, Gabe asks Sarah how Hal persuaded her to accompany him on this escapade. She replies laconically, "He told me it's better than sex." Hal makes it across and now it's Sarah's turn. She is a little frightened at the thought of hanging from a cable 4,000 feet above the ground, but the fact that Hal crossed without incident is reassuring. Halfway across one of the buckles on her harness snaps and suddenly she is hanging by a strap and unable to reach and grab onto the cable. Gabe quickly crosses to her and grabs her arm just as the strap breaks free. But they are unable to keep their grip on each other, and Sarah falls 4,000 feet to her death. Both Gabe and Hal are devastated. The story jumps ahead eight months. At the U.S. Treasury office in Denver, Treasury Agent Travers is preparing to leave on a flight with several large containers of printed currency totaling $100,000,000. His boss introduces FBI Agent Matheson, who is being transferred and is bumming a ride on the flight. Gabe, meanwhile, drives up to Jessie's (and formerly his) house. He had left after Sarah's funeral because he felt he had to get away, and has been working in Denver. He wants Jessie to come to Denver with him, but she won't. She leaves for work, leaving Gabe to get his stuff from the house and load it into his vehicle. On the plane, Matheson looks out his window and sees another plane flying next to them. He quickly and correctly sizes up the situation, informs the other two Treasury agents that Travers intends to hijack the plane, and pulls his gun on Travers. The other two agents dutifully pull their guns on Matheson, as does Travers. Travers shoots the other two agents, then shoots Matheson. In the cockpit, the co-pilot comments about the gunfire, and the pilot shoots him. The two planes move into position and run a cable between them. Travers transfers over, then the pilot sends the containers. But Matheson isn't dead. He manages to shoot the pilot, shoot the cable in enough places that it detaches from both planes and the containers fall to the ground, and shoot the other plane enough times that it crashes in the mountains, before his own plane explodes from explosives previously set by Travers. Kristel, the pilot of the other plane, radios for help, reaches Jessie, Hal, and Frank, desperately tells them they are hikers who got lost in a snowstorm, and asks them to send a chopper. But they can't send a chopper because of the storm, so Hal sets off to climb to their location. Jessie goes back to the house and tries to persuade Gabe to help Hal, but Gabe makes some excuses about not having climbed in so long and drives away. Meanwhile in Denver, Treasury agents are discussing the fate of their plane, when some FBI agents arrive and inform them that Matheson wasn't just along for the ride, he was investigating. Seems that one Eric Qualen, a former military intelligence operative, has been plotting to hijack one of these Treasury shipments. Although the bills are in denominations that aren't distributed and therefore wouldn't have any value to the ordinary thief, Qualen has the international connections to dispose of these bills profitably. FBI shows Treasury, and us, Qualen's picture, and sure enough, it's the head bad guy from the second plane. We now find Gabe, who apparently has reconsidered since talking with Jessie, climbing up the side of a cliff. At a level point halfway up he meets up with Hal (who still blames Gabe for Sarah's death and isn't particularly thrilled to see him), and they climb to the top, where they are captured by Qualen's party. The three money containers have tracking devices, and Qualen intends for Hal and Gabe to guide them to each of the three locations. They reach a point several hundred feet below the first one and send Gabe up to get it. Qualen insists that Gabe leave his coat behind, limiting his chances to escape. When Hal warns Gabe the bad guys plan to kill him when he comes down, the bad guys start shooting at Gabe, triggering an avalanche that sweeps the money container over the edge, where it pops open and sends $33.33 million worth of bills floating through the air and down into the valley below. Meanwhile Jessie, having grown suspicious over inconsistencies in Hal's radio communication, has Frank drop her off up in the mountains, where she meets up with Gabe. They manage to reach the second container before the bad guys, who arrive to find not the money but a note offering to trade the money for Hal. Qualen realizes it's Gabe and, night having fallen, sends a bad guy out with night vision goggles. This guy finds Gabe and Jessie, but Gabe temporarily blinds him by flashing a flare in his night-vision-sensitive face. The two wrestle and end up sliding down a long slope. At the last second Gabe is able to anchor himself while his adversary goes over the edge. Watching all this from his higher vantage point, Hal comments, "Gravity's a bitch, isn't it?" The bad guys fail to see the humor. It being night on a snowy mountain, Gabe and Jessie use the money to make a fire, Gabe commenting on how expensive it is to heat the place. Come daybreak, they try to reach the third container before Qualen's group, but their way is blocked by a series of explosions set off by Qualen. One of the bad guys corners them in a cave that was part of their shortcut, but Gabe is able to kill him by impaling him on a stalactite. There is also a scene where a rope breaks and Gabe ends up holding on to the side of a cliff with one hand and Jessie with the other. There is a close-up of their hands holding onto each other that looks very much like Gabe and Sarah's hands at the beginning, but they manage to maintain their grip until Gabe pulls Jessie to safety. Meanwhile the Qualen group encounters a couple of Bill and Ted wannabes and starts shooting at them, killing one and wounding the other as he parachutes off a ledge. Frank finds the survivor and decides he'd better find out what is going on. He soon discovers the Qualen party and lands the chopper in order to rescue them, only to be shot and killed for his trouble. At this point, Travers wants to forget the money and just get away in the chopper. Qualen demands the tracking device, which Travers gives him, but he refuses to tell him the passcode (knowing that if Qualen knew the passcode he'd have no need to keep Travers alive). Travers pulls a gun on Qualen, but Qualen comments that they can't use the chopper without a pilot, shoots and kills his pilot Kristel (who is apparently in love with him; Qualen tells her that the essence of love is sacrifice as he pulls the trigger), and observes that now he is the only one left who can fly the chopper. He orders Travers to take his tracking device and go find the money and bring it back to the chopper. Travers sets off with Hal and the only other remaining bad guy (the one who just shot Frank). Gabe sends Jessie back for help and sets off to find the last container, getting there before Travers and stuffing the money in his backpack. When Travers realizes he is close and doesn't need a guide anymore, he tells his companion to kill Hal, but Hal manages to kill him first. Travers sees his companion's body sailing down from the ledge and thinks it's Hal, although it doesn't seem to phase him that he never sees either of them again. His tracking device leads him to a rabbit wearing the device from the last container. Travers, a bureaucrat who has watched a seemingly foolproof plan completely unravel, is by now essentially insane. He begins erratically shooting at the rabbit, repeatedly missing it even at close range. Travers radios that he is going to look for Gabe, alarming Qualen by revealing information about their identities that might be of interest to searchers. Qualen, concerned that someone might have located the origin of the transmission, takes off in the chopper. Travers finds Gabe (or vice versa, it's hard to tell) on a wooden bridge over a mountain stream, and in the struggle that follows, Gabe falls through the ice and into the freezing cold water. Travers spots Gabe under the ice trying to break through to the surface and draws his gun, but Gabe draws his own climbing gun and fires through the ice, killing Travers. Hal shows up and helps Gabe out of the icy water. Jessie sees the chopper and, thinking that it is Frank, waves for help. Qualen captures her and radios Gabe and Hal that he has her, demands the money, and they agree on a rendezvous point. At the rendezvous, Qualen demands that Gabe throw the money into the chopper or he'll shoot Jessie, but Gabe says that if he does he'll throw the money over the cliff. Qualen relents and drops Jessie off nearby and returns for the money, but Gabe throws it into the chopper blades, and as Qualen struggles to regain control, Gabe attaches the chopper's winch to the top of a metal ladder running down the side of the mountain, while Hal shoots at the chopper until it loses power and falls. It pulls the top part of the ladder off of its attachments and ends up dangling on the side of the cliff. Gabe, who had taken refuge on the ladder to avoid Qualen's gunfire, falls and lands on the chopper, where he and Qualen engage in a fistfight. As the rest of the ladder gives way, Gabe jumps off and grasps the side of the cliff, while the chopper, with Qualen in it, falls 4,000 feet and explodes on impact. Hal and Jessie toss Gabe a rope and help him to the top. They are then contacted by Treasury agents in a chopper, who have been monitoring radio communications for the last little while. They tell the trio that they will be back to pick them up shortly. The movie ends with Gabe, Hal, and Jessie sitting on top of a mountain peak, looking very much like Gabe, Hal, and Sarah at the beginning. 
 Maverick (1994)541) Bret Maverick, needing money for a poker tournament, faces various comic mishaps and challenges, including a charming woman thief. Maverick is recreated from the character James Garner created in the 1950s TV program. Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them. He needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a Winner Take All poker game that begins in a few days. He tries to win some, tries to collect a few debts, and recover a little loot for the reward, all with a light hearted air. He joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvelous, though fake, southern accent as the two both try and enter the game. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Bret Maverick is a superb professional poker gambler, as handy with the handgun as he handles the cards, but also a master at avoiding violence by deception. Like all great poker layers, he's on his way to a winner take all championship on Commodore Duvall's riverboat, but first must complete the steep entry sum, collecting debts and gambling. He has most confusing encounters with other gamblers, mainly fake 'Southern belle' Annabelle Bransford and Marshal Zane Cooper, tricksters in his league, and various other stooges and accomplices, such as the bandit Angel and his gang, the Indian Joseph who preys on tourists and one of them, a Russian Archduke. Things are rarely what they seem, as layers of shameless deception are unfolded. KGF Vissers Gambler Bret Maverick is on his way to a poker tournament wherein half million dollars is at stake. At he needs is $25,000 and he has so far 22. So he goes around trying to collect from people who owe him but it appears they all try to get out of paying him. And he plays poker hoping to come up with the money. Along the way he crosses paths with a man named Angel whom he out plays which makes him dislike Maverick and a woman named Annabelle who is a con woman. So as he continues to go to the tournament and tries to get the rest of the money he needs. Angel's asked by someone to keep Maverick from getting to the tournament and he tries. But Maverick is just too lucky. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story, set in the American Old West, is a first-person account by a wisecracking gambler 'Bret Maverick' (Mel Gibson), of his misadventures on the way to a major five-card draw poker tournament. Besides wanting to win the poker championship for the money, he also wants to prove, once and for all, that he is 'the best'. However, complications keep getting in the way. Maverick rides into the fictional town of Crystal River intending to collect money owed to him, as he is $3000 short of the poker tournament entry fee of $25,000. His efforts to make up this $3000 provide some plot motivation, as well as diversions caused by, and in the company of, three people he encounters at Crystal River-an antagonist named Angel (Alfred Molina), a young con-artist calling herself Mrs Annabelle Bransford (Jodie Foster), and legendary lawman Marshal Zane Cooper (James Garner, who played Bret Maverick in the original TV series). The first two are also rival poker players. Maverick, Bransford and Cooper share a stagecoach (the driver of which dies at the reins at full gallop), agree to help a wagon train of migrant evangelist settlers who have been waylaid by ruffians (for a fee which Maverick in the end is too big-hearted to accept) and are headed-off by a troop of Indians led by "Joseph" (Graham Greene). Unknown to his companions, Joseph and Maverick are good friends, and Maverick allows himself to be "captured." Joseph is another one of his unreliable debtors, and in and around his tribal grounds they collaborate on a scheme to swindle a Russian Grand Duke. During this time, Angel has received a mysterious telegram ordering him to not allow Maverick to reach the poker game, and has also learned that Maverick had conned him in Crystal River. These scenes are some of the very few which do not involve Maverick directly. Angel catches up with Maverick after he has left Joseph's tribe, beats him up and attempts to hang him. Despite being tied to both a tree and to his horse, Maverick escapes and reaches the poker game-on a paddle steamer-safely. Bransford and Angel have also reached the game, and Cooper who is engaged to ensure the security of the game. After preliminary rounds, the four finalists are Maverick, Bransford, Angel, and the Commodore of the boat (James Coburn). Maverick almost fails to reach the final table by the 5:00am deadline, having had his stateroom door chained (by an unknown person) after a short tryst with Bransford. The game proceeds, with Bransford the first eliminated, and shortly thereafter a "fixed" hand is dealt to the three remaining players. The Commodore is given four 8s and Angel is given a low straight flush, whilst Maverick has the 10, Jack, Queen and King of Spades. The Commodore and Angel each bet "all in" (inferring that Maverick is the chip leader at this stage). Maverick observes the dealer bottom-dealing to the others, protests the conduct of the hand, and eventually accepts one card dealt by Angel and calls the bets without checking the card. It is, melodramatically, the Ace of Spades (Note that a 9 of Spades would also have won the hand for Maverick). An enraged Angel draws his gun but he, and his stooges in the audience, are gunned down in rapid succession by Cooper and Maverick (drawing one of Cooper's guns). Three plot twists follow Maverick's win: Firstly, Cooper steals the $500,000 prize money instead of presenting it to Maverick. Secondly, it is revealed that the Commodore and Cooper were secretly in cahoots on the theft and that Angel had actually been working for the Commodore. Thirdly, Maverick ambushes the two around a campfire and steals back the money. He leaves them with a single gun to settle their affairs. Cooper beats up the Commodore and angrily vows to wreak bloody vengeance on Maverick, even if it means hunting him to the ends of the earth. Later, Maverick is relaxing in a bath-house when Cooper finds him, and drops the facade to reveal (to the audience) that he is in fact Maverick's father. It is also revealed that the real conspiracy was between the two of them. Suddenly, however, Bransford enters the bath-house and robs Cooper and Maverick (whose relationship she had easily surmised). However, she only gets away with half of the money she had expected, as Maverick had hidden the rest in his boots. Maverick smiles and comments that it will be a lot of fun getting the rest of the money back from her. 
 Beautiful Girls (1996)761) A piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love. New York based jazz pianist Willie Conway heads back to his small hometown of Knights Ridge, Massachusetts for a high school reunion. The trip is as much to go to the reunion and see his old friends - none of whom left Knights Ridge after graduation - as it is to get away from his current life, at which he is at a crossroads both personally and professionally. He is just eking out a living with his piano playing gigs, and as such he is thinking about taking a sales job. He's also not sure if he's ready to marry his long time girlfriend, lawyer Tracy Stover. Most of Willie's Knights Ridge blue collar friends' best days were in high school, they still having that "trophy" mentality of girlfriends and wives. Only Michael "Mo" Morris is happily married with a family. Paul Kirkwood, whose room is plastered with magazine pictures of models, wants his waitress ex-girlfriend Jan back only because he knows now that he can't have her. And Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, who was the big man in high school, is trying to end his affair with his now married high school girlfriend, Darian Smalls. Despite knowing about Darian, Tommy's current girlfriend, Sharon Cassidy, stands by her man through bad and worse. A cousin of their bar owning friend Stanley "Stinky" Womack, the beautiful Andera who is visiting from Chicago, may provide the voice of reason for this group of friends in dealing with their women problems. Some reason is what Willie may need in trying to figure out why he is attracted to Marty, his father's thirteen year old neighbor, especially as Willie learns that Tracy has decided to join him for the reunion. Huggo Beautiful Girls is a romantic drama about seeing the beauty in all females in all the facets of every man's life. It just took Willie to come home to realize that. It ranges from the beautiful but "mean as a snake" Darian, to the inner beauty and personality of Gina, the beauty of a mother and a wife in Anne, the smarts and sexiness of Andera, down to the potentially stunning and witty Marty, just to name a few of the great female characters in the film. Willie realizes the value, the individuality, and the ranging beauty of all these women throughout the film, culminating with the arrival of his fiancee, Tracy. These realizations, along with his friends, lead him down a path of clarity that sets his future into motion. D. B. Pascal Beautiful Girls is about a group of small-town friends joining up for their first high school reunion. They find themselves evaluating their lives and their relationships. It's about growing up and facing reality. Leo <mleonar1@ic3.ithaca.edu> Pianist Willie Conway returns to his snowy home town to attend a high school reunion. Willie reunites with his old friends, Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, Michael "Mo" Morris and Paul Kirkwood. Willie finds that two of his old high school buddies have all got problems with their relationships, Tommy, is having a affair with former high school girlfriend Darian Smalls who is now married and Tommy has a girlfriend named Sharon Cassidy and Paul is angry that his former girlfriend Jan broke up with him because he won't commit and has tons of posters of supermodels on his bedroom wall. As Willie waits for his girlfriend Tracey to arrive, Willie finds himself having a crush on Marty, his 13-year old next-door neighbor and Willie, Tommy, Michael and Paul find themselves falling for Andrea, who is also visiting. Daniel Williamson In this romantic drama a group of high school buddies re-unite for their high school reunion in the small town where they grew up. They deal with the life challenges of finding women to love and be loved by, committing to a relationship, and getting past their childhood dreams and desires to deal with reality and appreciate life. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Willie Conway (Timothy Hutton) finishes the last few notes of a set at an NYC bar, and counts his tips from a glass on the piano. He takes his change and heads out into the cold winter night to take a Greyhound coach across the border for a High School reunion back where he grew up. His old twenty-something High School buddies haven't moved on with their lives. Tommy 'Birdman' Rowland (Matt Dillon) and Paul Kirkwood (Michael Rapaport) own a snow-plough business, and hire their friend Kev (Max Perlich) to lend a hand. They each have their issues - Bird, the old High School quarterback, is having an affair with his old High School sweetheart, Darian Smalls (Lauren Holly) ... who happens to be married, and has a daughter. Paul couldn't commit to his ex, Jan (Martha Plimpton), but when she moved on to be with 'Victor the meat-cutter', he is filled with jealousy and blocks her driveway with snow every night. Michael 'Mo' Morris (Noah Emmerich) is the only old buddy who has matured - he is married with 2 kids, and is content with life it seems. Mo picks up Willie from the coach station and drops him off home. He has a lonely house since his mom died - leaving behind a heart-broken old man, and Willie's wayward younger brother Bobby (David Arquette). Outside, Willie sees for the first time his young neighbor, Marty (Natalie Portman), making a snowman. After hanging out with his pals, next day he meets Marty again - who gives him some snow-shovelling advice, which breaks the ice (get it? ok, not that great) in their friendship. She likes his burns. Paul buys a ring for his ex-girlfriend Jan and proposes. But it's too little, too late. And the diamond has a brown tint to it. she flat refuses, and he is heart-broken. That night, the old friends meet at a reopened bar in town, managed by Stanley 'Stinky' Womack (a much slimmer Pruitt Taylor Vince). Already Paul argues with Birdman, who doesn't take kindly to his advice, and then the others. Next day, Marty and Willie meet again. She asks if he has a girlfriend. He tells her that he is seeing somebody - a girl called Tracy. Marty asks if they have plans to get married. Willie has been reluctant to commit, and doesn't want to stick around to hear relationship advice from a 13year old. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend, Sharon (Mira Sorvino), has had another jealous fight with Tommy (she knows about Darian). She asks her friends for advice. They tell her to ditch him, but instead, as it's his birthday soon, she wants to try one more time and salvage the relationship. They reluctantly agree to help her throw a surprise party. The old friends, including Mo, are back in the bar again when in walks Stanley's cousin, Andera (Uma Thurman - what a cast!! Who was the casting agent on this one, again?!). The men all fall for her instantly. They down shots, and Willie is asked to play something. After a little warm-up, the boys break into "Sweet Caroline". Next day, Birdman and Willie are invited to a long, and random, lecture/monologue by Gina (Rosie O'Donnell) about the virtues of real women. Back home, Willie is jealous when he sees that Marty has suddenly got a boyfriend. Sharon throws the surprise birthday party for Tommy. Things are going great - until Darian shows up, drunk, and makes a move on Tommy. Sharon and her friends leave. Tommy drives Darian home, and she makes a move again but Tommy turns her down. Darian is angry, revealing her true character. Instead Tommy tries to patch things up with Sharon, but it's too late. Clearing up after the party, Willie opens up to Mo about his feelings for Marty. Mo puts him straight. Willie is having cold-feet about taking things to the next level with his girlfriend. He knows Marty will be stunning in 10 years time, but it's the beer talking. Willie and Mo head off to the frozen lake the next day with Mo's kids. Willie leaves him to it and joins Paul and Kev in an ice-fishing shack. When he leaves for air, he sees Marty skating with her friends. He goes to say 'hi'. As they talk, he hears that she has finished things with her boyfriend, Andrew, because she has found someone better - Willie. She falls into his arms. Willie is embarrassed, but a little giddy. Mo almost falls over in shock. Marty asks him to wait for her until she is 18, in 5 years time. But Willie tells her that it would be unfair to wait - she still has a lot of maturing to do and in 5 years will have forgotten about him, while he'll still be waiting. He doesn't want to be the Winnie the Pooh to her Christopher Robbin - as he knows that is how the story ended, when Christopher outgrew Pooh. She skates away. Paul somehow manages to score a date with Andera. He takes her to a bar - the same one which Jan is at the bar with Victor. Andera, as a favour, flirts with him - but when Paul tries to score a kiss she smacks him and leaves. She walks home alone, turning down an advance from Tommy on the way. Paul is still upset, and gives Willie a talk about why he prefers models - the promise of a better life. Meanwhile Tommy meets Darian in the library, who asks him to go to the reunion, where things will be like they were before. That night, Willie drowns his sorrows at the bar. He is joined by Andera. After two unsuccessful attempts to leave with him, she gives in and they go to the ice shack. Andera has a boyfriend. Willie, suddenly forgetting his feelings for Tracy -- and Marty -- says he is jealous. After another unsuccessful attempt, she leaves - and heads home to Chicago the next day. Tracy arrives from New York. She is a big hit with Willie's old man and Bobby. Willie has feelings for her again. Marty is heart-broken. Willie has kind words for her -- he wants to keep in touch whatever happens, because he knows she will grow up to be an amazing person. The guys have a pre-reunion party at Mo's. Tommy has decided to do the right thing and avoid Darian - and miss the reunion. Instead he heads down to the bar - and bumps into Steve, Darian's husband, and his frat buddies. Meanwhile Darian is at the reunion, alone. She is confronted by a man who had/has a weight problem, and says that although she was something to look at, she was as mean as a snake. After he refuses to be bought a drink, suddenly Steve opens up and tells him he knows about what has happened with his wife. They are going to settle it outside - Tommy doesn't believe Steve to be a man to fight his own battles. After a little insult he leaves ... and is followed by the four men. He gets in a few good punches, but is smacked over the head with a rock and then held while each man gets a free punch, and then kicked while he lies on the ground. He is found by the barman, who phones Mo. The boys race over to the bar to find a badly-beaten Tommy. Immediately they get back into the truck and head over to Steve's house. Steve calls his friends. Mo threatens Steve -- his friends show, but Willie thinks quickly and rams the frat boys' car into some snow. Mo is about to beat Steve when his little daughter shows up and asks what is wrong. Mo can't do it and leaves. As they leave, Darian drives towards the house to deal with the mess she has made. Tommy is taken to hospital where he need stitches and has a few broken ribs, but generally is ok. Sharon stops round and takes pity on him. That night, Paul, overcome with emotion, and having learnt that Jan and Victor are engaged, decides to clear her driveway from snow, for a change, as an act of kindness. The next day Willie stops round to check on Tommy and to say goodbye as he has decided to leave and head back to NY with Tracy. Sharon has stayed with Tommy overnight. Willie tells Tommy not to mess it up this time. Tommy is still a little reluctant to visit - he'll never leave the town. Willie and Tracy pack the car with luggage. Willie introduces Tracy to Marty, then says goodbye to Marty one last time and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Paul shows up to wave them off. Paul recognises Marty as "the little neighborhood Lolita", she has a few words for the-good-for-nothing High School buddy as well. Paul tells Willie not to forget about them, even though "nothing changes in the Ridge but the seasons!" As they pull away they run past Kev, who tells them to 'be cool forever', and then out of town to "Sweet Caroline". JT, HowDoesTheMovieEnd.com 