nm0003434:

 The Perfect Storm (2000)431) An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger. In October 1991, a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the North Atlantic. Caught in the storm was the sword-fishing boat Andrea Gail. Magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true-life drama while minute details of the fishing boats, their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure. Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> Billy Tyne is a sword-fishing-boat captain out of Gloucester, highly competitive and stung by a string of poor outings. His crew is hardly back in port when he tells them he's going out again, even though it's October and the weather can turn ugly. Five join him: the young Bobby, newly in love; Murph, a devoted father recently divorced; Sully, a guy Murph despises; Bugsy, who's finally met a woman who likes him; and Alfred, a quiet Jamaican. They catch little, so they sail east, with Tyne ignoring storm warnings behind him. Finally, the fish bite, but the ice machine fails. Should they head home through the storm of the century, or wait it out and lose their catch? Fearful, the women wait. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In September 1991,the swordfishing boat,The Andrea Gail,returns to port in Gloucester,Massachusetts,with a poor catch. Desperate for money,Billy Tyne(The Captain),convinces the crew to join him for one more late season fishing expedition. They head out past their usual fishing grounds,leaving a developing thunderstorm,behind them. Initially unsuccessful,they head to the Flemish Cap,where their luck improves. At the height of their fishing the ice machine breaks;the only way to preserve their catch is to hurry back to shore. After debating whether to sail through the building storm or to wait it out,the crew decide to risk the storm. However,between the Andrea Gail and Gloucester is a confluence of 2 powerful weather fronts and a hurricane,which the crew of Andrea Gail underestimate. After repeated warnings from other ships,the Andrea Gail loses her antenna,forcing a fellow ship to call in a Mayday. An Air National Guard rescue helicopter responds,but after failing to perform a midair refuel,the helicopter crew ditch the aircraft before it crashes,and all but one of the crew members are rescued by a Coast Guard Vessel,The Tamaroa. The Andrea Gail endures various problems;with 40-foot/12 meter waves crashing on to the deck,a broken stabilizer ramming the side of the ship,and two men are thrown overboard. The crew decide to turn around to avoid further damage by the storm. After doing so,the vessel encounters an enormous rogue wave. After attempting and failing to ride over the wave,the stricken fishing vessel capsizes and sinks. Only Bobby Shatford,manages to get out of the boat;however,he has no chance of surviving. He is last seen all alone among the waves. Back at shore a memorial ceremony is carried out while friends and family worry and wait for a ship that never comes home. 
 Tin Cup (1996)651) A washed up golf pro working at a driving range tries to qualify for the US Open in order to win the heart of his successful rival's girlfriend. Roy 'Tin cup' McAvoy, a failed pro golfer who lives at the run-down driving range which he manages with his sidekick and caddy Romeo in the West Texas tin pot town of Salome, ends up signing over ownership to a madam of 'show girls' to pay off debts. His foxy novice golf pupil, female psychiatrist Dr. Molly Griswold, turns out to be the new girlfriend of McAvoy's sarcastic one-time college golf partner, slick PGA superstar David Simms, who drops by to play into Roy's fatal flaw: the inability to resist a dare, all too often causing him to lose against lesser players, in this case gambling away his car. Falling for Molly, Roy decides to become her patient; in order to earn her respect, he decides to try to qualify for the US Open, after starting off as Simm's caddy 'for the benefit of his experience'. His talent proves more then adequate, but over-confident negligence of risks, while pleasing the crowds, is murder on his scores, while Simms spits on the fans but never wastes a point... KGF Vissers Talent alone would not be enough to pioneer , sometimes it needs the company of self-belief. Roy a talented golfer gets the company of Molly , to do things in his own way. Also he has his bunch of friends who stand by him. Roy then tries and achieves what he thinks is possible against the odds, 12 shot being a direct one to the hole. Thejus Joseph Jose Roy McAvoy is a failed pro golfer who lives in a Winnebago at a crummy driving range which he owns in the West Texas town of Salome. One day, a beautiful woman, Dr. Molly Griswold, appears at his driving range for golf lessons. She turns out to be the new girlfriend of McAvoy's longtime nemesis, the smarmy PGA superstar David Simms. Molly inspires Roy to start taking himself seriously again, and he decides to try to qualify for the US Open. Tim Horrigan <horrigan@aol.com> Romantic comedy about a small-town Texas golf pro who qualifies for and enters the US Open golf tournament to win the respect and love of his rival's girlfriend. David Stumme <dstumme@rochester.rr.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Roy "Tin Cup" McEvoy (Kevin Costner) is a former pro golfer recognised as a brilliant hitter of the ball. However he always went for the crowd pleasing big shot when available - "the defining moment" as he called it - and consequently missed out on great success by never playing safe when appropriate. He got his nickname from his high school baseball days as a catcher when the ball repeatedly landed on a more embarrassing part of his body. The protective box or cup, made of metal in those days, did save him from more painful injury - hence the nickname Tin Cup. He is now a driving range owner in a backwater Salome, Texas with his former caddy Romeo (Cheech Marin) and a number of their mates. Dr Griswold (Rene Russo) turns up for a golf lesson - to his surprise a female called Molly. Having rubbished the so-called golf aids totalling $200 she brought with her, he tries to instil a more natural approach to the game. During the lesson she tells him she is a psychologist. The next day David Simms (Don Johnson) a very successful golfer and a former bitter rival to Roy turns up to persuade Roy to play in his own charity tournament. Roy had always despised his play safe game nicknaming him "The Gutless Wonder". Turns out he is determined to win it this year but wants Roy, not as a player, but as his caddy, to use his great knowledge of the course to help him win. Roy, short of money, agrees and while on the course watches Simms play safe yet again on a risky but attainable shot. The fellow golfers hear Roy scoffing and challenge him to do the shot with a spare ball. He obliges to great adulation - much to Simms anger who fires him there and then. Roy's business is again in jeopardy as he owes $12K to Doreen - a former girlfriend and manager of exotic dancers. Romeo persuades him to eat humble pie and offer control of his business in payment. She reluctantly accepts it in part-payment, forcing him to pawn his golf clubs for the rest. Molly turns up for her 2nd lesson. Roy is attracted to her and while coming on a bit strong, he is dismayed to learn she is currently dating Simms. That night Romeo jokingly suggests he enters the US Open to impress her. Roy takes to this idea but has to get his clubs back. This he does by challenging a wealthy club owner to play for his car by playing him at golf with a set of garden tools and shovels. This he duly wins and retrieves his clubs. He is now falling more and more for Molly and decides to get his mind straightened out before the Open and goes to her practice and tells her he fancies her. She is taken aback although she is also starting to fancy him. That night she explains that she can't get romantically involved but spills the beans that her life has been a string of failed romances, leading to frequent changes in career culminating in psychology. She agrees to help him sort out his head regarding when to take safe shots etc. in preparation for the Open. He enters the qualifiers where he has a major fallout with his caddy Romeo who's fed up with his advice constantly being ignored. They end up fighting over and breaking all his golf clubs except for his legendary No 7 iron. Romeo storms off but Roy qualifies by playing the rest of the game just with the one club. Molly is not at all pleased with how he treated Romeo and still Roy tries to persuade her to go with him, bad mouthing Simms as a nasty man. When Simms shows up at the bar, Roy further boasts he could beat Simms at any golf game. The astute Simms challenges him to one swing one ball and the farthest wins. Roy gleefully hits the ball 227 yards but Simms hits his down a road where the ball keeps bouncing a far greater distance. Simms rides off in a chastened Roy's car. With no Romeo around, Roy plays the sectionals with their out of shape friend Earl as a reluctant caddy. Roy even has to carry his clubs for the last 4 holes and barely makes the cut. Romeo has been with him too long and can't stay away so he's back to caddy for the Open. Whilst training, Roy suddenly develops the shanks. They realise he's besotted with Molly, clouding his concentration. She turns up with his car, saying Simms didn't want it - he was just making a point. She finds him wearing her rubbished training aids in a desperate attempt to find his form. She is becoming more attracted to him but refuses his advances on the journey back to her home. Romeo drives him to the Open but Molly is with Simms. Roy embarrassingly gets the shanks again in front of all the pros. Romeo gets him out of it and then gets him drunk the night before the Open as he says that's when Roy is at his best. The plan backfires, Roy tries to be more humble, plays safe and scores a disastrous first round of 83. Back at the clubhouse they watch a TV interview with Simms - the leader after the first round. Molly is waiting for him after the interview but then she sees him belittle and upset a boy who wanted his autograph. At that point she realises she wants Roy. Simms joins a depressed Roy to mock his score when Molly turns up and quite out of character challenges a reluctant Roy to hit a golf ball out of the bar, across a small stream and dislodge a pelican on a post. This he does, winning acclaim in the clubhouse and a bet off a bemused Simms, which restores his confidence and she, having ditched Simms, spends the night with Roy. His form dramatically improves and by the 18th hole of the last round, it is between Peter Jacobsen, Simms and Roy. Jacobsen is in control. Simms then plays safe thus putting him out of contention. Roy is disgusted with that and could actually play safe himself and still be in a chance of winning. But his old self takes over and elects to play a difficult shot - one which he had failed at in all previous rounds. His first attempt almost makes it but a slight gust of wind is enough to make the ball fall short and end up in the water. He elects to play the same shot again and again until down to one last ball which if this failed would actually disqualify his scorecard from the tournament. He makes the shot which lands just behind the hole and then trickles back into it, setting off wild celebrations. When he calms down, he reproaches himself for losing such a wonderful chance to win the Open but Molly persuades him that the 12 scored on the final hole would go down in history long after the actual Open winner was forgotten. Back at Salome, Molly informs him that even with 12 on the final hole he finished in the Top 15 and therefore qualified for the next year. She had also received loads of requests from other golfers for her mental preparedness services which means they could go the following year together. kc 1736 
 Outbreak (1995)541) Army doctors struggle to find a cure for a deadly virus spreading throughout a California town that was brought to America by an African monkey. Colonel Dr. Sam Daniels has just divorced his wife Robby Keough, who works at the CDC. Out of the blue, he is assigned by his superior General Billy Ford to investigate a lethal disease in an African village with his crew formed by the scientist Casey Schuler and Major Dr. Salt. They are impressed by the disease and Colonel Daniels reports to General Ford his findings afraid of contamination in the USA. However General Ford tells that the disease kills so fast that would never reach their country. However, an African smuggled monkey carrier of the disease is brought to USA and the customs employee Jimbo Scott unsuccessfully tries to sell the animal. He releases the monkey in the woods and spreads the disease in the beginning of an outbreak in a small town in California. Now Colonel Daniels, his ex-wife and their teams must fight the invisible enemy while Colonel Daniels discovers dark secrets from his superior General Donald McClintock. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When a disease in Africa is discovered, Colonel Sam Daniels of the United States Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases or USAMRIID, is sent to investigate. When he reports back to his superior officer General Ford and tells him that they should put out an alert on this disease but the General that since the disease is so far away and not airborne that it can't possibly reach the U.S. However, a monkey from that part of Africa was captured and brought to the U.S. and a man who works at the customs house took it and tried to sell it but when the person he tried to sell it to rejected it he released it. Later the man who arrived in Boston collapses and dies, Col. Daniels wants to look into it but General Ford denies his request so he turns to his ex-wife, who works at the Center for Disease Control or CDC to look into and they discover it's the African disease but since it kills very quickly, Col. Daniels feels that it's been contained until another outbreak! rcs0411@yahoo.com A virus similar to Ebola & Lassa is discovered in Africa in 1969. 25 years later, it resurfaces - and Col. Sam Daniels of the U.S. Army is sent in to investigate it. When he returns he warns his boss, Brigadier-Gen. Ford, of the lethal nature of the virus and wants to put out an alert. Ford, who had been one of the men who first dealt with the virus, insists the virus is contained and unlikely to show up in the U.S. What neither man knows is that the host - a monkey - has been brought into the U.S. by freighter. Through an under-the-table bribe, a young man gets the monkey out of the animal-testing lab it was bound for. Soon, the man is infected - and Col. Daniels' ex-wife, Dr. Keough - now with the CDC - is called into Boston when the young man is brought to a hospital in critical condition. Dr. Keough discovers that the man has died from the virus, and at the same time - on the other side of the country - a new outbreak is starting in a little California town. A quarantine is set up to stop the virus from spreading, while Ford's boss, the sinister Major-Gen. McClintock, has his own agenda in mind - to harness this lethal bug for use as a bioweapon. With the President about to order a fuel-air bomb to be dropped on the little town to stop the outbreak, Daniels must find a way to unravel McClintock's sinister plan... Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Motaba, a fictional virus which causes a deadly fever, is discovered in the African jungle in 1967. To maintain the virus as a viable biological weapon, two U.S. Army officers, Donald McClintock and William Ford, destroy the camp where it was found after taking blood samples from the dying victims. Twenty-eight years later, in 1995, the virus resurfaces in Zaire. Colonel Sam Daniels, a USAMRIID virologist, is sent to investigate. He and his crew, Lieutenant Colonel Casey Schuler, and new recruit Major Salt gain information about the virus and return to the United States, where Daniels asks his superior, now-Brigadier General William Ford, to put out an alert. Ford knows that the virus is not new, but he tells Daniels it is unlikely to show up. Daniels' ex-wife and former crew-member Roberta Keough, has left USAMRIID to take the lead role of a similar team at the United States Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia and is convinced by Daniels to recommend an alert from the CDC, but her superior balks as well. Meanwhile, we learn that the virus arrived via a host animal, a white-headed capuchin monkey, that was smuggled into the United States. James "Jimbo" Scott, an employee at the Bio-Test animal holding facility, bribed a security guard and took the monkey to Cedar Creek, California, to sell on the black market. During the drive, Jimbo is infected with the virus through facial contact with the monkey's saliva. Jimbo unsuccessfully tries to sell the monkey to a crooked pet store owner, Rudy Alvarez Before parting ways, however, the monkey scratches Alvarez and infects him, and shares a banana with another monkey already in the store, infecting that monkey as well. Not able to care for the monkey, Jimbo releases it into the woods. Jimbo starts to show signs of infection while flying to Boston, where he gets off the plane and kisses his girlfriend Alice, infecting her as well just before collapsing. They are both hospitalized. Keough investigates the infections but finds that no one other than Jimbo, his girlfriend or Rudy all three of whom die of hemorrhagic fever in the Boston area was infected. Meanwhile, the technicians at a Cedar Creek hospital run tests on Rudy's blood. But Henry, one of the technicians, accidentally breaks a vial, splattering the contents, infecting and killing him, but not before visiting a movie theater. The virus mutates into a new strain, capable of spreading like flu, and numerous Cedar Creek citizens are exposed to Motaba at the theater. Daniels learns of the infection and flies to Cedar Creek alongside Schuler and Salt, against Ford's orders, joining Keough's team. As Daniels and his team begin a search for the host animal, a state of martial law is declared in Cedar Creek, and the U.S. Army has quarantined the town to contain the outbreak, including preventing an attempt by civilians from breaking quarantine. During their research, Schuler is infected when his suit tears. Keough follows after she accidentally stabs herself with a contaminated needle while collecting samples due to Schuler suddenly convulsing. A mystery serum, E-1101, is introduced to those suffering from Motaba. Daniels soon realizes that the serum is not experimental, but was designed to cure Motaba, and that Ford knew about the virus beforehand. However, the serum does not help the residents of Cedar Creek, who are infected by a mutated strain. Daniels confronts Ford, who admits that he withheld information on the virus due to national security and Motaba's potential to be turned into a biological weapon. Daniels learns from Ford of Operation Clean Sweep, a plan by the military to bomb the town of Cedar Creek, with approval from the President of the United States. Now-Major General Donald McClintock plans to use the bombing to cover up the virus's existence to protect his secret biological weapon project. To prevent Daniels from finding a cure, McClintock has him arrested by implicating Daniels as a viral carrier. This leads Daniels and Salt to search for the host animal to save the town by escaping custody by helicopter. After the animal holding facility who had been aiding Daniels by tracking down how the host animal got into the country learns what happened from the security guard about what Jimbo did, the two are able to track down the ship that carried the host animal and Daniels obtains a picture of Betsy and broadcasts it on the news. Mrs. Jeffries realizes that this is the animal her daughter Kate is playing with in their backyard. She calls the station, and the two men arrive at the family's house, though Colonel Briggs intercepts the call and informs McClintock of Daniels and Salt's location who heads out to intercept them by helicopter. Kate coaxes out Betsy, whom Salt tranquilizes. Learning from Daniels that the host animal is captured, Ford delays the bombing. Flying back, Daniels and Salt are confronted by McClintock who tries to force them to head to their local air force base, only for Daniels to refuse. While McClintock's helicopter chases theirs, Daniels has Salt fire two rockets into the trees to trick McClintock into thinking they crashed so they could escape by flying low enough to avoid being detected by radar. Returning to Cedar Creek, Salt mixes Betsy's antibodies with the E-1101 to create an anti-serum in time to save Keough, but not Schuler, who has already succumbed to the virus. McClintock arrives back at base and has Operation Clean Sweep resumed, refusing to listen to Ford who now wishes to call off the bombing. Daniels discovers this and realizes that McClintock will not call off the bombing. He and Salt take it upon themselves to fly in the way of the bomber, commanded by a pilot with the call sign of Sandman One, to stop it. With support from Ford, Daniels is able to stay in the way of the plane long enough to convince Sandman One and his co-pilot that information was purposely withheld from them and that they can now cure the remaining townsfolk. Heeding Daniels' warnings, Sandman One deliberately detonates the bomb over water instead of the town. Before McClintock can order another bombing, Ford, having had enough of McClintock's single-minded obsession, relieves McClintock of his command and places him under arrest for deliberately withholding information from the President, though while being taken away by Col. Briggs, McClintock promises he'll take Ford down with him. Daniels and Keough reconcile, and the remaining residents of the town are successfully cured. 
 Pleasantville (1998)431) Two 1990s teenage siblings find themselves in a 1950s sitcom, where their influence begins to profoundly change that complacent world. David Wagner is a kid whose mind is stuck in the 1950s. He's addicted to a classic 50's sitcom television show called "Pleasantville". Pleasantville is a simple place, a place where all of its citizens are swell and simple-minded folks, a place where the word "violence", and life outside of Pleasantville, is unbeknownst to its inhabitants; things are perfect down in Pleasantville. One evening, the life of David and his obnoxious sister Jennifer take a bizarre turn when an eccentric repairman hand them a supposed magical remote. After a quarrel between the siblings, they inexplicably zap themselves into the world of "Pleasantville". Now, David and Jennifer must adjust to a 50s lifestyle of repressed desires and considerably different societal values while trying to find their way home. Kyle Perez David, nerdy high school student, flees reality by watching Pleasantville - a 1950's b&w sit-com, where everything is just that... pleasant. His sister Jennifer, sexually far more active than her brother, gets in a fight with him about a very strange remote control. The remote was given to them just seconds after the TV broke, by an equally strange repair man. They suddenly find themselves in Pleasantville, as Bud and Mary-Sue Parker, completely assimilated and therefore black and white, in clothes a little different and with new parents... pleasant ones. David wants to get out of the situation as well as his sister, but whereas he tries to blend in (effortlessly, with his knowledge), she does whatever she wants to do. One event leads to the other, and suddenly there is a red rose growing in Pleasantville. The more rules are broken, the more colorful life gets in Pleasantville, USA. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David (Tobey Maguire) and Jennifer (Reese Witherspoon) are twins and attend the same high school. Jennifer is concerned mainly with her appearance, relationships and popularity, while David watches a lot of television, has few friends, and is socially awkward. Their mother (Jane Kaczmarek) leaves Jennifer and David alone at home while she heads out of town for a rendezvous with her younger boyfriend. The twins begin to fight over the use of the downstairs TV; Jennifer wants to watch an MTV concert with her date, Mark Davis, while David hopes to watch a marathon of his favorite show, Pleasantville. Pleasantville is a black-and-white '50s sitcom, a cross between Leave It to Beaver and Father Knows Best that centers around the idyllic Parker family George (William H. Macy), his wife Betty (Joan Allen), and their two children, Bud and Mary Sue. David is an expert on every episode and wants to watch the marathon so he can win a $1,000 trivia contest. During the fight between David and Jennifer, the remote control breaks and the TV cannot be turned on manually. A mysterious TV repairman (Don Knotts) shows up uninvited, and quizzes David on Pleasantville before giving him a strange-looking, retro-styled remote control. The repairman leaves, and David and Jennifer promptly resume fighting. However, through some mechanism of the remote control, they are transported into the television, ending up in the Parkers' black and white Pleasantville living room. David tries to reason with the repairman (who communicates with him through the Parkers' TV set) but succeeds only in chasing him away. David and Jennifer must now pretend they are, respectively, Bud and Mary Sue Parker. Jennifer is dismayed to be stranded, but she and David begin exposing the town to issues such as sex, personal freedoms, styles of art, and literature. Pleasantville soon begins changing at a rapid pace, and previously black and white objects and people begin to develop full and vibrant colors. After initially wanting to leave, David discovers a sense of belonging he lacked in the real world, so when the TV repairman returns and berates him for altering the show so much, David turns off the TV, relinquishing his ability to go home in the process. While the mayor is concerned, people in Pleasantville begin to explore hidden abilities and revel in their new freedoms. The town fathers, who see the changes as eating away at the town's moral values, remain unchanged. Certain youths, such as Skip and Whitey and their friends, also remain unaffected. They resolve to do something about their increasingly distant wives and disaffected youths. Behavior similar to Nazism, as well as racial segregation and subsequent rioting similar to that of the African-American Civil Rights Movement start to occur, incited by a nude painting of Betty on the window of Bud's boss Bill Johnsons soda shop; the window is smashed with a park bench, and the soda shop is destroyed, books are burned, and anyone who is "colored" is harassed in the streets. Bud begins to grow into a strong leader, advocating resistance to the new "Pleasantville Code of Conduct", a list of regulations preventing people from visiting the library and Lovers' Lane, playing loud music, or using colorful paints. Bud/David and Bill are arrested and tried in court for violating the paint rules, but ultimately everyone in the court room changes colors and Mayor Bob leaves in horror when he is exposed as having changed as well. Eventually, the entire town becomes colored, and the people of Pleasantville are finally introduced to the rest of the world. Televisions at the television repair shop now display full-colored images of various scenic vistas around the world, and Main Street, which had previously been a circuit that led back to its beginning again, now leads away to other towns and cities. Jennifer chooses to stay behind in neighboring Springfield, while says goodbye to Betty and his new girlfriend David returns home using the remote control after promising to return and check up on her soon. He finds his mother crying in the kitchen, distraught over her life and her failed relationship. She complains to him that her life was not supposed to run this undesirable course. David replies, "It's not 'supposed' to be 'anything'." Back in Pleasantville, the citizens and Jennifer are enjoying their new freedoms and colors. Betty is seen sitting next to George on a park bench. George asks what will happen next and Betty admits incredulously that she doesn't know. When she asks George, he laughs upon realizing that he doesn't know either. The camera focuses on Betty for a second as she relaxes against the bench, then she turns once more toward the other side of the bench. The camera pans to the side to reveal Bill Johnson sitting where George had been. He says "I guess I don't know either," and smiles. 