nm0002525:

 The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (1988)761) Incompetent police Detective Frank Drebin must foil an attempt to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II . A rerun of many of the gags from the television series Police Squad! (1982). An Airplane! (1980)-type spoof, this time with the an incompetent Lieutenant Frank Drebin, who always "gets his man". Visual gags come thick and fast, and it's impossible to catch them all with one viewing. The plot: Queen Elizabeth II of England is coming to town, and Vincent Ludwig has plans to assassinate her using a brainwashed baseball player. Rob Hartill Lieutenant Frank Drebin and his Police Squad! are put in charge of security when it's announced that Queen Elizabeth II will be visiting Los Angeles, California. Frank visits the event organizer, rich developer Vincent Ludwig, who is also reputed to be a criminal mastermind, who may also be responsible for putting one of Drebin's men, Nordberg, in the hospital. Stopping the plot to assassinate the Queen, solving the attack on Nordberg, and romancing Jane Spencer are all in a day's work for Drebin, along with several laughs along the way. garykmcd With the imminent arrival of Her Majesty The Queen Elizabeth II to Los Angeles, the bumbling police lieutenant, Frank Drebin, has his work cut out for him. Already entangled in a difficult case of heroin smuggling and the brutal murder attempt of a fellow officer, Drebin will find himself under the spell of Jane Spencer--the sensuous assistant of the ultra-suave criminal mastermind, Vincent Ludwig. Someone has set his sights on assassinating the prestigious visitor in front of thousands of spectators during an important baseball game; however, not on Drebin's watch. Can Drebin and his naked gun save the day? Nick Riganas Lieutenant Frank Drebin is a clumsy police detective of Police Squad!, a division of the Los Angeles Police Department. Frank returns home to Los Angeles from a mission in Beirut, when his partner and best friend, Detective Nordberg is gunned down in a undercover operation. Frank's investigation into Nordberg's attempted murder leads Frank to become suspicious of well-respected businessman Vincent Ludwig, and discovers Ludwig plans to brainwash a baseball player with mind controlling device, and assassinate Queen Elizabeth II, who is visiting Los Angeles on her American tour. Daniel Williamson Police Squad!'s own granite-jawed, rock-brained cop, Lieutenant Frank Drebin, bumbles across a mind-control scheme to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II. Detective Nordberg, Jane Spencer, a stuffed beaver, two baseball teams, and an odd assortment of others joining the wacko goings-on. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story revolves around Frank Drebin (Leslie Nielson), a comical cop who thinks highly of himself. The film starts with Frank kicking the shit out of a group of heads of state who plan a terrorist act against USA. These heads closely resemble Gorbachev, Khadaffi or Gadaffi or whatever they call him, the ayatollah Khomeini, Idi Amin, Araffat, Castro etc. At the same time his friend and partner Nordberg (O. J. Simpson) was nearly murdered while investigating suspicious activities in a boat named "I Love You". Meanwhile, Frank returns to the USA and visits him. Frank, after few misunderstandings and unintentionally hurting Nordberg, learns about the ship's name, although at first he takes the name as a love declaration from Nordberg. Frank visits the ship's owner, Mr. Vincent Ludwig (Ricardo Montalbn). There he kills his $15,000 worth of fighter fish and a rare unbreakable pen. He is then attracted to Ludwig's secretary, Jane Spencer (Priscilla Beaulieu Presley). Frank asks her out for dinner which Jane politely refuses. Ludwig asks his secretary to pry on Frank and tell her what the police know about the company. He assures her that this is only for the benefit of the shareholders of the company. Ludwig then meets with a suspicious person and demands $20 million in return for assassinating the British Queen Elizabeth II (Jeannette Charles) who is visiting LA. He demonstrates a mind control device that can turn any person into a assassin. Jane visits Frank later that night and they both fall in love and make out. After a failed assassination attempt on Nordberg, Frank investigates Ludwig's office and finds out he has planned to assassinate the queen. He also accidentally sets fire to his office and while escaping fondles a booby lady. Next day he is warned by mayor for breaking into Ludwig's office and also blamed for arson and sexual harassment. Frank tries to save Queen's life in a press meeting, and ends up on top of her in the dinner table. Photos of his encounter is published in the newspapers and he gets sacked. Frank blames Jane for helping Ludwig, a thing which she strongly denies. She then leaks to Frank that Ludwig has planned to assassinate the queen during a baseball match and the assassin is one of the players. Frank visits the game and he first disguises as an opera singer and then as an umpire. Later he tries to delay the game by refusing to declare the last player as out. Players and other umpires start to argue and fight and in the confusion Ludwig sets his mind control device on one of the players. But Frank stops him. Ludwig kidnaps Jane but Frank stops him and Ludwig gets killed. A mind control device on Jane automatically sets on and she tries to kill Frank. But Frank delivers a mind blowing speech which brings the entire audience to tears and Jane come out of hypnotism. Nordberg comes to the stadium and Frank accidentally pushes him from the upper deck. 
 Coneheads (1993)Summaries Aliens with conical crania crash-land on Earth. An alien couple known as Beldar and Prymatt with cone-shaped heads from the planet called Remulak is mistakenly ditched on earth, during a scouting mission for planet conquest. While here, they dodge the INS, have a child and discover that life on Earth is quite good. But unfortunately they are being chased by the government who knows something is not quite right with the Conehead family. After they are rescued and taken back to their planet, Beldar vows to return to earth and conquer it. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} An alien couple with cone-shaped heads from the planet "Remulak" is mistakingly ditched on earth. While waiting to be recalled to their mother planet, they start a family and have a little daughter. They try to adapt to earth customs by living in middle-class suburbia. Meanwhile, their daughter grows up to be a teenager who has difficulties fitting in with her peers or accepting the fact that at some point, she has to return to "Remulak" with the rest of the family. Cedrus It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Scary Movie 3 (2003)651) Cindy must investigate mysterious crop circles and video tapes, and help the President in preventing an alien invasion. A mysterious killer video tape is circulating around. One look at this tape and you have seven days left to live. News Reporter Cindy Campbell (Faris) witnesses this video tape and tries to work out a way to prevent her death. But this is not the only mystery to appear. Crop circles have been appearing in the local farm of Tom (Sheen) and George (Rex). With help from Aunt Shaneequa (Latifah), Cindy suspects that the aliens may be linked with the killer tape and must now work out both mysteries before it's the end of the world. Film_Fan The Wayans are back at it again with the third installment of the Scary Movie series. Cindy is forced to confront the evil forces from the popular science fiction thriller Signs and the horror movie The Ring. Hopefully, her long time friend, Brenda, will be there to help out of this mess. Tanquanae Blacknall Cindy, a news reporter watches a cursed videotape and apparently it sets the person who watches die in 7 days. When two local farmers find out mysterious crop circles in their farm, Cindy suspects that it has to do something with the videotape she watched. She must also work with President Baxter to prevent an alien invasion. Roving reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a hard news story in the middle of television sweeps. She soon uncovers an outrageous onslaught of globe-threatening developments including alien invaders, killer videotapes, freaky crop circles, prophecies of The One, eerie-eyed children, ambitious white rappers and even a run-in with Michael Jackson. Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people following her around, Cindy must fight to stop evil from taking over the world yet again. cindy1 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Katy (Jenny McCarthy) and Becka (Pamela Anderson) are talking about a cursed tape in which Katy refers to a sex tape, but Becka refers to a cursed tape (The Ring). After several paranormal events, they die when the television turns on. In a farm outside Washington, D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan (Charlie Sheen) and his clumsy brother George (Simon Rex) are walking through the farm fields when they discover a crop circle (Signs). Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news. She picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody (Drew Mikuska) from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall)is his teacher. George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik (Anthony Anderson) and CJ (Kevin Hart) (8 Mile). Later that evening, George competes and proves to be actually quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and goes to watch TV when it turns on by itself. Brenda starts getting angry at the TV and curses at it. When Brenda turns back around, the TV is on with a well on the screen. Tabitha (Marny Eng) climbs out of the well and the TV, Brenda gets into a fist fight with Tabitha in the living room while Cindy pays no attention to her. Tabitha ends up killing Brenda. George receives a phone call about the death, and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom's wife Annie (Denise Richards). During Brenda's wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda's corpse trying to bring her back to life. George ends up blowing up Brenda to which the attendees of Brenda's funeral start screaming due to the random pieces of Brenda landing in their hands. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and finds the tape to be a bit odd. After the tape finishes Cindy is cursed after receiving a phone call. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa (Queen Latifah), the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus (Eddie Griffin) agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, and gets into a fight with a lady on the tape. Shaneequa tells Cindy that she must find the lighthouse to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. After receiving several phone calls from Tabitha, Cindy and George start discussing the tape. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody's life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor's teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris (Leslie Nielsen), who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect (George Carlin). The loquacious (and lecherous) old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm's well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens (voiced by Tom Kenny) arrive but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm's cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha replies with "Nah, I'm just screwing with you," and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married and Brenda makes a special appearance. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them. At first, Cody is about to get hit by Cindy's car in an intersection, but she put the brakes this time to prevent it from happening, much to Cody's relief. Unfortunately, another car passes by on the intersection, and hits Cody. 
 Dragnet (1987)Summaries The equally-straight-laced and "by the book" nephew of Joe Friday must work with his more laid-back partner to solve a mystery. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 