nm0004745:

 Enemy Within (II) (2016)Summaries A sadomasochistic Killer is out to murder a beautiful dancer. Drugs seduction and hate fill the screen. But Concetta the dancer still believes that love conquers all. A sadomasochistic killer is out to murder a beautiful dancer called Concetta Masconi (Romina Di Lella) in Los Angeles. Amidst the Latino gang wars as seen on TV news Concetta tries to get her American dream come true. Her club owner Jack (Eric Roberts) seduces Concetta into a life way far from her expectation. According to him Concetta has to live a life under protection of his 2 street thugs. Solano (William McNamara), a LA detective investigates the attempted rape and finds himself on a wild goose chase. The DEA finds out that millions Dollars of drugs are missing from their warehouses of confiscated drugs. A good cop Nick (Damian Chapa) will find out to whom it is at all costs. He eventually begins to get closer to Concetta's case. Meanwhile wanting to get away from all the turmoil, Concetta falls in love with a hot Latino lover Max (Paulo Benedeti). She thinks she can finally get her life back. But she only finds out too late that he might be the one who wants to kill her... Furthermore, Gregor (Sven Martinek) appears as the mastermind to drugs and dirty snuff movie business - a real bad guy. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Guiding Light (19522009)Summaries This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield and centered on the middle class Bauer family. This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield. In its early years, the stories centered on the middle class Bauer family, but later the wealthy Spauldings, Chamberlains, and Lewises, along with the working class Reardons and others, took their own places of prominence, though the Bauers remained the heart of the show. This show got its start on radio in 1937 centering around the Church of Little Five Points in Illinois. The widowed Reverend John Ruthledge administered at the church and the guiding light referred to a lamp he had in his study that always remained lit for his parishioners and anyone to seek comfort at the non-denominational church. In the late 1940s, the show (still on radio) moved to the fictional suburb of Los Angeles, California, "Selby Flats", when Reverend Ruthledge's daughter, Mary, and her husband Ned Holden (who at one time was Reverend Ruthledge's adopted son), took the "guiding light" lamp to Reverend Ruthledge's friend and former protg, Reverend Charles Matthews. In Selby Flats, the story of this show started involving and centering on the continuing traumatic and dramatic stories of Meta Bauer White Roberts Banning and her stepdaughter Kathy Roberts Grant (and later, Kathy's daughter, Robin Fletcher) and also the lives of the rich Grants, the poorer Bauers (Papa, Bert Miller Bauer and Bill Bauer and Bert and Bill's sons, Mike and Ed) and the well-off Fletchers. In the late 1960s, the show started becoming more about Bert, Bill and Mike and Ed and their travails as Meta moved with her third husband Dr. Bruce Banning (Meta returned in the 70's for a brief time and then in the late 1990s.) The show premiered on television in black-and-white and live (until 1969) on June 30, 1952. The locale moved to the Midwestern town of Springfield in 1966 and stayed there until the show ended in 2009. In 1967, the show was first aired in color, then it moved to a half-hour, and on November 7, 1977, it became an hour show and introduced the Spaulding family, who were mainstays of Springfield to the end. The "The" of "Guiding Light" was dropped about a year before it went to an hour. Other families introduced in the 1970s were the Norrises, the Thorpes (Roger was a major villain for over thirty years), the Marlers (attorney Ross (who represented and defended Roger in the first marital rape storyline in 1979, Roger's then third wife, Holly had brought him up on the real charges, the rape was shown on-screen on March 4, 1979} has survived to this day, Jerry Dorn has been on consistently since March 1979) and the Stapletons. In the 1980s, the poorer Reardons, the wealthy Chamberlains, and the middle class Lewises took over as major families as the Norrises, the Thorpes, and the Stapletons all but disappeared (the Thorpes did make a return in 1989.) In the 1990s, as the Reardons and then the Chamberlains seemed to leave the town of Springfield, major families introduced were the poorer Coopers, and later in the 90s, the mob family known as the Santoses. Also in the 1980s and 1990s to 2009, Josh Lewis and his longtime love interest Reva Shayne and their brood of Marah and Shayne, as well as her sister Cassie Layne and her daughter Tammy, became more mainstay. Besides a still undercurrent of a non-denominational religious theme, this show's main themes had been about how to find and keep and hold on to love (its main theme in the early 1990s was a song titled "Hold On to Love") and finding others to help guide you. Peter Bradfield It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wild Things (1998)871) A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students. Having recently been named educator of the year, Sam Lombardo is the well-liked guidance counselor and sailing instructor at Blue Bay High School on the Florida coast just outside Miami. The student body of the school is largely comprised of the offspring of the country club set, and while he helps any student he can, he especially tries to mentor those who are disadvantaged, such as Jimmy Leach who would not have been able to afford being in the sailing program otherwise, and tough Suzie Toller, a proverbial swamp girl who he's helped through a few scrapes with the law in the absence of any parents, Suzie living with her streetwise grandmother Ruby at an alligator sideshow zoo. Although not socioeconomically part of that country club set himself, he nonetheless has ingratiated himself within it, he having slept with a good number of the country club maidens, he currently settled into a relationship with Barbara Baxter, the well-off daughter of high powered lawyer Tom Baxter. Sam's world comes crashing down around him when student Kelly Van Ryan, who has made it quite clear to her classmates she is sexually attracted to him and who is the daughter of one of his former bed mates, sexually provocative widow and socially powerful Sandra Van Ryan, accuses him of raping her. Already in trouble in that no one can fight and win against the Van Ryans in Blue Bay, Sam, whose career is ruined regardless of his guilt or innocence in never being able to recover from such accusations, gets into even more problems when Suzie quickly thereafter comes forward also accusing him of previously raping her, her story similar to Kelly's. The likelihood of Kelly and Suzie colluding together to manufacture similar stories is remote as it is well known that they have always detested each other. Having now become persona non grata among that country club set, Sam is forced to hire sleazy storefront lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him. Blue Bay Police Detective Ray Duquette of the Sex Crimes Division, he investigating with his partner Gloria Perez, goes against her advice and that of DA Bryce Hunter by delving into sensitive areas in believing that not all associated with the case are as they appear on the surface. Huggo In south Florida, a high school counselor is accused of rape by a manipulative rich girl and her trailer trash classmate. The cop on the case begins to suspect a conspiracy and dives into an elaborate and devious web of greed and betrayal to find the truth. J.J. Jackson Sam Lombardo is a high school counselor living in Blue Bay in South Florida, whose life is turned upside down. Kelly Van Ryan, the sexy and seductive daughter of billionaire Sandra Van Ryan, one of Blue Bay's powerful and elite members of the community who has a crush on Sam accuses him of raping her. It gets even worse for Sam, when troubled bad girl Suzie Toller steps forward and claims that Sam also raped her. With Sam's career ruined, he loses respect from his students and the community, while believing both Kelly and Suzie have framed him. Sam hires freelance lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him in court. Investigating the case, police detective Ray Duquette suspects a conspiracy involving Sam, Kelly and Susie, and finds nothing is what it seems. Daniel Williamson Sam Lombardo is a well-respected Florida high school guidance counselor who gets his life turned upside down when two students, spoiled rich-girl Kelly Van Ryan, and trailer-trash bad-girl Suzie Toller, bring rape charges against him in which local police detective Ray Duquette investigates the allegations. But not everything is what it appears to be and the big question arises: who is deceiving who? Matthew Patay When High School Guidance counselor Sam Lombardo is accused of raping the popular student Kelly Van Ryan, his carefully structured life is ruined. But as the case heads to trial, an outcast school girl Suzie, may have information to free Sam. But the investigating Detective Ray, thinks that a more devious plan is at work that involves Sam, Kelly, and Suzie. As Ray digs deeper into the case, he uncovers a scheme that has very high stakes and where nothing is as it seems. <moviebuff@csupomona.edu> A decent teacher is accused by one of his students for raping her, after he seemingly refuses to make love with her. Most people believe him to be innocent, but when another student of his starts claiming the same for her, things get really difficult Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two female students -- wealthy, popular Kelly Van Ryan ( Denise Richards ) and goth trailer dweller Suzie Toller ( Neve Campbell ) -- accuse Sam Lombardo ( Matt Dillon ), a high school guidance counselor, of rape. Before this, Sam gives Kelly a ride home, at which time they listen to both Third Eye Blind and Smash Mouth on a car stereo. During the trial, Suzie reveals that Sam did not rape her and that Kelly fabricated the charges because she was in love with him and angry that he slept with her mother. The trial humiliates Kelly and her entire family, and Sam receives a generous settlement ($8.5 million), which he uses to retire peacefully. It is then revealed that Sam, Kelly, and Suzie orchestrated the scandal with the aim of taking the money from the trial. As police sergeant Ray Duquette ( Kevin Bacon ) becomes suspicious, Suzie becomes increasingly nervous and Sam worries that she will undermine their plan. After Kelly has an affair with Suzie, Sam and Kelly take her to the seaside, where Sam murders Suzie with a wine bottle. In the investigation into Suzie's disappearance, police find her blood and teeth by the ocean. Ray discovers Sam is the killer and goes to Kelly's house to protect Kelly from Sam. In the confrontation between Kelly and Ray, both are shot, Kelly fatally. Ray explains how she shot at him and he had to return fire. Ray is discharged from the police force following this incident, while Sam spends time at a tropical resort. Sam goes to his room and finds Ray there -- Ray and Sam had been collaborating the whole time. They later go cruising in Sam's boat in the ocean, where Sam knocks Ray overboard. When Ray climbs back onboard, Suzie, alive and now with blonde hair, shoots him with a spear gun and Ray disappears into the surf. Before Ray falls over, he pleads to Sam for help. Sam would say "you should not have killed Kelly", signifying he and Suzie showed no remorse in having to kill Ray. As Sam relaxes, Suzie gives him a drink laced with poison and knocks him overboard. She sails the boat back to shore by herself. A series of flashbacks explains the story. Suzie devised the plan, in which she wished to receive the money from the trial, as payback to her wealthy stepsister Sandra Van Ryan (Kelly's mother played by Theresa Russell ) for being scorned and abandoned by their father. Suzie also wanted to kill Ray in revenge for killing her friend, Davie, some time ago (Davie tried to intervene to protect a prostitute that Ray was roughing up, so Ray killed him, then busted Suzie for drugs and sent her away to a correctional facility so she couldn't be a witness against him). She manipulated all the characters in the plot, making Sam seem the mastermind and faking her own death (she had photos of Sam and Kelly partaking in drugs and underage kinky sex to blackmail Sam into joining the plot). She was underestimated because of her delinquency and poor background. Those who knew her say her IQ was around 200 and, if she put her mind to it, "she could do anything." As for Kelly's death, Ray shot her first and then put a gun in her hand and made it appear that she had shot at him. 