nm0009820:

 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 
 We Own the Night (2007)321) A New York City nightclub manager tries to save his brother and father from Russian Mafia hitmen. Brooklyn, 1988. Crime is rife, especially drugs and drug violence. A Russian thug is building his heroin trade, while everyone laughs at the cops. Brothers have chosen different paths: Joe has followed his father Bert into New York's Finest; he's a rising star. Bobby, who uses his mother's maiden name, manages a club. Bobby too is on the rise: he has a new girlfriend and a green-light to develop a Manhattan club. Joe and Bert ask him to help with intelligence gathering; he declines. Then, Joe raids Bobby's club to arrest the Russian. From there, things spiral out of control: the Russian puts out a hit on Joe, personal losses mount, and Bobby's loyalties face the test. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York, November 1988: A new breed of narcotics has swept the great city, bringing with it a ferocious crime wave more terrifying than any in recent memory. Outmanned and outgunned by the new criminal order, the police find themselves burying one of their own at the rate of two a month. An all-out war rages, threatening to engulf guilty and innocent alike. Bobby Green ( Joaquin Phoenix ) is caught in the crossfire. Manager of a Russian nightclub in Brighton Beach owned by his mentor Marat Buzhayev ( Moni Moshonov ) and frequented by gangsters like Buzhayev's nephew Vadim Nezhinski ( Alex Veadov ), Bobby keeps his distance, not wanting to get involved. Despite his hedonistic, amoral lifestyle, he is committed to his girlfriend Amada ( Eva Mendes ) and has ambitions to open another club in Manhattan for Buzhayev. Bobby has a secret, however, which he guards closely. His brother is Police Captain Joseph Grusinsky ( Mark Wahlberg ), who has followed in the footsteps of their father, legendary Deputy Chief Bert Grusinsky ( Robert Duvall ). Bobby's already strained relationship with his father and brother is tested when Bert warns his son that this is a war, and he's going to have to choose a side. He can no longer remain neutral when his brother is badly wounded in an assassination attempt, and Bobby discovers his father could be next. Realizing they will only be safe when Nezhinski and his organization are destroyed, Bobby and Joseph join forces for an all-out assault. Together, they'll try to prove the NYPD's '80s rallying cry in the war on drugs: We Own the Night. -------------------------------------------------------------- Brooklyn, November 1988 Bobby Green (Joaquin Phoenix) kisses and fondles his girlfriend Amada Juarez lying on a sofa. A knock on the door interrupts them to tell them there is a problem. Bobby leaves and goes out into a large bustling nightlcub, the El Caribe. Downstairs topless women dance on the bar and men are fighting, Bobby helps to quell the commotion. He tells his assistant Jumbo Falsetti he is going across the street to talk to the owner. There he is greeted warmly by an older Russian couple and their guests in a modest house. The older man, Marat Buzhayev hints at new plans and the women give homemade desserts to Bobby. He apologizes and leaves. Amada puts on an overcoat and tells some friends tonight she is meeting "the family". At a large Polish catholic church in Queens there is a special function for Capt. Joe Grusinsky. Bobby and Amada park nearby and share a joint before going in. In the crowded basement they make their way to a small group of senior police officers. Bobby greets his father, Deputy Chief Bert Grusinsky and brother Joe and the other two men. The Chief says they need to talk alone and the five men go upstairs to the pews. Joe announces he will be the head of a narcotics unit next week. The police suspect the owner of Bobby's nightclub is involved in smuggling drugs into the USA. Bobby refuses to believe it. Bert then talks to Bobby alone and reproaches him for his lifestyle, Puerto Rican girlfriend, and using his late mother's maiden name. Upset, Bobby and Amada leave, as Joe is welcomed to the stage and his new promotion. Later at Bobby's apartment Amada says she is ready to move in and gives Bobby a gold chain gift. Other guests are there and Jumbo arrives with recreational drugs, everyone parties hard. In the evening Bobby once again goes to the Buzhayev house. Marat this time talks about opening another nightclub, Bobby is enthusiastic and has some grand ideas. It is noted Marat's main business is fur importing. Back at the club Bobby and Jumbo chat, they notice Amada schmoozing with Vadim Nezhinski. Jumbo mentions a rumour that Vadim had someone's head cutoff. Suddenly a group of police led by Joe Grusinsky raid the bar frisking patrons for drugs. Joe taunts Vadim and joyfully tears up a large money roll. Bobby is treated roughly by the cops and one smears black ink over his face. Many people are arrested. Back at the station one of the arrested Russians cuts his own throat and bleeds out. In the morning Bert comes to take him out but a disheveled Bobby refuses the help and flips the older man the finger. Cleaned up, he goes to Joe's office. Joe apologizes but the two brothers end up fighting with harsh words. Joe parks his car in front of his house and struggles with a bag of groceries. A hooded man appears with a handgun pointed at Joe, then shoots him in the face. Bert is told while working out a boxing gym, he half faints. In the apartment, there's many people partying and a cash money poker game. The phone rings, Amada answers but it's for Bobby. It is Michael, one of the cops from the church telling Bobby Joe has been shot but is at Jamaica Hospital and still alive. Shocked, Bobby goes to the hospital right away. Bert once again verbally chews out Bobby. Joe will survive but will need several months hospitalization. Joe goes to see Amada at her mother's place. At a diner Vadim comes to Bobby and offers to show him his business operation. They think Bobby can help them spread their product through his social connections. Bobby is hesitant. Vadim scoffs at the local police then hints that they shot Joe and are prepared to get Bert next. Bobby goes to warn his father. The Chief thanks him but doesn't plan on any action, Bobby is dismissed. The next day, alone with Michael, Bobby offers to go undercover, if the cops can catch Vadim in possession of his big drug shipment everything will be OK. The cop gives Bobby a zippo lighter with a hidden mic, they arrange a safety word "feather". Bobby makes contact with Pavel to say he wants in. At the drug house Bobby watches the Russians cut and repack white powder. Vadim is suspicious and frisks Bobby. He wonders why there is both a lighter and matches. He takes the lighter apart and finds the bug just as Bobby manages to say the word "feather". Police storm the building shooting and in a wild gunfight Bobby jumps out of a 2nd storey window and lands in pain. Vadim is arrested but while sitting handcuffed in a squad car he hears Bert coming to the scene loudly expressing concern for his "son". Bert rides in the ambulance with the badly injured Bobby. Joe is released after four months in the hospital. At the welcome home party Bobby and Amada are greeted as family. Joe, Bert and Michael discuss Vadim as Bobby listens. Amada leaves to visit her mother, Bobby finds her there with Jumbo, they leave and Bobby warns her it was too risky. Joe goes to the jail to see Vadim but finds out he has been transferred to a hospital. Bert then goes to pick up Bobby and Amada as it turns out Vadim has escaped. They decide to change motels, Bert is to lead the way, Bobby and Amada in a car with a driver and a third car following. Shortly after leaving the Cue Motor Inn Bobby notices the trailing guard car is missing. Suddenly a car comes alongside, a gun is extended and Bobby's driver is shot and killed. Bobby takes control of the car as the assassins move ahead to attack Bert. A wild car chase through heavy traffic and rain, Bobby sees his father is outgunned and killed in front of him. The cars come to a crashing stop. Bobby and Amada are now under guard at the Kennedy Airport Sheraton. Joe and Bobby grieve for their father. There is an honour guard full colours funeral for Chief Grusinksy. Marat Buzhayev attends the funeral. One evening Amada notices Bobby is studying for the police entrance exam. She is furious he has decided on this dangerous career change without talking to her about it first. Exeunt Amada. Bobby is sworn in as a cop due to his "special knowledge" but he will have to go through the Academy later. He will be a plainclothes cop helping at the precinct. He goes to the El Caribe to talk to Jumbo. Jumbo doesn't know much about the drug trade but lets slip he knew about the Cue Motor Inn. Out back Bobby assaults Jumbo and gets more info, Jumbo had told Buzhayev about the motel and then reveals the Russian will be up to something on Tuesday. At a cop war council they plan how to get Buzhayev and Vadim. Bobby remembers Buzhayev takes his grandkids horse riding every Tuesday, Joe approves a raid at the stables. Later Joe gives Bobby their father's revolver. At a derelict site by the water the Russian gangsters meet, observed by armed cops hiding in the weeds. Inside Buzhayev demonstrates the drug smuggling method. They rinse a fur pelt in a basin of water so the drugs are dissolved. Once the water is evaporated a pure white powder remains. Joe starts the raid and a gunfight erupts. Joe falls to the ground unhurt but gun shy. Bobby grabs the shotgun and advances with the other cops. He chases Vadim into a field of tall weeds. Unable to find him he goes back to the cops who have arrested Buzhayev. The cops throw smoke bombs and flares into the weeds to flush Vadim but Bobby can't wait. He goes into the smoky burning weeds, and finally shoots Vadim. Sometime later, at the Police Academy grad ceremony, Joe says he is getting an admin job so he can spend more time with his 3 kids. Robert Grusinsky is named the valedictorian. Bobby thought he saw Amada at the ceremony but then realizes its only another woman who looks like her. He feels upset about it considering how much he misses her. 
 The Next Three Days (2010)761) A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of a murder. Lara Brennan is arrested for murdering her boss with whom she had an argument. It seems she was seen leaving the scene of the crime and her fingerprints were on the murder weapon. Her husband, John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. And when the strain of being separated from her family, especially her son, gets to her, John decides to break her out. So he does a lot of research to find a way. rcs0411@yahoo.com In Pittsburgh, overwhelming evidence convicts Lara Brennan of killing her despised boss. For three years, while she's in county jail, her husband John cares for their young son and pursues appeals. When she loses, John decides to break her out. He consults a successful escape artist turned author, and he starts planning: he'll need to disrupt jail routine, get IDs and passports, know how to evade a dragnet, find a destination, and squirrel away cash. Then, he gets word that Lara will be transferred to prison within the next three days. He's out of time, and the cops are no dummies. How can he do the impossible? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Pittsburgh, the family man and community college teacher John Brennan has his life turned upside down when his beloved wife Lara Brennan is arrested, accused for murdering her boss, and sent to the Allegheny County Jail. Along three years, John raises their son Luke alone and appeals to the court; however, the evidences against Lara are solid - the motive, since she had and argument with her boss; her fingerprints in the murder weapon, a fire extinguisher; blood stain in her coat; and a witness that saw her leaving the parking lot - and her lawyer exhausts all the possible resources in justice. John believes in the innocence of his wife and interviews a former escapee from prison to learn how to plan a prison break. Then he plots a scheme to release Lara and travel abroad with Luke and her. However, he needs documents for the family; an escape plan; and lots of money. When John is informed that Lara will be transferred to the state prison within the next three days, he needs to raise a large amount and anticipate his strategy before the transference. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil His wife convicted of a murder she swears she did not commit, a college professor plots to break her out of prison in this thriller starring Russell Crowe and Liam Neeson. John Brennan (Crowe) and his wife, Lara (Elizabeth Banks), were happily married and raising a family when their lives fell apart in the blink of an eye. Lara has been charged with murder, and despite every effort to prove her innocence, the judge sentences her to an extended prison sentence. Meanwhile, on the outside, John files multiple appeals while struggling to raise their children and maintain his career. Lara's future starts to look especially grim, however, after the final appeal is rejected, and she admits that she'd rather commit suicide than spend the rest of her life behind bars. Determined to save his wife after the justice system fails her, John seeks the advice of ex-convict Damon Pennington (Liam Neeson), who staged his own daring prison escape, in order to draw up an airtight plan. Later, John prepares to put his life on the line for the woman he loves, and sets the plan into motion with the knowledge that one false move could be their last. Even though she fiercely insists that she's innocent, damning circumstantial evidence against Lara Brennan condemn her to life imprisonment for the gruesome murder of her boss. Three long and hard years later--when Lara's appeals are rejected; her devoted but desperate husband, John, is at a loss, and her now six-year-old boy gets constantly picked on at school--what seems like a logical way out is accepting your fate. However, now that all hope seems lost and Lara is to be transferred to another prison within the next seventy-two hours, John will have to brace himself for the unimaginable. Whether Lara did it or not, how far will John go for the one he loves? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The credits roll with John Brennan (Russel Crowe) driving a Prius. He has a passenger who is making moaning sounds about how he can't breathe. Suddenly, the guy stops moaning. Titles say "Last three years." John and Lara Brennan (Elizabeth Banks), and his brother Mick (Michael Buie) and wife Erit (Moran Atias) are out to dinner and it is not going well. Erit and Lara are fighting over whether it's a good idea for women to work for other women and it turns into a real nasty verbal cat fight. Lara has just had a big fight with her boss. John and Lara head home, relieve the sitter, and make out. Next morning, she injects herself with insulin. As she's getting ready, she notices a spot on her rain jacket and is washing it out in the sink - just as she realizes that it's blood, the police storm in and arrest her for the murder of her boss. Their 3 year old son Luke (Tyler & Toby Green) is bawling. Three years later, John is a community college teacher who is teaching English. He tries to manage his job and raising Luke (now 7 and played by Tyler Simpkins). Lara is in the Alleghaney County jail (Pittsburgh, PA), having been convicted of the murder. Her case is on appeal. She's allowed contact visits and he brings Luke to the jail. Lara's story is that she physically bumped into someone in the parking garage at her work who must have been the actual killer. She heard a button pop. Lara's lawyer (Daniel Stern) tells John that all hope is lost. John tells Lara. She attempts suicide. During the next three months, he resolves to spring her out and leave the country and starts to make a plan. He gets library books about prison life and how to escape. He meets with Damon Pennington (Liam Neeson), an ex-con who gives him some tips. He has 15 minutes to get out of the centre of the city and 35 minutes to get out of the metro region, in this case, Pittsburgh. He will need three passports, a social security card that will pass a credit check and driver's licenses. He will also need money to live off because without money he will have no friends. He needs a foreign getaway such as Yemen, with poor relations with the USA. Penningtion tells him to look for ways to break the jail routines. Pennington also says that if he does this, he must decide that he is a guy who is willing to shoot a guard and run over a lady with a stroller, and if he's not, then don't start because he'll just get someone hurt. He starts scouting, scoping the jail, the routine, taking pictures, making maps, planning. John buys oxy-contin from street dealers and asks them about fake IDs. One dealer directs him to a noisy bar to see another guy, but he gets beaten and robbed. While he's at the park with Luke, he meets Nicole (Olivia Wilde), a divorced woman with a girl about Luke's age. He sees a video on the Internet about how to make a bump key. He tries to make a bump key, but it gets jammed when he tries to use it in a practice run on the jail elevator. He tries to move it, but the key breaks off in the lock. The jail sergeant interrogates him, he denies being by the elevator (the surveilance video was not clear). He vomits when he walks out of the jail. The cops who investigated his wife (Aisha Hinds and Jason Beghe) see him throw up and go visit him at his house, but he doesn't answer the door. John puts the house on the market. He often leaves Luke with his parents (Hellen Carey and Bryan Dennehy) over the weekend. John is upset his mother doesn't seem to believe Lara is innocent. While scouting, he notices a medical van visit the jail. He reads on the Internet how you can use a tennis ball with a hole in it to open a car door. While the driver is in inside a building, he breaks into the vehicle, photos a copy of Lara's blood work. At home he photoshops the blood work report so that Lara's glucose level looks dangerously high. A deaf guy (Zachary Sondrini) who was in the bar where he got jumped tells John that he read his lips and that he'll make the IDs for a fee. He gets the IDs from him, but the deaf guy warns him that he wants it too much after John doesn't follow his instructions regarding their meeting. John buys a gun. Luke and John see Nicole and her daughter at a park again and they invite Luke to the daughter's 7th birthday party. John admits his wife is in jail for murder. Suddenly, Lara is being moved to prison in three days. John's dad can tell that something is up and sees plane tickets and passports among his papers. He shakes his hand and gives him a hug, implying that he knows what he's up to and that he has his blessing. John only has a couple of grand. He can't get the house to close any faster. He parks near a bank and puts on a baseball hat and sunglasses. The bank guard opens the door for a lady with a stroller and he chickens out, backs out without looking and almost hits a mom and her child. He decides to follow a drug dealer and tails the bright red Challenger. He charges the meth lab house with his gun and tries to find out where the money stash is. He shoots the leader in the arm to show he means business and sets the house on fire with alcohol. The leader claims his kid is upstairs and dashes off, John follows warily. After a short gunfight the leader is dead and the street dealer is badly wounded. John finds an open safe of cash and fills a duffel bag. He starts to leave, but the dealer begs him not to let him die here. Backing out John breaks his tail lamp lens. Back to the scene from the credits. John leaves the dealer's body on a transit bench. In the morning John and Luke pack up. John tears down his planning wall collage and puts one garbage bag in the neighbor's bin, the other down the street. John breaks into the medical van with Luke in the car, swaps Lara's blood work results, cuts the phone lines at the lab. John then drops Luke two hours early at the birthday party, says he needs to run some errands. He tells Nicole that Luke's grandparents' phone number is in his jacket, in case John is late. At the hospital a doctor sees the lab report and tries to call the lab for confirmation, but they get a busy signal. They decide to transport Lara to a hospital asap. Lieutenant Nabulsi is supervising the detectives who investigated the murder for which Lara was convicted and also the murders of the drug dealer. They view the charred meth lab house. The cops find the broken tail lamp lens. Six Priuses are registered to felons including a murderer and a rapist. Murderer is incarcerated. Rapist is out. Rapist is in a wheel chair. Check the murderer - does she have a husband or child of driving age? Yes - it's Lara's car and guess what? She just got transported to the hospital. Nabulsi has his officers call the escort. They say everything is secure. But, Nabulsi runs to the hospital anyway. Then John bursts in with a gun, gets everyone in the room tied up, gets Lara to put on civilian clothes (several layers). She is not a happy camper. Tries to talk him out of it. He threatens her that she needs to call Luke and tell him not to expect her he's waiting for her. Then she's with him. They walk quickly through the hospital, first with white lab coats, which they ditch to try to throw the cops off their trail. They come face to face with Nabulsi but manage to escape in the eleavtor. They change clothes several times. They blend in with the crowd, but Nabulsi is on their tail. They board a commuter train. Nabulsi just misses them and chases the train on foot and tries to get it stopped. John stops the train with the eestop. He and Lara jump off. He had previously cut a hole in a chain link fence. They hop into a Chevy Traverse SUV that he has rented earlier and parked there. They just get over the bridge before the police get it blocked off. They drive to the party to pick Luke up. Luke's not there, Nicole has taken all the kids to the zoo. They'll be back in an hour. They start to drive to the zoo. They're running out of time on the 35 minute window. At the last second, he ditches the zoo plan and enters an interstate. He explains about road blocks and that they will come back for Luke somehow later. Lara opens the car door, apparently attempting suicide and lets herself fall. John grabs her and manages to control the spinning SUV. After a reconcilatory pause they drive off, take the next exit and head to the zoo. John finds Luke without any trouble in the aquarium room at the zoo. Nicole sees Lara in the vehicle, the family get in the SUV and drive to a train station. Nabulsi tells his chief on the phone that he's sorry the Mayor was delayed in a roadblock, he had only ordered his cops to stop couples with a kid not every car. When John approaches a toll booth road block they are waved through, it turns out that they had picked up an elderly couple. Nabulsi's detectives find John's garbage and are trying to piece together the plan he had mounted on a wall. They think they have figured out that they are headed to Haiti. The family drops off the seniors in Buffalo and go through airport security with the fake passports, John is trembling nervously so Lara takes charge, they manage to get on the plane. The police interrogate John's father but he claims ignorance and says he never talked with his son. Later, at the parking garage murder scene, Detective Quinn ponders and imagines how the murder could have occurred with Lara's story. A junkie mugger slammed a fire extinguisher into Lara's boss's head. As Lara walked to her adjacent car, she physically bumps into the mugger. Lara picks up the fire extinguisher because it is blocking her car but can't see the body on the far side of her car. She leaves the parking garage. A man sees her leave and the boss's body. It was raining that night, and it's raining tonight too. The male detective drops a piece of paper to see where the button would have gone (off of the junkie's jacket Lara said she heard a button pop). It ends up in a catch basin by the curb. The detectives lift the grate off but don't see a button, but it's there. The cops decide to drop it and return to regular work. At his home, John's father opens an atlas and flips to the Caribbean coast of South America, he smiles. John, Lara, and Luke are in a hotel room in Venezuela. Luke has finally kissed his mom goodnight again as Lara and Luke sleep blissfully on the bed and John takes a picture. 
 Caf Society (2016)541) In the 1930s, a Bronx native moves to Hollywood and falls in love with a young woman who is seeing a married man. In 1930's Hollywood, the powerful agent, Phil Stern, is attending a party and receives a phone call from his sister living in New York. She asks for a job for her son and Phil's nephew, Bobby, who decided to move to Hollywood. Three weeks later Phil schedules a meeting with Bobby and decides to help him. He asks his secretary Veronica "Vonnie" to hang around with Bobby, showing him the touristic places. Bobby immediately falls in love with Vonnie, but she tells that she has a boyfriend, a journalist that travels most of the time. However, Vonnie's boyfriend is indeed a married man that is also in love with her and soon she has to make a choice between her two loves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Bobby Dorfman (Jesse Eisenberg) is the youngest son of a Jewish family in New York City in the 1930s; his elder sister Evelyn is a married school teacher, while his elder brother Ben is a gangster. Discontented with working for his father, a jeweler, Bobby decides to move to Hollywood, where he takes a job running menial errands for his uncle Phil (Steve Carell), a powerhouse talent agent.. It's the 1930s. From a middle class Bronx Jewish family, Bobby Dorfman and his transformation from these humble roots to being ensconced within the caf society of the leisure class is shown specifically in two situations. The first is in Hollywood, where he is sent by his parents to work for his maternal Uncle Phil Stern, a powerful talent agent who he doesn't really know. Despite the difficulties in even meeting with Phil, Bobby eventually gets hired as his Joe Friday, doing whatever menial work Phil needs accomplished. But through this work, Phil exposes Bobby to the Hollywood parties where deals are made over cocktails next to the pool. Although enjoying the high life, Bobby likes to think himself above the name-dropping vacuousness of Hollywood. The second is back in New York City when Bobby starts working in the high class nightclub owned and operated by his older brother, Ben Dorfman. Although known, the Dorfmans don't generally acknowledge that Ben is really a gangster, who isn't averse to giving anyone crossing him proverbial cement shoes never to be seen again. Through these situations, Bobby's relationships with two different women named Veronica are also shown, one, more casually known as Vonnie, Uncle Phil's secretary who Bobby would consider the love of his life. A union between Bobby and Vonnie has the obstacle of she being in a relationship with a married man, who is a little closer to Bobby than he imagined when Vonnie first mentions him. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the 1930's, Hollywood, Phil Stern (Steve Carell) is one of the most successful agents in the business. In the opening scene, he's at a party when he receives an important phone call, believing it to be Ginger Rogers seeking new representation. It's really Phil's sister Rose Dorfman (Jeannie Berlin), telling Phil that her son is going to move over to Los Angeles to find a job working with him. Bobby Dorfman (Jesse Eisenberg) lives with his mother Rose and father Marty (Ken Stott), a jeweler. He has two other siblings; schoolteacher Evelyn (Sari Lennick), who is married to Leonard (Stephen Kunken) with a daughter, and gangster Ben (Corey Stoll). Ben is infamous for murdering numerous people around town with whom he's gotten into dirty business with. Bobby makes his move to Hollywood and tries to meet with Phil at his office, but is told to wait for hours until his secretary says Phil is too busy, and for Bobby to try again on Friday. Bobby goes back, only to find out that Phil took his wife to Mexico. At night, Bobby calls for a woman to be sent to his apartment. The woman, Candy (Anna Camp), is on her first job, and she got Bobby's room number wrong. He chastises her for screwing up and doesn't even want to have sex with her anymore because he is too tired. Bobby hands Candy the money and tells her to leave, but she starts crying. Bobby reluctantly says he'll have sex with her until he gets fed up with the argument and just sends her out the door. Bobby finally gets to sit down and meet with Phil to discuss having a job. Phil agrees, then has another secretary of his, Vonnie (Kristen Stewart), take Bobby around town and show him the area. Vonnie drives Bobby around to see the homes of some celebrities, including Joan Crawford's house. Bobby is smitten with Vonnie for her down-to-earth personality as he gets to know her during their time together. When he asks her out on a proper date, she tells him she is seeing a journalist named Doug. Bobby gets promoted to look over scripts. He gets to attend parties with Phil and meets other people in the business. Bobby still tries to get close to Vonnie, despite her relationship. Turns out that "Doug" is really Phil, and he is having an affair with Vonnie behind his wife's back. Although she doesn't want to be the cause of a failed marriage, she is also in love with Phil. Eventually, however, Phil says he can't continue the affair and he calls it quits with Vonnie. She tearfully goes to Bobby's apartment later on for comfort. Bobby and Vonnie begin dating and are genuinely in love, but Phil becomes miserable without Vonnie. He tells Bobby about his mistress without saying who it is. Phil soon learns that Bobby is with Vonnie, which upsets him even more. Phil approaches Vonnie at her other job where she takes people's coats at a venue. He is preparing to tell his wife about their affair, but he asks Vonnie to marry him. He heads off and returns to his office where Bobby finds him. Phil mentions a signed letter and photo from Rudolph Valentino on his desk, which Bobby knows came from Vonnie. He goes to see her at her job and asks her if she will choose him or Phil. Vonnie says she chooses Phil. Bobby returns to New York and begins to run a nightclub with Ben after he and his buddies killed the previous owner and buried him under cement. Bobby is soon swept up in the world of cafe society, getting to know more rich folks and celebrities, as well as politicians and gangsters. Here, Bobby meets the woman that would eventually become his wife, Veronica Hayes (Blake Lively). She is recently divorced after her husband cheated on her with her best friend. Bobby and Veronica date, and she becomes pregnant, leading them to get married at city hall. At one point, he accidentally calls her Vonnie (since Vonnie's full name is also Veronica). Evelyn and Leonard have issues with their neighbor Joe (Brendan Burke), a very nasty individual that constantly causes distress to the couple. Apparently, Joe has threatened to shoot Evelyn's dog, and since she knows he's a security guard, she figures he most likely has a gun that he's ready to use. Fearing for the safety of her and her family, Evelyn asks Ben to have a talk with Joe. Ben and his pals kidnap Joe, shoot him, then bury him under cement as well. Bobby is taken by surprise when Phil and Vonnie, now married, visit New York and attend the nightclub. Bobby and Vonnie agree to go around the city. They spend a day together, eventually kissing on a bridge at the park. After Leonard gets suspicious over what happened to Joe, Ben is eventually caught and tried for murder. The evidence against him, in addition to his other multiple crimes, is enough to get him the death sentence. While in prison, Ben becomes a Born Again Christian, which upsets both of his traditionally Jewish parents. Ben later gets the electric chair, and he is cremated. Bobby spreads his ashes near one of Ben's favorite spots. Following Ben's death, the nightclub gains more patrons for his notoriety. Bobby travels to Los Angeles to consider opening up a club there. He spends time with Vonnie while there, where she mentions that she and Phil will visit New York again. She and Bobby decide it's best if they don't see each other again. Upon his return, Veronica asks Bobby if he cheated on her since she had a dream about it. He says dreams are just dreams, and he kisses her forehead. In the final scene, it's New Year's Eve. Bobby is celebrating at his club while Vonnie and Phil are at a Hollywood party. As the people start counting down to midnight, we see both Bobby and Vonnie in their own locations both looking rather sad and regretful. 