nm0001770:

 Hackers (1995)321) Hackers are blamed for making a virus that will capsize five oil tankers. A young boy is arrested by the U.S. Secret Service for writing a computer virus and is banned from using a computer until his 18th birthday. Years later, he and his new-found friends discover a plot to unleash a dangerous computer virus, but they must use their computer skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the Secret Service and the evil computer genius behind the virus. Wiki Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1988, Dade "Zero Cool" Murphy (age 11) is arrested and charged with crashing 1,507 systems in one day and causing a single-day 7-point drop in the New York Stock Exchange. Upon conviction, he is banned from owning or operating computers or touch-tone telephones until his 18th birthday. Shortly before Dade (Jonny Lee Miller) turns 18, his mother (now divorced) takes a job in New York City. Upon turning 18, Dade calls a local television station, dupes the security guard into giving him the modem's phone number (a tactic known as social engineering) and successfully hacks into the station's computer network, changing the current TV program to an episode of The Outer Limits. However, Dade is "attacked" by a hacker (handle "Acid Burn") on the same network. During the conversation, Dade identifies himself by the new alias, Crash Override. Dade enrolls at Stanton High School, where he meets Kate Libby (Angelina Jolie), who is assigned to take him on a tour of the school. After Dade learns that Kate is "Acid Burn", a feud erupts between them. The real trouble begins when Joey Pardella (Jesse Bradford), the novice hacker of the group, successfully breaks into an Ellingson Mineral Company supercomputer to prove to the rest of the group that he is an elite hacker. To validate this feat, he downloads part of a garbage file. Unfortunately, the company's IT employee Hal (Penn Jillette) detects this unauthorized entry and summons computer security officer Eugene "The Plague" Belford (Fisher Stevens) to deal with the problem. He realizes the file being downloaded can prove that The Plague is stealing from the company via salami slicing. The Plague enlists the U.S. Secret Service to recover the file by claiming that it is the code to Da Vinci, a computer virus that will capsize the company's oil tanker fleet and he needs that code to destroy the virus. Joey is arrested and his computer is searched, but the Secret Service finds nothing, as Joey has hidden the disk containing the files. In response, Dade and Kate decide to settle their disagreements with a hacking duel, with hacks focused on harassing Secret Service Agent Richard Gill (Wendell Pierce), a known enemy of hackers, who was involved in Joey's arrest. Kate and Dade's hacker friendsRamon Sanchez a.k.a. "The Phantom Phreak," Emmanuel Goldstein a.k.a. "Cereal Killer", and Paul Cook a.k.a. "Lord Nikon" (so named for his photographic memory) act as judges. After being released on parole, Joey reveals the disk to Phantom Phreak in a public park; but they quickly realize that they are being followed by the Secret Service. The next day, Phreak is arrested. He uses his phone call to inform Kate that he hid the disk in a boy's bathroom at school. That evening, Kate and Cereal Killer ask Dade for his help; but, because of his record, he declines. Kate then asks Dade to copy the disk so that, if anyone else is arrested, they have the disk as evidence. After determining that Dade is not the one who hacked into Ellingson, The Plague attempts to enlist Dade's help to find the one who did. First, he offers Dade a free high-powered laptop. Later, he threatens to have Dade's mother incarcerated with a manufactured criminal record. At this, Dade agrees to deliver Kate's copy of the disk. Meanwhile, Kate, Lord Nikon, and Cereal Killer attempt to discern the contents of the disk. Dade joins them; and, after working all night, they learn the truth. It's designed to salami-slice $25 million from Ellingson transactions. Dade reveals that he knows Plague is behind this scheme, because he was the one who wanted Kate's copy of the disk. He admits he gave Plague the disk and reveals his history as Zero Cool. Determined to stop the scheme, the assembled hackers plan to hack the Gibson again. Kate and Dade go dumpster-diving for employee memos with passwords; Cereal Killer installs a hidden microphone in the Ellingson offices; and Nikon poses as a delivery boy wandering the Ellingson cubicles, memorizing employee passwords as they enter them. From the memos, they discover the Da Vinci virus is set to capsize the fleet the next day, which would provide the perfect cover to distract from the salami-slicing worm. In need of help, they seek out Razor and Blade, the producers of a hacker-themed pirate TV show, "Hack the Planet." The next morning, they evade the Secret Service and converge on Grand Central station, where they use payphones to begin their assault on the Gibson. At first, their attempts are easily rebuffed by Plague, who calls Dade to warn him to escape before he is arrested. However, Razor and Blade have contacted hackers around the world, who lend their support with virus attacks, distracting Plague long enough for Dade to download the incriminating file to a floppy disk. Shortly after crashing the Gibson, Dade and company are arrested. As they're being led away, Dade surreptitiously informs Cereal Killer, hiding in the crowd, that he's tossed the disk in a trashcan. As Dade and Kate are being interrogated, Razor and Blade jam the local television signals and broadcast live video of Cereal Killer, revealing the plot and Plague's complicity. Plague is arrested when he tries to flee to Japan under the alias "Mr. Babbage" (a reference to Charles Babbage). Their names cleared, Dade and Kate go on a date. Kate even wears a dress. While relaxing in a pool on the roof of a building, their friends show off their latest hack. The lights in several adjacent office buildings spell out "CRASH AND BURN." 
 Super Mario Bros. (1993)44) Two Brooklyn plumbers, Mario and Luigi, must travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from the evil dictator King Koopa and stop him from taking over the world. Can you make a movie out of a video game? That's the question that is answered by this film. Mario Mario and Luigi Mario, two hard working plumbers find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in medium hi-tech squalor. They find themselves the only hope to save the Earth from invasion. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> This is the story of two hard-working Italian plumber brothers named Mario Mario and Luigi Mario, who befriends a young paleontologist named Daisy. She uncovers a massive find of mysterious new dinosaur bones. While exploring the tunnels where dinosaur fossils lay, saboteurs hired by the Mario Bros. rival businessman, Anthony Scapelli, to break some underground pipes. Meanwhile, in a hidden world called Dinohattan, King Koopa's land is running out of water and going through problems so he sends Spike and Iggy to kidnap Daisy! Now the Super Mario Bros. find themselves the only hope to save the Earth from invasion then challenge a diabolical lizard king and they must battle giant reptilian goombas, outwit misfit thugs, and undermine sinister scheme by taking over the world! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Mario and Luigi, two wacky plumbers, undertake a daring quest to save a princess in Dinohattan -- a hidden world where the inhabitants evolved from dinosaurs! Mario and Luigi face deadly challenges from a diabolical lizard king and must battle giant reptilian goombas, outwit misfit thugs, and undermine a sinister scheme to take over the world! Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Awake (2007)761) A wealthy young man undergoing heart transplant surgery discovers that the surgical team intend to murder him. While undergoing open heart surgery, a man's failed anesthetic leaves him completely alert, but paralyzed and unable to tell his doctors Anonymous Clay Beresford is wealthy, young and in love. He also needs a new heart. After a spur-of-the-moment wedding to his fiancee, Sam, he undergoes heart transplant, with the chief surgeon his friend, Dr Jack Harper. However, the anesthetic has a strange effect on him, paralyzing him but not putting him to sleep. The surgical team are not aware of this and continue with the operation. They also reveal that they intend to murder him. grantss In "Awake," a psychological thriller that tells the story of a man undergoing heart surgery while experiencing a phenomenon called "anesthetic awareness," which leaves him awake but paralyzed throughout the operation. As various obstacles present themselves, his wife must make life-altering decisions while wrestling with her own personal drama. Anonymous The story focuses on a man who suffers "Anesthetic Awareness" (An occurrence where during surgery where not enough anesthetic medication for the patient's body weight), and finds himself awake and aware, but paralyzed, during heart surgery. His wife must wrestle with her own demons as a drama unfolds around them Anonymous The twenty-two year old Clay Beresford is a genius of finance secretly in love of his mother's secretary Sam Lockwood. Clay has a complex, expecting recognition from his mother Lilith Beresford that he is as capable as his father was, and he needs heart transplantation. When Clay finds a donor compatible with his rare blood, he requests his friend Dr. Jack Harper operate him under the protest of his mother that wants the famous Dr. Jonathan Neyer responsible for the procedure. On the eve of his heart surgery, Clay marries Sam and during the surgery, he experiences an "anesthetic awareness" that leaves him conscious but paralyzed. Clay witnesses the dialogs in the room and discovers dark secrets about his surgery. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Tagline is a gross misrepresentation of statistics. The actual estimate of awarness during anesthesia is 1:14000 for high risk patients to as low as 1:42000. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Capital-investment firm chief Clay Beresford (Christensen) is in love with a woman named Sam (Alba) but is unwilling to tell his mother (Olin) of their relationship. We later find out this is due to Sam being his mother's personal assistant. Clay suffers from a heart condition that requires a heart transplant to be carried out by Dr. Jack Harper (Howard) who had previously saved his life and is now his good friend. His mother and her famous surgeon boyfriend Dr. Jonathan Neyer (Arliss Howard) try to dissuade him from going through the operation with a team of surgeons that have so many malpractice suits pending. Because of his mother's intrusion in his decision to have his friend perform the operation, it seems that Clay begins to grow distant from his mother and eventually discloses his relationship with his fiance Sam. Clay's mother does not take kindly to Clay's haste and asks him to wait until he is older than his 22 years. Clay becomes upset and leaves with his fiance. He asks Dr. Harper to arrange a wedding for him and Sam immediately. They marry in a private ceremony in a church at midnight. After the wedding, Clay is notified by the hospital that it's time to perform the operation. Clay then goes to the hospital to get surgery. His mother tries to dissuade him again and refer him to a better clinic and a more experienced doctor. Clay brushes aside their concerns as attempts to interfere with his friendships and proceeds with his original plans, touching upon the point that "he trusts Jack". However, during surgery Clay encounters "anesthetic awareness", which is a condition that renders a patient completely paralyzed, unable to move or speak, but able to hear the doctors, and more importantly, still feel pain. To escape the excruciating pain of having his chest sliced open and his ribs separated, Clay attempts to focus on Sam, now his wife, and eventually has an out-of-body experience and uncovers a murder plot against him. (Spoiler warning). During his outerbody experience, Clay discovers that Dr. Harper, one other surgeon and a nurse are in on a plot to inject his transplanted heart with a chemical that will cause it to be rejected upon transplantation. Dr. Harper has second thoughts at which point Clay's new wife Sam comes in. Apparently, she is a main part of the whole scheme. The doctors want Clay to die because now that he and Sam are married, his millions will go to her, and in turn, pay for all the hospital's malpractice suits (later we find out that Sam used to be a nurse there). She proceeds to encourage him and even coerces him to go through with the plan and inject the transplanted heart. The heart if rejected would cause Clay to die because he (like his mother is O negative - a rare blood type) will not find a transplant in time. In the operating room one of the conspirators fails to show up and a seemingly inept anesthesiologist with an apparent drinking problem named Dr. Larry Lupin shows up to replace him. Meanwhile Clay's mother anxiously awaits for the results of the operation. Sam tries to win over her mother in law during her vulnerable moment. One of the surgeons makes a move on Sam since he feels he had seen her before. During his out of body experience Clay discovers and remembers things about his wife that point to her deceipt. Meanwhile as Sam is shuttling between the operating room and consoling (winning over) Clay's mother she forgets her purse in the waiting room. Clay's mother growing suspicious of Clay's newly wed wife looks through her purse and discovers that Sam was a nurse before she became her assistant. Clay during his out of body experience finds that Sam worked at the hospital and worked under Dr. Harper. He is dejected and accepting his fate walks (during his out of body experience) to his own home and awaits death. Clay's mother begins piecing together the situation, based on Sam's behavior and conversations, and finally gets a notion of what's going on. Upon discovering the truth, she takes an overdose of some of her son's medicine, and calls her boyfriend, Dr. Neyer, and tells him the whole situation. She tells him to come save her son. Dr. Neyer returns to evict Dr. Harper, and, upon seeing the mother's death, realises that she overdosed so that he could save her son (they had the same rare blood type). He then transplants the mother's heart into the son. Dr. Harper and his associates are arrested after Dr. Lupin is revealed to be an undercover police officer. As the transplant is complete Clay refuses to leave "limbo" since he has nothing left in the outside world after the death of his mother. His mother then proceeds to remind Clay that limbo with his mother and an afterlife with his father may not be that ideal. She reminds him that his father was a cocaine addict who was abusive to his son. During one such quarrel, she had accidentally murdered her own husband as he was about to harm a young Clay. Dr. Harper continues to narrate the story, noting that Clay eventually had his revenge. Clay then wakes up, while Dr. Harper's words close the movie with "He is awake". 
 Short Circuit (1986)321) Number 5 of a group of experimental robots in a lab is electrocuted, suddenly becomes intelligent, and escapes. Number 5, one of a group of experimental military robots, undergoes a sudden transformation after being struck by lightning. He develops self-awareness, consciousness, and a fear of the reprogramming that awaits him back at the factory. With the help of a young woman, Number 5 tries to evade capture and convince his creator that he has truly become alive. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nova Robotics in Damon, Washington, has developed a new line of laser weapon-equipped robots called Strategic Artificially Intelligent Nuclear Transport (SAINT), which have tank-like tracks for movement. At a cost of $11 million each, five robots have been built, each capable of being parachuted into enemy territory and transporting a nuclear bomb into position. SAINT inventor Newton Crosby (Steve Guttenburg) envisioned the robots for non-military uses, but the military establishment sees them as the "ultimate soldier" that will follow orders without question. After the robots offer an impressive demonstration to military and government officials, a bolt of lightning hits the generator recharging robot Number Five. While Five initially seems to be fine, it quickly starts bumping into walls and malfunctioning. Five accidentally gets onto a garbage truck leaving the Nova Laboratories compound, but then falls off, landing in a pasture. When Nova officials discover Five is missing, Newton Crosby contacts it, but Five signals back, "Malfunction. Need input." Nova officials learn Five's whereabouts with a tracking device and send a team to get it. They are worried because Five's laser weapons are still operational. Nova head Howard Marner (Austin Pendleton) pleads they not destroy Five, but Nova's security chief, Chick Skroeder (G.W. Bailey), tells his men to use any means necessary to put it out of commission. Newton and his assistant, Ben Jabituya (Fisher Stevens), also search for the robot. Five maneuvers aimlessly, seeking "input." A security tank catches up as Five crosses a bridge over the Columbia River into Oregon. The tank rams Five and pushes it off the bridge. Five releases its parachute and, unbeknownst to the driver, Stephanie Speck (Ally Sheedy), lands on top of a "Snack Shack" natural foods truck. At home, Stephanie prepares dinner, but notices strange lights going off inside the truck. She finds Number Five, assumes it is an alien from outer space, and welcomes it to Earth. Five audibly responds, "Malfunction. Need input." Stephanie invites Five to come inside, but the robot does not understand. However, when she says, "forward," Five comprehends and goes into the house. Five quickly reads every book she has, delighted to have "input." The next morning, Five is able to imitate the commercials and do impressions of the voices it heard on television. When Five accidentally falls off the rear deck of Stephanie's house, she sees its Nova Laboratories nameplate on its underside and realizes Five is a robot rather than an alien. She telephones Nova, saying she has one of their missing robots and asks about a reward. Nova officials say they will be right over, but in the meantime, she should stay away from Five as it is malfunctioning. Stephanie tells Five that help is coming and that it needs a "tune-up." Five recites the dictionary definition of "tune-up," which includes the synonym, "disassemble." Five sees a grasshopper in the yard and tries to jump like it. However, Five lands atop the grasshopper, squashing it. Five asks her to fix the grasshopper and Stephanie explains death to the robot. Five gets upset realizing that death can also mean "disassemble." Panicking, the robot gets in Stephanie's food truck, quickly reads the instruction manual, and drives away. Stephanie jumps onto the truck as it pulls out. Five drives erratically, but Stephanie convinces it to stop just before it drives into the river. When Stephanie asks why Five drove off like that, the robot replies that Nova will disassemble him. When Newton Crosby arrives, Five conveys the message that it is alive and wants to survive. The security team shoots at Five. The robot returns their fire with laser beams, destroying many boats in the marina. Newton gets the security team to stop shooting and powers down the robot. As the security team takes Five away, Newton instructs his assistant, Ben, to go with them and be sure not to erase the robot's memory. However, once in the back of the van, Five powers itself back up and replaces its damaged arm. When Ben and the driver see Five operating again, they panic and abandon the van. Five drives away, removing the tracking device attached to it. That night, Five returns to Stephanie's house while she is taking a bath, insisting it is alive. She agrees to let the robot stay the night and later, the two dance together, Five imitating dance moves it observed while watching the movie Saturday Night Fever. The next morning, Stephanie's former boyfriend, Frank (Brian McNamara), arrives to collect the $25,000 reward for the robot. Five responds by disassembling Frank's Trans Am sports car. When Frank fires his shotgun at Five, the robot deflects the bullets and fires its lasers, chasing Frank away. As Newton Crosby searches for Five, Nova chief Howard Marner radios that Stephanie wants to meet with him. Newton goes to the Black Cat Inn, where Stephanie tries to convince him that Five is alive. Newton responds that the robot can seem lifelike, but it is malfunctioning. As they talk, Stephanie realizes that Nova operatives are in the restaurant, waiting to capture Five. Meanwhile, Five is hiding in the woods nearby when the other SAINT robots try to capture it. Five eludes them, then reprograms them to behave like screen comics The Three Stooges. Five goes to the Black Cat Inn and rescues Stephanie from the Nova security team. They drive away together, while the security team chases. They elude their pursuers, then return to the Black Cat Inn where Five kidnaps Newton Crosby. Five insists it is alive and refuses to allow Newton to reprogram it or even look at its wiring. Five says that it is wrong to kill or disassemble. Newton asks how Five knows that and performs various tests on Five, including a Rorschach test. As Five offers human-like responses, Newton is slowly swayed. Finally, when the scientist tells a joke, Five responds with laughter. Newton says that is a spontaneous emotional response and he is finally convinced the robot is alive. Nova security men arrive along with the Army, demanding the robot. They capture Newton and Stephanie, but Five hides in the van. As the men approach, Five dashes out the back and races across the desert. The Army shoots at the robot and a helicopter fires a bazooka at it, destroying it. Devastated by its "death," Stephanie collapses and Newton tries to comfort her. Howard Marner is devastated by the loss of the valuable robot and fires both Newton Crosby and the security chief, Skroeder. As Stephanie and Newton drive away, Five climbs from beneath the flooring in back, explaining that it quickly assembled a duplicate robot out of spare parts in the back of van. Newton mentions they can hide out on the 40 acres of land he owns in Montana. Five takes the steering wheel and announces it wants a new name, suggesting "Johnny Five" would be good. 