nm0002439:

 The Sound of the Spirit (2012)Summaries Beautiful and precocious, Rivka is a twelve-year-old Jewish girl who believes in Jesus. She and her father attend a Messianic Jewish congregation in their community. But when her father suddenly dies, Rivka's life changes forever. Beautiful, precocious Rivka is a 12-year-old Jewish girl who believes in Jesus. She and her father attend a Messianic Jewish congregation in their community. But when her father suddenly dies, Rivka's life changes forever. She goes to live with traditional Jewish relatives and attends their synagogue. From her stormy relationship with her uncle, to a meeting with the synagogue's senior rabbi, to the attention of the cutest boy in the synagogue, Rivka learns life lessons that stir her faith to new levels, touching the hearts of those whose lives she has reluctantly impacted. "The Sound of the Spirit" is the never-before-told story of a young girl caught in the crossfire of strong feelings between two faith communities, told with humor, compassion, and grace. Guy Camara Follow precocious Messianic Jewish teen Rivka from the tragedy of the loss of her last remaining parent, through her experience living with the strangers who are her traditional Jewish relatives, to the triumph of love and reconciliation...as she discovers that 'sometimes the strongest voice is a whisper'. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In the Company of Men (1997)431) Two business executives--one an avowed misogynist, the other recently emotionally wounded by his love interest--set out to exact revenge on the female gender by seeking out the most innocent, uncorrupted girl they can find and ruining her life. Two junior executives on a six-week business trip, both of whom have been recently hurt by women, devise a horrible plan to get even with women for their past hurts: They intend to find, romance, and then dump a vulnerable woman. They choose Christine, and for a while all goes according to plan. However, it soon becomes clear that things are not as simple as they think. <mbwrite@pipeline.com> The executives Chad and Howard have just been rejected by their mates. While traveling for a six weeks temporary assignment in another office, they plot an evil game to get even with women. They plan to seduce a vulnerable woman and dump her with her feelings and self-esteem completely destroyed. When they meet the deaf secretary Cristine, they find their perfect victim. However, things get complicated when Howard falls in love for Cristina. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in an unnamed Midwestern American city, Chad (Aaron Eckhart) and Howard (Matt Malloy) are two middle management employees at a corporation, temporarily assigned to a branch office away from their home city for several weeks. Howard is assigned to head up the new project and Chad is to assist. After their first meeting at the local airport and after having dinner and drinks, they talk about the history about their failed relationships. Embittered by bad experiences with women, they form a mean-spirited revenge scheme to find an insecure woman, romance her simultaneously, and then break up with her at the same time. Chad, who is cruel, manipulative, duplicitous, misogynist, and abusive to his subordinates and co-workers, is the originator and driving force behind the scheme, while Howard is the more passive of the two, which leads to a later conflict with the scheme. Chad decides upon Christine (Stacey Edwards), a deaf co-worker who is so self-conscious that she wears headphones so people, thinking that she is listening to music, are compelled to get her attention visually or tactilely without immediately learning that she is deaf. Chad and Howard decide to each ask her out, and out of her lonelienss, she accepts. Over the course of several weeks, both of them date her simultaneously. In the meantime, things with the project go wrong; a fax Chad is supposed to have sent to the home office is "lost" and a presentation Chad is supposed to deliver to the home office is unable to be carried out successfully after some documents are allegedly printed so lightly that they are illegible. These mishaps culminate in Howard being demoted and Chad taking his place at the head of the project after he places the blame for most of the mishaps on the unknowing and nebbish Howard. Chad eventually sleeps with Chistine, and she falls in love with him. When Christine eventually breaks this news to Howard that she's dating his co-worker Chad, Howard tells Christine the truth about their scheme, and tells her that he loves her. Christine is shocked by the revelation, and refuses to believe that Chad would do this. When she confronts Chad, he admits the truth. Christine angrily slaps Chad, but he is so unashamed of his behavior, and cruelly taunts Christine, who collapses into tears after he leaves her. Several weeks later. Howard confronts Chad back home at his apartment. Howard is now apparently in the bad graces of the company, being moved to a lower floor while Chad is doing well. Chad offers to go to higher managerment to say something on Howard's behalf. Nevertheless, Howard is not worried about work, he confesses to Chad that he really loved Christine and feels ashamed at what they did to her. At this point Chad, despite having previously told Howard that his girlfriend, Suzanne, had left him, shows Howard that she is still there, asleep in his bed. Chad says that he carried out the entire plan "because I could," and he asks Howard how it feels to have truly hurt someone. Howard, who had never done anything like that before, leaves, horrified and angry that Chad used him just so he could steal his promotion as well as hurt an innocent woman just for the hell of it... and now has completely gotten away with it. Howard travels back to the nameless city and to a local bank where he sees Christine now working as a clerk. Howard tries to speak to her, but she ignores him. He loudly pleads with her to "listen" to him, but his pleas literally fall on deaf ears. 
 The Broken Road (2007)Summaries Miles Rodden is a misguided, homeless young man whose brother's sudden death sends him on an unusual pilgrimage to Colorado. He begins his bad day by getting fired and learns from his former girlfriend Amanda that his brother Aaron died and the funeral is that afternoon. After attending the funeral Miles decides to steal the urn and head out to Colorado. Miles' life is transformed by reading Aaron's spiritual journal. On his journey, Miles meets up with is, the colorful TJ whom he picks up along the way. Their trip turns them into fugitives, thanks to TJ. What transpires through this misadventure is sure to inspire. Eric S. Filson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Taylor Made (2010)Summaries Amanda Smith, on her way to an abortion clinic has visions of the child years later. The strength of this vision challenges Amanda to reconsider the abortion. John, her husband, is at a loss when she changes her mind. The fate of her unborn child hangs in the balance and their marriage is ultimately at risk. Guy Camara It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 