nm0003231:

 Bring It on (2000)321) A champion high school cheerleading squad discovers its previous captain stole all their best routines from an inner-city school and must scramble to compete at this year's championships. The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen from the Clovers, a hip-hop squad from East Compton, by the Toro's former captain. While the Toros scramble to come up with a new routine, the Clovers, led by squad captain Isis have their own problems - coming up with enough money to cover their travel expenses to the championships. With time running out and the pressure mounting, both captains drive their squads to the point of exhaustion: Torrance, hell bent on saving the Toros' reputation, and Isis more determined than ever to see that the Clovers finally get the recognition that they deserve. But only one team can bring home the title, so may the best moves win. <BriRyeMuls@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Torrance Shipman (Kirsten Dunst) anxiously dreams about her first day of senior year. Her boyfriend, Aaron (Richard Hillman), has left for college, and her cheerleading squad, the Toros, is aiming for a sixth consecutive national title. Team captain, "Big Red" (Lindsay Sloane), is graduating and Torrance is elected to take her place. Shortly after her election, however, a team member is injured and can no longer compete. Torrance replaces her with Missy Pantone (Eliza Dushku), an ill-tempered tomboy gymnast who recently transferred to the school with her twin brother, Cliff (Jesse Bradford). Torrance and Cliff develop a flirtatious friendship. After watching the Toros practice, Missy realizes the squad has been copying routines from a rival team that her previous high school competed against. She drives Torrance to Los Angeles, where they watch the East Compton Clovers perform routines that are virtually identical to their own team's. Isis (Gabrielle Union), the Clovers' team captain, angrily confronts the two. Torrance learns that "Big Red" regularly attended the Clovers' practices to videotape and steal their routines. Isis informs Torrance of her plans to defeat the Toros at the regional and national championships, which the team has never attended due to their economic hardship. When Torrance tells the Toros about the routines, the team still votes in favor of using the current routine to win; Torrance reluctantly agrees. At the Toros' next home game, Isis and her teammates show up and perform the Toro's routine in front of the whole school, humiliating them. The Toros realize that they have no choice but to learn a different routine. In desperation, they employ a professional choreographer named Sparky Polastri, which was suggested by Torrance's boyfriend, Aaron. At the Regionals, the team set to play before the Toros performs the exact routine they had been practicing. The Toros have no choice but to perform the very same routine. After the debacle that ensues, Torrance speaks to a competition official and is told the routine was given to several other teams in California. As the defending champions, the Toros are nevertheless granted their place at Finals, but Torrance is warned that a new routine will be expected. Torrance, crushed by her failure to lead the team successfully, considers quitting. Cliff encourages and supports her, intensifying their growing attraction. Aaron, however, suggests that she is not leadership material and recommends that she step down from her position. When Cliff sees Torrance and Aaron together, he angrily severs his friendship with Torrance. Although distressed, Torrance's confidence is renewed by Cliff's encouragement and she convinces her unhappy team to create an innovative, new routine instead. She breaks up with Aaron, realizing his infidelity and inability to be supportive, but Cliff still refuses to forgive her. Meanwhile, the Clovers are initially unable to compete at Nationals due to financial problems. This prompts Torrance to get her dad's company to sponsor the Clovers, but Isis rejects the money and gets her team to Nationals by appealing to a talk show host who grew up in their area. In the finals, the Toros take second place, while the Clovers win. However, at the end of the movie, Torrance and Isis find some respect in each other and Cliff and Torrance share a romantic kiss. 
 Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989)761) Two seemingly dumb teens set off on a quest to prepare the ultimate historical presentation with the help of a time machine. In the small town of San Dimas, a few miles away from Los Angeles, there are two nearly brain dead teenage boys going by the names of Bill S, Preston ESQ. and Ted Theodore Logan, they have a dream together of starting their own rock and roll band called the "Wyld Stallyns". Unfortunately, they are still in high school and on the verge of failing out of their school as well, and if they do not pass their upcoming history report, they will be separated as a result of Ted's father sending him to military school. But, what Bill and Ted do not know is that they must stay together to save the future. So, a man from the future named Rufus came to help them pass their report. So, both Bill and Ted decided to gather up historical figures which they need for their report. They are hoping that this will help them pass their report so they can stay together. John Wiggins Bill S. Preston, ESQ. and Ted Logan are in deep trouble. They have to complete an oral report for History, and if they don't get an A+, they will flunk History. And if they flunk History, Ted will be sent to military school in Alaska. Fortunately for them, they receive help in the form of a time machine that they borrowed from a time traveler named Rufus. They bring back many historical figures, including Billy the Kid, Napoleon, Socrates, Joan of Arc, Genghis Khan, and others. Sadly, problems arise and all of the historical figures are jailed. Bill and Ted must rescue them in order to complete their report. frankiepenguin Ted "Theodore" Logan and Bill S. Preston esquire won't graduate if they don't do well in their history presentation. This would be both bogus and uncool! A dude called Rufus comes from the future in a telephone box to help them, as their lives are apparently rather important to the future of mankind! They travel through time doing some interesting research for their history presentation, and generally being excellent to each other! Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> With only a few days before their high-school graduation, Bill S. Preston, esquire and Ted 'Theodore' Logan are doomed to flunk out of school. The history teacher, Mr. Ryan, decides to give Bill and Ted a chance. If they can ace an oral exam on the topic of how a famous historical personality might react to modern times, they will be allowed to pass. If not, Ted's father will place Ted in military school, thereby disbanding the Wyld Stallyns, the heavy metal band that was formed by Bill and Ted. Bill and Ted get help from an unexpected source: Rufus, an Emissary from the Future. It seems that in Rufus' time, Bill and Ted's music is the basis of all existence, and if the Wild Stallyns are disbanded, Rufus's world will no longer exist. Bill and Ted are whisked off in a time machine to retrieve a few historical characters for their oral exam so they can pass, but Bill and Ted soon discover that finding the historical characters and getting them to the high school won't be easy. Todd Baldridge When best friends Bill S. Preston and Ted "Theodore" Logan are in danger of being separated and having their band, Wyld Stallyns broken up because they're failing history, a time traveler from the future gives them a telephone booth so they can travel through time and ace their history report. Brandon Schaefer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two men,One time box,One awesome metal adventure 
 Critters (1986)Summaries A group of small but vicious alien creatures called Crites escape from an alien prison transport vessel and land near a small farm town on earth, pursued by two shape-shifting bounty hunters. A massive ball of furry creatures from another world eat their way through a small mid-western town followed by intergalactic bounty hunters opposed only by militant townspeople. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> A Kansas farm is attacked by a hoard of hungry flesh-eating monsters from outer-space with razor sharp teeth and a witty attitude! The family who inhabit the farm must seek the help of a local drunk and his critter-fighting bounty hunting pals before its too late... Joe Collins It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rambo: First Blood Part II (1985)651) Rambo returns to the jungles of Vietnam on a mission to infiltrate an enemy base-camp and rescue the American POWs still held captive there. Only a few years after the all-out guerrilla war in First Blood (1982) , John Rambo's former commanding officer, Colonel Sam Trautman, pulls him out of jail, only to send him back to a place he swore never to return: the impenetrable jungles of Vietnam. Entrusted with the dangerous task of collecting evidence that American POWs are still being held captive, Rambo agrees to infiltrate the unknown zone, and before long, he finds himself double-crossed, marooned behind the enemy lines. Once, John fought for his country. Now, the government has left him for dead in a Soviet-infested land. Can Rambo fulfil his suicide mission? Will he deliver his lethal justice? Nick Riganas John Rambo is removed from prison by his former superior, Colonel Samuel Troutman, for a top-secret operation to bring back POW's still held in Vietnam. Rambo's assignment is to only take pictures of where the POWs are being held, but Rambo wants to get the POWs out of Vietnam. Teamed up with female Vietnamese freedom fighter Co Bao, Rambo embarks on a mission to rescue the POWs, who are being held by sadistic Vietnamese Captain Vinh and his Russian comrade, Lieutenant Colonel Padovsky. Rambo starts killing every enemy in sight while still focusing on his intentions to rescue the POWs. Vishal Former Green Beret John Rambo is serving time in a federal prison. When the US military hears of American soldiers missing in action from the Vietnam war possibly still being alive and held captive, Colonel Trautman is authorized to send Rambo in to rescue them. For Rambo, this is what he would do best. If only the pencil-pushers would stop getting in his way. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> John Rambo who is now in prison after the ruckus he caused in the previous movie, is approached by his former superior, Colonel Trautman. It seems that the government's looking for American MIA's in Vietnam, that are still being held there. Now the man in charge of the mission, Murdock, tells Rambo that his job is to go in, confirm their presence by taking photographs. Rambo goes in takes the photographs, but also takes one of the prisoners with him. Rambo is then captured. Rambo's going to come after the Vietnamese and Russians, who brutalized him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set around three years after 'First Blood', John Rambo ( Sylvester Stallone ) is working in a labor camp prison somewhere in the USA when he gets a visit from his former commander, Colonel Sam Trautman ( Richard Crenna ). Trautman offers Rambo the chance to be released from prison after being convicted by a military court after the events of the first film and given full clemency, but on condition of taking a mission where he will infiltrate Vietnam to search for American POWs that are still rumored to be held by the Vietnamese. Rambo travels with Trautman to Thailand and meets Marshal Murdock ( Charles Napier ), an American bureaucrat who is in charge of the operation, and his right-hand men who are freelance military contractors Ericson ( Martin Kove ) and Lifer ( Steve Williams ). Murdock tells Rambo that the American public is demanding knowledge about the POWs and they want a trained commando to go in and search for them. Rambo is briefed that he is only to photograph the POWs and not to rescue them, nor is he to engage any enemy soldiers due to the unstable situation between the USA and Vietnam. Rambo reluctantly agrees and he is then told that a CIA informant named Co will be there to receive him in the jungles of Vietnam. Before he leaves on his mission, Rambo tells Trautman that Murdock is lying about his combat experience. Rambo tells Trautman he's the only person he can trust. Rambo parachutes into the Vietnamese jungle, but loses most of his equipment in the process due to the faulty jump and is left only with his knives, his bow, and arrows. Miles from his landing spot, Rambo is met by a woman named Co-Bao ( Julia Nickson ), who introduces herself as his contact (Murdock had incorrectly identified the contact as a man). Co arranges for her and Rambo to go upstream with a group of local river pirates. During the boat ride, Co reveals that she would like to eventually travel to America, while Rambo confides to her that he was chosen for this mission because he is expendable. Rambo is led to a nearby camp commanded by Captain Vinh ( William Ghent ). After dispatching a sentry with a throwing knife, Rambo finds an American, Banks ( Andy Wood ), hanging from a makeshift crucifixion and frees him. Banks warns that several other American POWs are being held there. A patrol discovers the dead sentry, and Vinh's second-in-command, Lieutenant Tay ( George Cheung ), heads out into the jungles in search of the intruder. Rambo, Co, and Banks escape with the pirates, but are attacked by a Vietnamese gunboat and are promptly betrayed by the pirates, who fear the military's reprisals should they not cooperate; Rambo sends Co and Banks to safety and manages to destroy the gunboat with an RPG and kill all the pirates. Rambo radios and calls for extraction. Trautman, Ericson, and Lifer head out in a rescue chopper. However, once it becomes apparent that Rambo has a live POW with him, Murdock radios the chopper, ordering them to scrub the extraction and return to base. When Trautman protests, Lifer pulls a gun on him. Ericson tells him they have their orders (implying that he doesn't like it either), but Trautman denounces them both as "goddamn mercenaries." Rambo and Banks watch helplessly as the helicopter flies off, and are forced to surrender as Tay's squad advances. Co, having escaped, watches from the jungle nearby. Back at the base in Thailand, Trautman angrily confronts Murdock, accusing the whole mission of being a sham, Rambo wasn't supposed to find anything there. He suspects that the whole situation is really about money; the US government refused to pay war reparations to Vietnam, and the Vietnamese apparently kept American POWs for revenge. Murdock tells Trautman that the political situation is far more delicate than he realizes, and he needs to swallow his pride and let this go. Trautman refuses, while also insisting that Murdock should be more worried about Rambo. Rambo's wrists are bound to an oxen yoke and he is lowered naked into a chest-deep, leech-infested cesspool (or possibly a pit dug especially for the purpose of torture). The torture is briefly interrupted by the arrival of Vinh's Soviet Liason officer, Lt. Col. Podovsky ( Steven Berkoff ) and his silent, robust henchman Sergeant Yushin ( Vojislav Govedarica ). Although Podovsky orders Vinh to take Rambo out of the cesspool and clean him up, the POWs believes things are about to get worse for him. Podovsky orders Rambo to contact the American military and tell them that they should not send any more commandos for rescue operations in Vietnam. When Rambo refuses, Yushin tortures him. This yields no results, so they bring in Banks and threaten to kill him. Rambo grudgingly agrees to Podovsky's condition. Meanwhile, Co enters the camp in the guise of a prostitute and comes to the hut in which Rambo is held captive. Rambo uses the radio to contact the US base in Thailand, but instead of relaying Podovsky's message, he uses this opportunity to swear vengeance on Murdock. He uses the mic's base to hit Yushin while Co dispatches another guard with her shotgun. The two then fight their way out of the camp. Once they are a safe distance away, Co tends to Rambo's wounds and begins to implore him to take her to the United States. Rambo agrees and they kiss, however they are then attacked by some Vietnamese soldiers and Co is killed by Tay, whom escapes. Rambo kills the remaining Vietnamese soldiers and then buries Co's body in the jungle. Following his escape, the camp's Soviet and Vietnamese soldiers are sent to look for him. Rambo assembles his weapons, and using guerrilla warfare tactics, is able to kill a large number of enemy troops, including Vinh. He proceeds to a nearby enemy camp and destroys it by pouring gasoline in a nearby reed field and setting it afire and takes out several vehicles with explosive arrows. He comes face-to-face with Tay and kills him with an explosive arrowhead. Yushin appears in a UH-1N Twin Huey and drops a firebomb on Rambo's position. Rambo escapes and hijacks the Huey helicopter after killing Yushin and proceeds towards the POW camp. He destroys most of the camp with the helicopter, then lands and arms himself with the M-60 machine gun that is mounted on the Huey, kills the remaining Vietnamese soldiers, and rescues all the POWs. They get to the helicopter and head towards the American camp in Thailand. Podovsky chases them in his Mi-24 helicopter gunship. Although Rambo's helicopter is heavily damaged by Podovsky's helicopter, he manages to land his helicopter on a river, then plays dead. When Podovsky carelessly approaches the downed Huey, Rambo fires a LAW 66mm rocket at Podovsky's chopper, obliterating it. Rambo then returns to the base and grabs a mounted M60. He kicks Ericson in the crotch and enters Murdock's command center, shooting all of Murdock's hi-tech equipment to shreds. He threatens Murdock with a knife, challenging him to find and rescue the remaining American POWs in Vietnam. As Trautman prepares to leave the camp, Rambo says that he will be staying in Asia in a bid to find himself. Trautman agrees that their government gave them a raw deal, but he asks that Rambo not hate his country for it. Rambo insists that he doesn't, he only wants his country to love its soldiers as much as its soldiers love it. As he leaves, Trautman asks him, "How will you live, John?" To which Rambo replies, "Day by day." The film credits roll as Rambo walks off into the distance while his mentor watches him. 