nm0008813:

 Kickin' It (20112015)431) A once-in-a-generation young karate fighter named Jack joins the Wasabi warriors. Set at the Bobby Wasabi Martial Arts Academy, a strip mall martial arts studio and worst dojo in the under-performing nationwide Bobby Wasabi chain. Revolves around a ragtag crew of lovable misfits who welcome a hotshot skateboarder named Jack who will teach them about life, karate, and how to just plain kick it. Anonymous Rudy is a down-on-his-luck martial arts teacher who is only in teaching of his students, Milton, Jerry, and Eddie. Things begin to turn around for him when he meets Jack, a young, but very good martial artist, who has a connection with famous martial arts movie star, Bobby Wasabi. Jack agrees to help win back the dojo in a tournament against a rival dojo, the Black Dragons. While on many crazy adventures, Jack and the gang stick together with the Bobby Wasabi code, while working with former Black Dragon trainee, Kim Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Run by Sensei Rudy, the Bobby Wasabi Martial Arts Academy is the worst dojo in the nationwide Bobby Wasabi chain and is in danger of closing. But things change when Jack reluctantly joins the dojo and meets his new crew, including tough guy slacker Jerry and confident martial arts expert Kim. The crew teaches a group of neighborhood goofballs about life, karate and how to "kick it." Jack and the gang quickly realize their newfound friendship will take them places they've never imagined and, united, they can become unstoppable. 
 Will & Grace (19982020)Summaries Gay lawyer Will and straight interior designer Grace share a New York City apartment. Their best friends are gleeful and proud gay Jack and charismatic, filthy-rich, amoral socialite Karen. Gay lawyer Will Truman (Eric McCormack) and straight interior designer Grace Adler (Debra Messing) are best friends living in New York City. Grace is engaged to a real jerk until the relationship falls apart and she moves in with Will. It's supposed to be temporary, until Grace finds her own place, but more and more it looks like a permanent arrangement. Grace's secretary and assistant is fun-loving wealthy socialite Karen Walker (Megan Mullally); Jack McFarland (Sean Hayes) is Will's flamboyant gay friend. Mike Hatchett <hatchetts13@webtv.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 How to Train Your Dragon 2 (2014)431) When Hiccup and Toothless discover an ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. It's been five years since Hiccup and Toothless successfully united dragons and vikings on the island of Berk. While Astrid, Snotlout and the rest of the gang are challenging each other to dragon races (the island's new favorite contact sport), the now inseparable pair journey through the skies, charting unmapped territories and exploring new worlds. When one of their adventures leads to the discovery of a secret ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace. Now, Hiccup and Toothless must unite to stand up for what they believe while recognizing that only together do they have the power to change the future of both men and dragons. Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation Five years after Hiccup unified dragons and Vikings, they all face a new enemy - Drago, a man starting a war with dragons to rule the whole world once and for all. While Stoick would rather lock up and stay away from him, Hiccup wants to reason with him like he did with his dad. Traveling away from Berk, Hiccup comes across his long lost mother, who has been riding dragons way before he has. Does Hiccup have what it takes to take on Drago and his army of dragons? James Hake Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a voice-over echoing the one at the beginning of How to Train Your Dragon (2010) , Hiccup (voice: Jay Baruchel ) describes his home, the Viking village of Berk. Five years after the events of the previous film, Berk is a much happier place. Instead of stealing the livestock and destroying buildings, dragons now live amongst the villagers as working animals and companions, and even take part in racing sport. In the opening scene, dragons and their riders compete to catch sheep and dunk them in baskets; everyone in the village who isn't competing seems to be watching the event. The chieftain, Stoick the Vast (voice: Gerard Butler ), wonders where his son Hiccup is but exults when Astrid (voice: America Ferrera ) and her dragon Stormfly win the game, calling Astrid his future daughter-in-law. Hiccup, meanwhile, is exploring with his dragon, Toothless, intent on discovering and mapping new lands. Hiccup tries out a set of leather wings he's rigged that stretch from his extended arms to the sides of his legs and enable him to jump off Toothless's back and fly -- glide, really. They work well, though the landing is rough because Hiccup doesn't watch where he's going. While investigating a wildfire, Hiccup and Astrid discover the remains of a fort encased in a colossal ice formation and encounter a dragon trapper named Eret (voice: Kit Harington ), who blames them for the destruction of his fort. He says the the fort was frozen and destroyed by another dragon rider who he assumes the're in league with. Eret attempts to capture their dragons for an insane conqueror called Drago Bludvist (voice: Djimon Hounsou ). Hiccup and Astrid are mystified; they've never heard of dragon riders except for the ones from Berk. The two riders return to warn Stoick about the dragon army that Drago is amassing. Hiccup has trouble getting Stoick to listen; Stoick wants Hiccup to succeed him as chieftain, but Hiccup, at 20, isn't ready to think about it. Once he grasps what Hiccup is saying, Stoick puts the village in lockdown, ordering the villagers to fortify the island and prepare for battle. Stoick explains he met Drago years before and that he was an unreasonable madman, but Hiccup refuses to believe that war is inevitable. Defying his father, he flies off with Astrid to find Eret's ship and they surrender themselves and their dragons so as to be taken to Drago. Stoick, Gobber (voice: Craig Ferguson ), and Berk's other dragon riders pursue and find them, but Hiccup and Toothless fly off again. They are captured by a skilled dragon rider named Valka (voice: Cate Blanchett ), who recognizes Hiccup. She reveals that she's his long-lost mother; she was taken by a dragon when Hiccup was a baby and was thought to be dead. She explains that she had tried to convince Stoick and the rest of Berk that they could learn to coexist with dragons. One night during an attack, a dragon got into her house and she rushed to save the infant Hiccup, but found the dragon, Cloudjumper, making googly eyes at the delighted baby. Though she had come armed and was fully prepared to put aside her ideas about the gentleness of dragons to defend her son, she couldn't bring herself to attack Cloudjumper, who instead carried her off. Valka spent the next twenty years rescuing dragons from Drago's traps and bringing them to an island haven created out of ice by a colossal Alpha dragon called a Bewilderbeast, to whom all dragons answer. Valka is eager to share what she's learned with Hiccup; she shows him and Toothless how to deploy a double row of small fins on Toothless's back that enable him to make tighter turns. Later, when Hiccup shows her the map he's been working on, adding new lands as he discovers them, she draws him a larger map in the snow. Stoick and Gobber track Hiccup to Valka's island, where Stoick discovers that his wife is still alive. They have a joyful reunion. Astrid and the other riders kidnap Eret so as to find Drago, but they are also captured and Drago thus learns of Berk's dragons. Ruffnut (voice: Kristen Wiig ), a classmate of Hiccup and Astrid's from the previous film's dragon-fighting school, has a crush on Eret and pursues him doggedly, to the chagrin of Snotlout (voice: Jonah Hill ) and Fishlegs (voice: Christopher Mintz-Plasse ), who are both sweet on Ruffnut. Drago and his army lay siege to Valka's sanctuary, where he reveals that he has his own Bewilderbeast to challenge the Alpha. A titanic battle ensues between the two Bewilderbeasts in a fight for control over all dragons on the island. Drago's Bewilderbeast emerges victorious and seizes control of all the dragons, including Toothless. Hiccup tries to persuade Drago to end the violence, but Drago orders him killed as well. Toothless, under the influence of the new Alpha, approaches Hiccup and fires a plasma blast. At the last instant, Stoick pushes Hiccup out of the way. He's hit instead and killed instantly. Drago leaves Hiccup to his fate and, riding Toothless, leads his now larger army to destroy Berk. Stoick is given a ship burial and Hiccup, now chief and filled with regret at the loss of his father, decides that he will fly back to Berk to defend his people and live up to his father's legacy. The dragon riders ride baby dragons, which are immune to the Bewilderbeast's control, and arrive at Berk after the Alpha had already attacked the village and taken control of the dragons there. Hiccup confronts Drago and a brainwashed Toothless while the other riders work to distract the Bewilderbeast. Drago again orders Toothless to kill Hiccup, but Hiccup succeeds in disenchanting Toothless. Drago then orders the Alpha to shoot the pair, and the Bewilderbeast successfully encases them in a large blast of ice, seemingly killing them. His victory is short-lived however, as Toothless, now glowing with blue plasma, blasts away the ice, revealing that both he and Hiccup are unharmed. Toothless challenges the Alpha and repeatedly fires plasma blasts at the Bewilderbeast. At this, the other dragons are freed from the Bewilderbeast's control and all fire at it, severely injuring the colossal dragon until Toothless fires a final massive blast, breaking its left tusk. Defeated, Drago and his Bewilderbeast retreat into the ocean as the villagers celebrate their victory. All the dragons acknowledge Toothless as the new Alpha dragon, and Hiccup is recognized as chief of Berk by the village elder, who draws a symbol on his forehead. The film ends with Berk being rebuilt with a statue of Stoick standing guard just offshore, and Hiccup doing his duties as chief, proudly declaring that while others may have armies and armadas, Berk has its own dragons. 
 Oscar's Hotel for Fantastical Creatures (2015)Summaries When the owner of Oscar's Hotel leaves on important business, he entrusts the establishment and its gallery of monstrous residents to his nephew Oliver, resulting in more than a little bit of chaos. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 