nm0000524:

 Benny & Joon (1993)Summaries A mentally ill young woman finds her love in an eccentric man who models himself after Buster Keaton. In Spokane, Washington, Juniper Pearl - Joon to those that know her - is an artist. She is also a mentally challenged young woman who requires around the clock care, as she could cause harm to herself or others. Her brother Benny Pearl, who owns and operates a garage and who is her only living relative since their parents died twelve years ago in a car accident, has made the decision that she would live at home with him, in the process sacrificing being able to have a personal life of his own. He has hired full-time housekeepers to provide that care when he isn't around. However, he has exhausted the list of housekeepers, who keep quitting because Joon is too much to handle. As such, Benny makes the decision that perhaps it would be best for all concerned if Joon were to live in a group home, something he is hesitating telling her for fear of her reaction. Into their lives comes Sam, the eccentric cousin of Benny's friend Mike, who they obtained from Mike in a losing hand of poker. Among his eccentricities, Sam has a penchant for bursting into Buster Keaton esque physical comedy routines. As Sam ultimately makes a connection with both Benny and Joon, he becomes a complicating factor in their lives as Benny evaluates Sam's fitness to handle both the good and bad of Joon. Huggo In a small town, an auto mechanic named Benny is devoted to taking care of his mentally ill sister, Joon, who can barely function alone in the real world despite being a talented artist. This relatively stable situation is shaken up when Benny is obliged in a poker game to welcome another player's relative, Sam, to his home for a few days. When Sam arrives, he quickly makes an impression with his quietly eccentric ways which emulate the antics of the great silent movie comedian, Buster Keaton. Without Benny's full knowledge, Sam and Joon find themselves drawn to each other to the fullest degree. However when Benny finds out, it creates a rift in the siblings as they struggle to accept their relationship is profoundly changing with the presence of this odd newcomer. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Stepford Wives (1975)541) Joanna Eberhart has come to the quaint little town of Stepford, Connecticut with her family, but soon discovers there lies a sinister truth in the all too perfect behavior of the female residents. The Stepford Wives is about a small suburb where the women happily go about their housework - cleaning, doing laundry, and cooking gourmet meals - to please their husbands. Unfortunately, Bobbie and Joanna discover that the village's wives have been replaced with robots, and Joanna's husband wants in on the action. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> The urban aspirant photographer Joanna Eberhart ( Katharine Ross ) moves from Manhattan to Stepford, Connecticut, with her family. Her husband Walter Eberhart ( Peter Masterson ) decided to live in a calm suburb, but Joanna does not like the neighborhood with beautiful and perfect housewives. She becomes friends with Bobbie Markowe ( Paula Prentiss ) and Charmaine Wimperis ( Tina Louise ), and when they change their behaviors and viewpoints, Joanna discloses a dark secret in the place: the women are being replaced by robots. Joanna tries to escape with her children to a safer place. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Joanna and Walter are the two newest residents in Stepford. Joanna, although a "housewife," is intelligent and creative - taking an interest in photography: she wants to be "remembered". Like many of the men in Stepford, Walter is an obviously inadequate husband. Conflict occurs when Joanna complains that Walter is making all of the decisions for them. Walter joins the mysterious Stepford "Men's Club", which takes place in an old manor house, which is heavily guarded. Joanna is disturbed that many of the Stepford wives spend their lives in domestic servitude, are unintelligent and wear flowery print dresses. Her friend Bobbie thinks that it might be due to something in the water. At a consciousness-raising group that Joanna starts, the wives begin discussing spray starch and cleaning products. The awful truth is that the men of Stepford are replacing their wives with compliant domestic sex robots. Gradually, Joanna begins to realize that all of her friends have been replaced, and that she is in great danger. Her psychiatrist advises that she take the kids and get "the hell out of Stepford", but the men are hiding Joanna's children. Can she find them, or will she be murdered and replaced by RoboJoanna? Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joanna Eberhart (Katharine Ross) is a young wife who moves with her husband Walter (Peter Masterson) and two children from New York City to the idyllic Connecticut suburb of Stepford. Loneliness quickly sets in as Joanna, a mildly rebellious aspiring photographer, finds the women in town all look great and are obsessed with housework, but have few intellectual interests. The men all belong to the clubbish Stepford Men's Association, which Walter joins to Joanna's dismay. Neighbor Carol Van Sant's (Nanette Newman) sexually submissive behavior to her husband Ted, and her odd, repetitive behavior after a car accident also strike Joanna as unusual. Things start to look up when she makes friends with another newcomer to town, sloppy, irrepressible Bobbie Markowe (Paula Prentiss). Along with glossy trophy wife Charmaine Wimperis (Tina Louise), they organize a Women's Lib consciousness raising session, but the meeting is a failure when the other wives hijack the meeting with cleaning concerns. Joanna is also unimpressed by the boorish Men's Club members, including intimidating president Dale "Dis" Coba (Patrick O'Neal); stealthily, they collect information on Joanna including her picture, her voice, and other personal details. When Charmaine turns overnight from a languid, self-concerned tennis fan into an industrious, devoted wife, Joanna and Bobbie start investigating, with ever-increasing concern, the reason behind the submissive and bland behavior of the other wives, especially when they learn they were once quite supportive of liberal social policies. Spooked, Bobbie and Joanna start house hunting in other towns, and later, Joanna wins a prestigious contract with a photo gallery with some photographs of their respective children. When she excitedly tells Bobbie her good news, Joanna is shocked to find her freewheeling and liberal friend has abruptly changed into another clean, conservative housewife, with no intention of moving from town. Joanna panics and at the insistence of Walter, visits a psychiatrist where she voices her belief that all the men in the town are behind a conspiracy of somehow changing the women. The psychiatrist recommends she leave town until she feels safe, but when Joanna returns home, the children are missing. The marriage devolves into domestic violence when Joanna and Walter get in to a physical scuffle. In an attempt to find her children, she hypothesizes Bobbie may be caring for them. Joanna, still mystified by Bobbie's behavior, is desperate to prove her humanity but intuitively stabs Bobbie with a kitchen knife. But Bobbie doesn't bleed or suffer, instead going into a loop of odd mechanical behavior, thus revealing she is a robot. Despite feeling she may be the next victim, Joanna sneaks into the mansion which houses the Men's Association to find her children. There, she finds the mastermind of the whole operation, Dale "Dis" Coba, and eventually her own robot-duplicate. Joanna is shocked into paralysis when she witnesses its soulless, black, empty eyes. It is then suggested that the Joanna-duplicate strangles the real Joanna. In the final scene, the duplicate is seen placidly purchasing groceries at the local supermarket, along with the other "wives" all wearing similar long dresses, large hats and saying little more than hello to each other. The final shot focuses on Joanna's now-finished eyes. 
 Some Kind of Wonderful (1987)Summaries When Keith goes out with Amanda, the girl of his dreams, Amanda's ex-boyfriend plans to get back at Keith. Meanwhile, Keith's best friend, tomboy Watts, realizes she has feelings for Keith. A young tomboy, Watts, finds her feelings for her best friend, Keith, run deeper than just friendship when he gets a date with the most popular girl in school. Unfortunately, the girl's old boyfriend, who is from the rich section of town, is unable to let go of her, and plans to get back at Keith. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> The teenager Keith is a high-school student and mechanic that lives with his working class family. His father's ambition is that Keith goes to college but it's not his priority since he loves Arts. His best friend is the tomboy Watts and the girl of his dreams is the popular Amanda. When she breaks up with his wealthy boyfriend Hardy Jenns, Keith invites Amanda to date and she accepts to get even of Hardy. But the rich boy plans a scheme to humiliate the couple with his friends. Meanwhile Watts discovers her true feelings for Keith. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fried Green Tomatoes (1991)431) A housewife who is unhappy with her life befriends an old lady in a nursing home and is enthralled by the tales she tells of people she used to know. Evelyn Couch is having trouble in her marriage, and no one seems to take her seriously. While in a nursing home visiting relatives, she meets Ninny Threadgoode, an outgoing old woman, who tells her the story of Idgie Threadgoode, a young woman in 1920's Alabama. Through Idgie's inspiring life, Evelyn learns to be more assertive and builds a lasting friendship of her own with Ninny. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Fried Green Tomatoes is a 1991 film directed by Jon Avnet. In this directorial bebut, Avnet cast four women to play the lead roles. Kathy Bates as Evelyn Couch, an unhappy housewife depressed with her life; Mary Stuart Masterson as Imogene Louise (Idgie) Threadgoode, the local tomboy who swears, smokes, drinks, gambles and never goes to church; Mary-Louise Parker as straight-laced Ruth Anne Jamison of Valdosta, Georgia. A preacher's daughter and only child in charge of the BYO activities and the young people at the church. And Idgie herself! And Jessica Tandy as Virginia (Ninny) Threadgoode, sister-in-law to Idgie. Idgie and Ruth lived back in the 1920's and 1930's in Whistle Stop, Alabama. Ninny did as well, and regales the two women's adventures to Evelyn, who takes these stories as inspiration for her own life. Fried Green Tomatoes is based off of the book "Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe" by Fannie Flagg. The book was released in 1987. In Britain, the movie has the exact same title as the book. Note: There are very few differences between book and movie for whom it may concern. Rachel Burkert Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evelyn Couch is a middle-aged woman in her 40's, trying to find purpose in her life, while also struggling to find a way to save her marriage to her husband Ed. One day, the couple go to a nursing home in Alabama to visit Ed's Aunt Vesta. However, she angrily rebukes Evelyn, who wanders around the home, and encounters a woman named Ninny Threadgoode. Ninny claims she's visiting an acquaintance named Mrs Otis, and staying at the home with her, until her friend gets settled. Ninny then begins to speak of a family member named Idgie Threadgoode, the youngest child of the family she married into. Ninny tells about Idgie being the youngest and somewhat problematic of the Threadgoodes, but who could often be quelled by her older brother Buddy. One person whom Buddy has his eyes on, is Ruth Jamison, a friend of the family. However, tragedy strikes when on the wedding day of Idgie's older sister Leona, Buddy goes chasing after Ruth's hat that has been blown away. He catches it but gets his foot stuck in the nearby railroad tracks, and is unable to get away before he is killed by a train coming down the tracks. The death of Buddy pushes Idgie further away from those around her, and it is only the family's African-American friend Big George that she allows near. Following her first encounter with Ninny, Evelyn and Ed return during Halloween, and Evelyn encounters Ninny again, claiming she's visiting her friend Mrs Otis again. As Evelyn offers her some food, Ninny claims how she could go for some fried green tomatoes, like the kind that Idgie and Ruth made at the Whistle Stop Cafe, which leads her back to talking about Idgie. Years have passed since Buddy's death, but Idgie hasn't changed much, except for being aloof and causing a little ruckus here and there. This leads to Idgie's mother requesting Ruth Jamison stay with the family over the summer, while she helps at the church. Ruth tries to bring some order to Idgie's way of life, but Idgie soon ends up leading the straight-laced young woman on some wild shenanigans. From a place called The River Club, to throwing food from a train to hobos. Ruth is even surprised when Idgie procures her a fresh honeycomb from a beehive, proclaiming Idgie to be "a bee charmer." As the summer winds down, the two have grown closer, and Idgie throws Ruth a surprise birthday party down at The River Club, where they play poker, baseball, and share a quiet moment together. However, Idgie gets somewhat quiet when Ruth claims that when she goes home to Georgia after the summer, she's getting married to Frank Bennett. Though she is invited to the wedding, Idgie doesn't show, but watches from afar as Ruth and her husband move into their new home. Following her meeting with Ninny, Evelyn continues to go to a class to save her marriage, but she is also frustrated by her husband's lack of wanting to do anything. Eventually, Ed's Aunt Vesta doesn't want them visiting anymore, but Evelyn returns to the home to see Ninny around Christmas. Ninny then continues the story, telling how Idgie eventually returned to Ruth's house to see her...only to find that Frank had been abusing her. Idgie wants to fight Frank, but Ruth requests that Idgie leave. Eventually, Idgie and her family receive word that Frank's mother has died, and Idgie, her brother Julian, and Big George accompany her to Georgia to liberate Ruth. Idgie soon learns her friend is pregnant, but they are unable to make a quick getaway before Pete shows up, and tries to stop them. The group manages to get Ruth out, but not before Idgie tells Frank that she'll kill him if he touches Ruth again. As they ride off, Idgie triumphantly shouts: "Towanda!" Following this meeting, Evelyn suffers a drop in self-esteem when she is called a "fat cow" by a young man. Seeking solace from Ninny, Evelyn admits that she has an eating problem, and just feels confused and on edge. Ninny claims she's just going through "the change," and recommends Evelyn take steps to change her life around. Talk then returns to Idgie, who is overjoyed when Ruth has her baby, whom she names Buddy Jr. The two women then open The Whistle Stop Cafe, serving patrons inside, and African-American people as well, a practice that they are quietly criticized for by the local Sheriff, Grady Kilgore. Ruth even bestows some extra kindness on an old hobo named Smokey Lonesome, and the quiet man takes a shine to her. Unknown to Ruth, Frank has been quietly staking out where she lives. One evening, he enters Ruth's house to see his son. Though he fends off Ruth and their friend Sipsey's attacks, Frank leaves with the promise to return. Meanwhile, Grady and Idgie are having a conversation at the Whistle Stop, when a bullet is fired through the window, and Idgie sees that a KKK group is outside, whipping Big George. The group eventually leaves and Idgie tends to George, but Grady is fairly certain the Klansmen they encountered are not local. It soon turns out the men Idgie and George encountered were meant as a distraction, when Ruth and Sipsey tell about their encounter with Frank. Ninny then goes on to say that Frank did return later on one evening, during a production of the Town Follies show that Idgie and Grady performed in. However, during a lull in the performance, Big George demands Idgie come quickly. The story then cuts to some time after that night, when Grady brings by Sheriff Curtis Smoote, who has come from Georgia after Frank Bennett has been reported missing. Ruth tries to tempt Smoote with some pie, but he settles for some barbecue (of which he consumes quite a bit). Smoote claims that Idgie is a prime suspect, given a hired man of Frank's heard her threaten to kill him, but with no proof, the Sheriff just makes idle threats and leaves. After the encounter, Ruth is suspicious of Idgie, given her friend won't tell where she was on the night she left the Town Follies. Idgie simply promises Ruth that her former husband won't be bothering her anymore. After the story, Evelyn begins to change her ways. When some teenagers steal a parking space, she yells out "Towanda," and blatantly smashes into their car. She also begins to exercise and eat healthier, and is in much better spirits when next she meets with Ninny. Ninny then continues the story. Shortly after Frank disappeared, so too did Smokey Lonesome, but five years later, he returned to the Whistle Stop. However, Smokey hasn't been long in town before Buddy Jr is injured while playing around the railroad tracks. Luckily, unlike his namesake who perished by a train, Buddy Jr just loses his left arm (which they hold a funeral for). Shortly afterwards, heavy rains flood the town, and in the nearby river, Frank Bennett's truck is found. Sheriff Smoote isn't far behind, and has Grady arrest Idgie and Big George for murder. Grady does offer Idgie the chance to leave town and have George take the blame, but she refuses. The two are eventually taken to Georgia and put on trial. The case takes a major turn when the Reverend Herbert Scroggins, claims that Idgie and Big George were at the Baptist Revival for 3 days, providing them with an alibi. Upon hearing this information, the judge dismisses the case. Unknown to many there, the Reverend lied (thanks to some promises by Ruth that Idgie would attend church). Back in the present day, Evelyn begins to tear down a wall in the house, leading to her having a conversation with her husband about her feelings towards him, and how she's been trying to save their marriage. When next Evelyn returns to the nursing home, she meets Mrs Otis' daughter-in-law, Sue. Sue also explains that unknown to Ninny, her house has been condemned and was torn down. Evelyn hides this from Ninny when she meets her, throwing her a little Birthday Party, and giving her some fried green tomatoes she made herself. Ninny then recalls how after the trial, it was found out that Ruth had cancer. Idgie moved her to the family home and Sipsey watched over Ruth as she grew weaker. Ruth requests Idgie watch over Buddy Jr, and in her final moments, asks her friend to tell her a story. Idgie gives in, and tells a story that Buddy had told them long ago, about ducks that froze in a lake, and carried it away. Sometime afterward back in the present day, Ed finds Evelyn rebuilding the wall she knocked down. Bringing her flowers, he apologizes for his attitude, but balks when Evelyn claims she wants to bring Ninny to live with them. Despite Ed's misgivings, Evelyn is determined and goes to the nursing home. However, she finds a nurse in Ninny's room taking stuff down, saying the occupant of the room died. Evelyn nearly freaks out, until she learns that it was Mrs Otis who died. As Ninny was just staying for Mrs Otis, she packed her things and went home. Remembering what Mrs Otis' daughter-in-law told her, Evelyn drives to Ninny's place, and finds the old woman heartbroken that her home has been torn down. Evelyn cheers the old woman up, telling how she has helped her turn her life around, and is willing to let her stay with her and Ed. It is then that Ninny reveals that Mrs Otis was Sipsey's baby sister, and Ninny then tells Evelyn what happened on the night that Frank Bennett disappeared. Frank had come back to town to take back his son, but was confronted by Smokey Lonesome. However, it was Sipsy who knocked Frank over the head with a frying pan, killing him just as Big George and Idgie come upon the scene. Idgie and the group hold a small meeting that night to decide what to do. Even with a claim of self-defense and Smokey as a witness, the group figures a jury would never believe Sipsey. To protect her, Smokey leaves town, and George cuts up the body under the guise of preparing meat for a barbecue...the same barbecue that Sheriff Smoote ate four plates of when he came around looking for Frank! Evelyn can't quite believe the story, but as she and Ninny walk past a small cemetery, they find Ruth's gravestone, and a fresh honeycomb in a jar with a note next to it...from Idgie. Ninny claims she's still around, and the two women head back to Evelyn's car. In a closing narration, Ninny tells that after Ruth died and the train stopped coming through town, the Whistle Stop Cafe closed, and much of the area followed soon after. She remarks how the little place brought so many people together. 