nm0004395:

 Friends with Kids (2011)321) Two best friends decide to have a child together while keeping their relationship platonic, so they can avoid the toll kids can take on romantic relationships. Julie and Jason have been best friends for years with no romantic interest in each other. He sleeps with someone new every few days, and she's looking for Mr. Right. Now in their thirties, they notice that their friends seem to lose all their good qualities when they have children - child rearing and the spark of Eros don't seem to co-exist. So, they decide to have a child together, share in child rearing, but pursue their own romantic lives. Things go well until he meets Mary Jane and she meets Kurt. Both seem like perfect mates. What could go wrong? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Six friends are enjoying life without responsibilities, until married couple Leslie and Alex fall pregnant. This is quickly followed by Ben and Missy's pregnancy. Life changes, as it becomes harder for the friends to meet up. The remaining two friends, Jason and Julie, have been best friends for years and live in the same New York apartment building. Following their friends route into parenting, they begin to question whether they too would like to have kids. They decide on a plan to have a baby together and carry-on with their platonic relationship. They share the childcare and they each begin a new relationship with other people. The plan appears to be going very well. Life as parents becomes increasingly difficult for the once passionate Ben and Missy, as they have become distant and resentful of each other. An honest dinner conversation, between all the friends, on a ski trip brings everything to the surface. On returning home, they decide to separate. Meanwhile, after some kind words from Jason about her at the dinner table, Julie comes to realize that she harbors feelings for Jason. She later admits these feelings to him during dinner in a restaurant. He rejects her, as he is in love with his current girlfriend and doesn't see Julie in this way. She moves out of their apartment to Brooklyn and they continue to share custody of their child. Later, his relationship ends because they have different views about children - she doesn't want to have any. Jason then realizes that he has feelings for Julie. He goes to her Brooklyn apartment and and confesses his feelings. She is scepitcal at first but he manages to convince her. 
 The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (2013)651) When both he and a colleague are about to lose their job, Walter takes action by embarking on an adventure more extraordinary than anything he could have ever imagined. The manager of the negative assets sector of Life magazine, Walter Mitty, has been working for sixteen years for the magazine and has a tedious life, not going anywhere but from his home to his job and vice-versa. He is an escapist, daydreaming into a world of fantasy many times a day. Walter has a crush on the recently hired Cheryl Melhoff but he is too shy to invite her on a date and he is trying to contact her via online dating. The magazine is preparing to release its last printed edition and the loathsome manager of transition Ted Hendricks is preparing an inevitable downsizing over the next few days. Walter has been the liaison between the magazine and the mysterious independent photographer Sean O'Connell who has sent to him a package of negatives and a wallet as a gift for his work. Sean also suggests to the senior management the use of negative 25 for the cover of the last edition. However, Walter cannot find the negative that is missing. Walter has no means to contact Sean and finds a clue that he might be in Greenland. He decides to travel to Greenland to track Sean down in the beginning of an unbelievable adventure. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In this comedic adaptation of James Thurber's short story, Ben Stiller stars as Walter, a milquetoast proofreader for a magazine publishing firm. Walter is constitutionally incapable of standing up for himself, so he retreats into his fantasy world, where he is heroic, poised, self-assured, and the master of his fate.. All good things must come to an end, and, sadly--as the popular American magazine, Life, ceases publication to focus exclusively on the online market--suddenly, the quiet daydreamer and the organisation's negative asset manager, Walter Mitty, faces unemployment. To make matters worse, for the final print issue's cover image, the famed globe-trotting photographer, Sean O'Connell, entrusts Mitty with the epitome of his life's work captured in a single frame that is, however, nowhere to be found. As a result, the mousy and utterly unadventurous Walter must step out of his comfort zone to venture into the unknown at the edge of the world, trying to save what's left of his reputation; nevertheless, is he prepared to live up to the company's inspiring motto? Above all, life is a gift. What was captured inside Sean's quintessential but missing photograph? Nick Riganas Unhappy with the dull and lonely direction his life has taken him, the socially-awkward Walter Mitty (Ben Stiller) has a chance to change that when he's tasked with finding a missing photo that could save his company from being downsized. In a wild and unexpected turn of events, Walter's adventure takes him to all corners of the world as he attempts to track down the mysterious and elusive photographer who took the photo. geometrydashbroham Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Walter Mitty is a negative assets manager at 'Life' magazine who daydreams of adventures to get away out of the tedium of his boring job. Mitty also has a crush on a co-worker named Cheryl, but never has the nerve to tell her his feelings towards her. Mitty works with photojournalist Sean O'Connell, whose images are highly regarded. O'Connell has sent Mitty his latest negatives and a wallet as a gift in appreciation of Mitty's work. O'Connell believes negative #25 captures the "quintessence" of Life and that it should be used for the cover of the magazine's final print issue as it converts to online status. The negative is missing, however, and Walter is forced to stall for time with corporate transition manager Ted Hendricks, who is handling the downsizing. While viewing the other negatives outside Life's offices, Cheryl approaches Mitty and suggests that he think of the negatives as clues to Sean's location. They look at three of them, including one of a person's thumb with a unique ring on it, and another of a curved piece of wood. A third picture of a boat leads Mitty to determine that O'Connell is in Greenland. Mitty promptly flies there to find him. After arriving in the Greenland capital city of Nuuk, Mitty meets with a local bartender who explains that O'Connell left on a ship. To find him, Mitty would need to go on the postal helicopter that delivers mail to the various towns and outposts along the coast, and the pilot is drunk. Mitty recognizes the pilot's thumb with the unique ring and realizes he is on the right track. He at first declines to fly with the intoxicated pilot, but imagines Cheryl singing "Space Oddity", gains a new confidence and boards the helicopter. Nearing the ship, Mitty learns the helicopter cannot land upon it. Misunderstanding the pilot, instead of jumping into a dinghy boat nearing to catch him, Mitty aims for the main vessel and misses and falls in the ocean. He splashes down into ice-cold, shark-infested waters, losing a box of ship-to-shore radio components before being brought aboard. Mitty learns that O'Connell departed the ship earlier. The crew offers him some clementine cake O'Connell left behind; Mitty discovers O'Connell's destinations in the wrapping paper. The itinerary directs Mitty to Iceland, where O'Connell is photographing the volcano Eyjafjallajkull, and he arrives at the local village of Skgar near the volcano using a longboard, and notices O'Connell on the plane flying near the volcano. An eruption forces Mitty to flee, and as there is nothing left for him to do, he obeys a text message recalling him to New York. For failing to recover the negative, his first failure in a long career with the magazine, Mitty is fired by Hendricks. He learns that Cheryl, who was let go earlier, seems to have reconciled with her estranged husband. Mitty returns home discouraged and visits his mother, throwing away the wallet he received from O'Connell. To his surprise, Mitty recognizes the curve of the piano in his mother's house while looking at the last photograph. When asked, Mitty's mom mentions having met O'Connell. She had told Mitty before but he was daydreaming and failed to hear her. Mitty discovers O'Connell is in the Himalayas, and finds him photographing a rare snow leopard. When asked about the negative, O'Connell explains that the message on the gift wrapping to "look inside" was literal; the negative was in the wallet. Unfortunately, Mitty had interpreted this message as a direction to look inside the tissue paper in the box containing the wallet, and it could also be interpreted as referring to the inscription stamped into the leather inside the wallet. When pressed to reveal the image on the negative, O'Connell dismisses the question and joins in a high-altitude football game with some locals. Mitty flies to Los Angeles but is detained by airport security during a misunderstanding (mainly stemming from his having traveled through Yemen to Afghanistan). Mitty calls the only person he knows in Los Angeles: Todd Maher, a representative at eHarmony who has kept in contact during Mitty's adventures. While helping his mother sell her piano, Mitty recounts his story but mentions he does not have the wallet anymore. His mother says she always keeps his knickknacks and gives him the wallet that she retrieved from the trash. Finding inside the wallet a small manila envelope the size of a single-frame 35mm negative, an emboldened Mitty delivers it to Life magazine, tells management that it was the photograph O'Connell wanted for the final issue, and berates Hendricks for disrespecting the staff that made the magazine so honored before walking away from the office, humiliating him in front of his recently hired staff. Mitty reunites with Cheryl, emboldens himself enough to tell her outright that he has been thinking about and inspired by her, and learns that Cheryl's ex-husband was only at her house to repair the refrigerator. Mitty tells Cheryl of his adventures and admits that he still does not know what negative #25 shows. Mitty and Cheryl see the final issue of Life at a newsstand, with its cover dedicated to the staff. It is accompanied by the photograph from negative #25, showing Mitty sitting outside of the Life building, examining a contact sheet. Mitty and Cheryl continue their walk down the street holding hands. 
 Step Brothers (2008)431) Two aimless middle-aged losers still living at home are forced against their will to become roommates when their parents marry. Brennan Huff and Dale Doback are both about 40 when Brennan's mom and Dale's dad marry. The sons still live with the parents so they must now share a room. Initial antipathy threatens the household's peace and the parents' relationship. Dad lays down the law: both slackers have a month to find a job. Out of the job search and their love of music comes a pact that leads to friendship but more domestic disarray compounded by the boys' sleepwalking. Hovering nearby are Brennan's successful brother and his lonely wife: the brother wants to help sell his step-father's house, the wife wants Dale's attention, and the newlyweds want to retire and sail the seven seas. Can harmony come from the discord? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Two unemployed, 39 year old Los Angeles area slackers - Brennen Huff and Dale Doback - are brought together when Brennen's mom falls for and marries Dale's dad. As the two get used to living together, tensions between Brennen and Dale grow incredibly intense. However, at family gatherings, Brennen is always overshadowed by his wealthy, successful, and obnoxious brother Derek - who drives a luxury car, has a beautiful (but lonely) wife and two kids. As Brennan and Dale both quickly learn they share the same hatred for Derek, they quickly find out they both have more in common than once thought. They soon decide that they both have the ultimate business idea, combine Brennan's singing abilities with Dale's drumming abilities to form a rock and roll karaoke company. However, Dale's father's dream of sailing around the world hinders their plans, along with a series of incidents that constantly shoot themselves in the foot. Can they pull it off without driving each other completely crazy? halo1k Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Brennan Huff (Ferrell) is a sporadically employed thirty-nine-year-old loser who lives with his mother, Nancy (Mary Steenburgen). Dale Doback (Reilly) is a terminally unemployed forty-year-old who lives with his father, Robert (Richard Jenkins). When Robert and Nancy get married and move in together, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. They immediately don't like each other. Dale warns Brennan not to touch his drum set or else (Brennan feels tempted to do this). Soon after, Brennan finally plays on Dale's drum set and leaves the room before he can return. Dale enters the room and notices a chip on one of his drumsticks and confronts Brennan about it. Brennan denies this and a fight breaks out between the two after Brennan vows and makes good on his promise to "rub my nutsack on your drumset". The fight ends as Dale and Brennan strike each other at the same time with a bat and a golf club. The parents declare that the irresponsible men should find jobs or else they're out of the house. Later on, Brennan's very successful but mean brother Derek (Adam Scott) comes to visit with his family. As Brennan and Dale hide in Dale's tree house, Derek comes to mock Brennan and Dale. Angered by Derek, Dale punches Derek in the face. Brennan is in awe that Dale did something to Derek that he always wanted to do. After this occurred, Derek's long-suffering wife Alice (Kathryn Hahn) finds it arousing that Dale punched Derek, becoming infatuated with him. Both men eventually realize that they have a lot in common, and become best friends. They take job interviews at which they perform quite poorly. Walking home, Brennan and Dale decide to start their own company called "Prestige Worldwide" and encounter kids that beat up Dale on a regular basis. The kids beat up Dale and Brennan and force them to lick dog feces. At home, the parents reveal that Derek is selling the house. Dale and Brennan sabotage Derek's plans by dressing as bad neighbors (a Klansman and a nazi respectively) and pretending Brennan had died in front of the buyers. Soon they create a music video to promote their singing talents being shot on Robert's boat and show it to the parents, Derek, and others at Derek's birthday party. The video reveals that the boat was crashed into rocks and Robert punishes them. During Christmas time, the boys sleepwalk and attack Robert after he wakes them up. Angered by this, Robert forces himself to divorce Nancy and put all the blame on them. Dale and Brennan blame each other for the divorce and go back to hating each other. They go their separate ways as they both get apartments. Brennan starts working for Derek and Dale becomes a caterer. At a sales party for helicopters, the Catalina Wine Mixer (arranged by Brennan), the family meets again just as the band quits due to a heckler. Robert realizes that the boys are miserable and tells them to be themselves again and go for their dream. Brennan and Dale go on stage as Prestige Worldwide and with Brennan's singing, the parents and Derek have a change of character. Robert and Nancy fall in love again, Derek regains the love for his brother and Dale breaks off his relationship with Alice by acknowledging that she needs to be there for her husband and children. Since this, Dale and Brennan have become a successful karaoke duo, Derek is learning how to become less egotistical, and Robert and Nancy get married again and move back into the house with a new tree house made from the destroyed boat just for Dale and Brennan. During the end credits Brennan and Dale arrive in a helicopter and exact their revenge on the kids by beating them up. 
 The Disaster Artist (2017)761) When Greg Sestero , an aspiring film actor, meets the weird and mysterious Tommy Wiseau in an acting class, they form a unique friendship and travel to Hollywood to make their dreams come true. Aspiring actor Greg Sestero befriends the eccentric Tommy Wiseau. The two travel to L.A, and when Hollywood rejects them, Tommy decides to write, direct, produce and star in their own movie. That movie is The Room, which has attained cult status as the "Citizen Kane" of bad movies. rorybobglynn In the 1990s, Greg Sestero is an aspiring actor, who meets the strange Tommy Wiseau in an acting class. Together, Tommy inspires Greg to overcome his nervousness in acting so well that Greg agrees to come to Los Angeles with his odd new friend to pursue their dreams. However, their dreams seem to prove hopeless, especially for Tommy whose mysteriously strange accent and personality repels nearly all around him. Out of an inadvertent suggestion from Greg, Tommy is inspired to instead create his own movie, The Room (2003) . What follows is a bizarre struggle to create that film, guided by Tommy, a man who has plenty of money, but not a trace of filmmaking education, experience, talent or even common sense. Along the way, Greg's friendship with Tommy is put to the test as this project takes shape that would produce a film that ultimately becomes a bizarre accomplishment of a cult classic nature that no one, including Tommy, can see coming. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Waiting for his big break in late-1990s California, the young hopeful actor, Greg Sestero , is thrilled to unexpectedly discover his soulmate, the eccentric and rather cryptic amateur performer, Tommy Wiseau , in his acting class. With dreams of making it big in Hollywood, the aspiring big movie stars move to sunny Los Angeles, only to realise--one disastrous audition after another--that the world isn't quite ready for their great talent yet. Eventually, in one of those spur-of-the-moment decisions and burning with desire to prove everyone wrong, Tommy and Greg will venture into the uncharted waters of filmmaking to make their own movie; however, they are clearly way out of their element. The final result of their combined efforts is The Room (2003) , a monument of courage, perseverance, and above all, passion. Nick Riganas San Francisco, 1998. Aspiring actor Greg Sestero meets Tommy Wiseau in an acting class. Wiseau is off-the-scale weird and hopelessly untalented as an actor but has a stupendous amount of self-confidence. Sestero and Wiseau form a friendship and move to Los Angeles to pursue their dream of making it big in Hollywood. After landing no roles, they decide to make their own movie. Produced, directed and written by Wiseau and with him in the lead role, the resulting movie is regarded as one of the worst movies ever made, if not THE worst - The Room. grantss San Francisco, 1998: 19-year-old Greg Sestero meets Tommy Wiseau in acting classes with Jean Shelton. Shelton criticizes Tommy's protracted and bizarre performance of a scene from A Streetcar Named Desire, but Greg is impressed by Tommy's fearlessness and the two become friends. On Tommy's suggestion, they move to Los Angeles to pursue acting careers. Sestero discovers that Wiseau can afford apartments in both San Francisco and Los Angeles, but Wiseau will not discuss his personal life or the source of his wealth. Greg signs with talent agent Iris Burton, while Tommy is consistently rejected by agencies, acting teachers, casting directors and producers.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with a bunch of celebrities (Kristen Bell, Ike Barinholtz, Kevin Smith, Adam Scott, Lizzy Caplan, Keegan-Michael Key, JJ Abrams, and Danny McBride among others) talking about a particular movie that is incomparable, unlike anything they've seen before, and perhaps even a bit amazing. That movie is "The Room". San Francisco, July 1998 Greg Sestero (Dave Franco) is in an acting class doing a scene from "Waiting For Godot", but he's very shy and cannot express his acting talent the way he wants. The teacher, Jean Shelton (Melanie Griffith), criticizes Greg and his partner for not being fearless enough to show the class who they really are. When Jean asks for someone to be fearless, one man in the class responds. His name is Tommy Wiseau (James Franco). He and his partner get up in front of everyone to do the "STELLA!" scene from "A Streetcar Named Desire", but Tommy just does weird stuff like climbing the wall and yelling incoherently. Nobody is impressed, except for Greg. After class, Greg approaches Tommy and expresses his admiration for Tommy being as bold as he was. He asks Tommy if they can read a scene together, and Tommy agrees. Tommy picks Greg up in his neighborhood. Greg admires Tommy's car, but he firmly tells Greg not to ask him anything about what he does, where he gets his money, or where he comes from. The two then go to a restaurant where Tommy convinces Greg to read a scene. Greg reads it nervously, but Tommy pushes him to give a performance that the whole restaurant hears. Tommy and Greg become very close. Tommy tells Greg about how he wanted to be an actor and went after it despite what others have told him. After watching "Rebel Without A Cause", they drive out to the site of the car crash that killed James Dean, with Greg musing that he was so young and talented and was gone so soon. Tommy decides that they should waste no time in making their dreams come true, so they decide to move to Los Angeles and stay in an apartment that Tommy owns. Greg packs up his bags to move out. His mother (Megan Mullally) is concerned for Greg going off with a man he barely knows. Tommy picks Greg up and they head off. Los Angeles, November 1998 Greg signs to an agency with Iris Burton (Sharon Stone) as his agent. Meanwhile, Tommy is less lucky, with nobody liking his head shots or auditions. The two go to a nightclub to celebrate Greg getting signed. He hits it off with the bartender, Amber (Alison Brie), which appears to make Tommy a bit jealous. He forces Greg out of the club just as Amber is giving him her number. Greg and Amber start dating regularly. Tommy grows more rude and frustrated as he isn't having any success. One night, he is at a restaurant where he spots a well-known producer (Judd Apatow). Tommy approaches him in the middle of his dinner and tries to do a very loud and over-the-top "Hamlet" monologue before security comes to get him. The producer flat-out tells Tommy that he will never make it. Tommy and Greg stand on the rooftop of their place, both feeling dejected with their lack of work. Greg says that Iris hasn't been returning his calls, and he hasn't been nabbing many auditions. Tommy feels as though Hollywood has straight-up rejected him. Greg says he wishes they could make their own movie so they can have their own roles. Tommy thinks it's a great idea. Tommy immediately begins working on his movie script. In 2001, he has completed the script for "The Room". He shows the script to Greg and lets him read it at a diner. The dialogue is ridiculous, but Greg tells Tommy he thinks it's good. Tommy tells him he will play the main role of Johnny, and Greg will play his best friend Mark. The two vow to make the film and howl (literally) with excitement. The guys go to Birns and Sawyer to meet with Peter Anway (Jason Mantzoukas) and Bill Meurer (Hannibal Buress) to gather film equipment. Although it's an equipment rental store, Peter and Bill let Tommy purchase all of what he needs. They get a bit apprehensive when he says he wants to shoot on both 35mm film AND digital, but Tommy insists he has the money for it. Peter and Bill agree to it, and they give him the equipment at a reduced price on the condition that he shoots in their studio. Tommy and Greg agree. The next move is to gather other actors and crew members. Tommy and Greg audition a bunch of actresses for the part of Lisa, Johnny's girlfriend. The auditions are ridiculous, and at least one woman is horrified to think she would have to play Tommy's girlfriend. They eventually land on an actress named Juliette Danielle (Ari Graynor). Peter and Bill introduce Tommy to Rafael Smadja (Paul Scheer), the director of photography, and Sandy Schklair (Seth Rogen), the script supervisor, as well as Amy (Kelly Oxford) for makeup and Safoya (Charlyne Yi) for wardrobe. Once the whole cast and crew have been gathered, Tommy gives them a speech as they prepare to make a great movie. They start by shooting a scene with Philip Haldiman (Josh Hutcherson), who plays Denny, and Dan Janjigian (Zac Efron), who plays Chris R. Tommy is impressed with Dan's intensity during the scene where Chris R violently presses Denny for money owed to him. While out at dinner, Greg and Amber tell Tommy that they plan on having him move into her apartment. Tommy goes outside and angrily thrashes newspapers around. Although the production starts off smooth, things quickly start to deteriorate. Of note is when the crew has to film the notorious "Oh hi Mark" scene. Tommy forgets his own line (that HE wrote) and forces them to go through over 60 takes. Greg goes to hand him an empty water bottle so that Tommy can be more "intense". Tommy does the line in one last take, and the crew bursts into applause. Another rough moment comes when they film a sex scene between Johnny and Lisa. Tommy walks around naked and insists that he "show his ass" to sell the movie. He starts to insult Juliette when he notices a pimple on her shoulder and demands that it be covered with makeup for not being sexy enough. Tommy goes too far and pisses off Rafael, who threatens him. Tommy threatens to fire Rafael, but Greg tries to quell the tension, and Juliette is brave enough to continue as is. The scene itself is just awkward from Tommy's positioning, as Sandy notes it looks like Tommy is penetrating Juliette's belly button. On a particularly hot day, the cast and crew are overheated since Tommy refused to pay for air conditioning or water. On top of that, he's four hours late. When he arrives, Sandy and Rafael grill him, and the actress playing Claudette, Carolyn Minnott (Jacki Weaver), faints from heatstroke. The others try to wake her up, but Tommy coldly accuses her of napping on the job. As the arguing grows intense, Tommy brings out someone named Markus that he hired to film the crew when they weren't looking to see what they were saying about him. Tommy knows they don't take him seriously and call him things like Frankenstein and a "vampire rapist". During lunch, Greg sits with the rest of the cast. Philip asks Greg just what the hell the movie is about. Robyn Paris (June Diane Raphael), who plays Michelle, muses that the characters are inspired by people Tommy knew, and that Lisa, who betrays Johnny, is the universe as a whole. Greg then asks Carolyn why she continues to do the job even after all she's been put through. She responds that it's because they're actors, and even for them, the worst day on a set is better than most days anywhere else. Greg and Amber are out getting coffee when they see Bryan Cranston. Greg is a fan and Amber knows him from a Pilates class. She introduces them, and when Bryan learns that Greg is an actor, he tells him that they need an actor to play a lumberjack on an upcoming episode of "Malcolm in the Middle", and as long as Greg has his beard, he's got the part. Excited, Greg goes to tell Tommy since the next day would call for a scene where Greg gets shaved. Tommy doesn't like the idea since he thinks Greg wants to be committed to something other than his project. When given an ultimatum, Greg doesn't respond, and Amber leaves out of disappointment for him being unable to stand up to Tommy. The crew is now more than 12 days over filming. They shoot a scene where Johnny commits suicide after discovering Lisa's betrayal. Tommy puts the gun in his mouth and then starts writhing around and humping Lisa's dress (which Juliette wanted to keep). On the last day of filming, Tommy takes Greg to the park to film a scene just for him to get real emotions. Tommy also mentions that he let Sandy and Rafael go. Greg gets very real and starts to ask Tommy personal questions he hates, like where he gets his money, how old he is, and where he's really from. Tommy always insisted he's from New Orleans, despite his accent. The two eventually get into a fight, and they split up. Eight months later. Greg and Amber have broken up since she moved to Austin. He has gotten a steady gig at a local stage theater. Greg is driving and talking to his mom when he sees a billboard for "The Room" with Tommy's face. Tommy finds Greg after one of his performances. He personally invites him to the upcoming premiere of "The Room". Although hesitant, Greg accepts. The two pull up in a limo that is filled with a bunch of "The Room" merchandise that Tommy paid for. When they get to the theater, Tommy is surprised that Sandy, Rafael, and the whole cast have shown up. Tommy introduces the film before a packed house. The audience reacts with laughter at the ridiculousness of the film, as well as loud disgust at the sex scene with Tommy's ass in full view. Even Juliette is horrified that the scene is so long. The rest of the film is met with uproarious laughter, and the cast stating how bad most of it is. Tommy becomes visibly upset at the audience's reaction, and Greg notices. Tommy walks out before the end. Greg runs outside to comfort him, with Tommy expressing how he feels everyone hates him. Greg insists that's not the case, as the audience is having a great time. They chant "Do it! Do it! Do it!" when Johnny commits suicide, and once the film ends, everyone gives Tommy a standing ovation. He goes to the front and thanks them for liking his "comedy", as he claims was always his vision. He credits Greg for helping him, and Greg joins Tommy as they receive another round of applause. The final text states that "The Room" was shown in one theater and made $1,800 in its opening weekend. Tommy Wiseau paid for it to stay an extra two weeks in order for it to get a qualifying Oscar run. To this day, nobody knows where Tommy's from, how he got his money, or how old he is. He and Greg Sestero remain friends and continue to write, act, and produce. They will always be best known for "The Room". The credits feature side-by-sides of the actual film of "The Room" with almost exact shot-for-shot copies from this film. After the credits, we see Tommy approached at a party by a weird stranger named Henry (played the real Tommy Wiseau). Henry invites Tommy to hang out, but he declines. 