nm0011738:

 The Killer is Still Among Us (1986)Summaries While writing her thesis in criminology, a young woman begins to suspect that her new boyfriend is a serial killer. Inspired by true events, the movie is about Christina Marelli (Mariangela D'Abbraccio) a criminology student, who is writing her thesis on a serial killer which is terrorizing an Italian city. As her investigation proceeds, she meets a young forensic and they fall in love. The maniac keeps on killing, and then she begins to suspect that her new boyfriend may be the psycho that she is writing about. jairhcastillo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Name of the Rose (1986)431) An intellectually nonconformist friar investigates a series of mysterious deaths in an isolated abbey. 14. century Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his young novice arrive at a conference to find that several monks have been murdered under mysterious circumstances. To solve the crimes, William must rise up against the Church's authority and fight the shadowy conspiracy of monastery monks using only his intelligence which is considerable. yusufpiskin 1327. After a mysterious death in a Benedictine Abbey, the monks are convinced that the apocalypse is coming. With the Abbey to play host to a council on the Franciscan's Order's belief that the Church should rid itself of wealth, William von Baskerville, a respected Franciscan friar, is asked to assist in determining the cause of the untimely death. Alas, more deaths occur as the investigation draws closer to uncovering the secret the Abbey wants hidden, and there is finally no stopping the Holy Inquisition from taking an active hand in the process. William and his young novice must race against time to prove the innocence of the unjustly accused and avoid the wrath of Holy Inquisitor Bernardo Gui. Rick Munoz <rick.munoz@his.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with the arrival of Franciscan friar William of Baskerville ( Sean Connery ) and his novice assistant, Adso of Melk ( Christian Slater ) at a Benedictine Abbey in Northern Italy in 1327. They are there to attend an important conference. The abbey is in fear, however, over the recent death of one of their young monks, a brilliant illustrator. He was found killed by an impact at the base of a cliff outside the abbey, but there was no access to the roof or through a sealed window from which he could have fallen. Many of the monks fear that there can be only an evil, supernatural explanation. The Abbot ( Michael Lonsdale ) asks William to help solve the mystery as he is known to be a man of great intellect and a former investigator for the inquisition. William examines the evidence and comes to the conclusion the monk fell from a tower in a different section of the abbey and body rolled downhill to where it was found. He also believes it was suicide as there was no other reason for the monk to be in the tower that time of night and a murderer would not have bothered to carry the body up the stairs to get rid of it. With the Abbot assuaged the conference begins, but immediately another death takes place. A Greek translator ( Urs Althaus ) is found upside down and head first in a huge pot. When the body is cleaned William finds that the man has blackened fingers on his right hand and a blackened tongue. William and Adso try and examine the desks of the two dead men, but are blocked from seeing the translator's desk by the assistant librarian ( Michael Habeck ). Later that night, after the monks are done with their work, the two return to see what the assistant librarian was hiding. The assistant librarian is still there, however, chuckling over a book. Upon hearing their approach he takes the book and hides. On the translator's desk William finds a cryptic note that is partly written in invisible ink. It seems to give directions to a secret location in the adjacent library. The assistant librarian tosses a tool across the room distracting the two and escapes. William and Adso go after him and split up to search the Abbey. Adso wanders into the storehouse and hides when monk Remigio da Varagine ( Helmut Qualtinger ) checks the area for intruders. Adso is surprised when he finds a teenage girl ( Valentina Vargas ) with him in his hiding place. He is even more surprised when she makes passionate love to him before disappearing into the night. Meanwhile William is outside engaging hunchback monk Salvatore ( Ron Perlman ) in conversation. Salvatore is a half-wit who, along with Remigio, is a former member of a heretical cult. William finds this out and uses the information to force their cooperation. Salvatore tells him what he has seen happen between the illustrator, translator and assistant librarian. The next day the body of the assistant librarian is found by the abbey herbalist ( Elya Baskin ) submerged in a bathtub. This body too has blackened fingers and tongue. William goes to the Abbott with what he believes is the explanation for the deaths. He believes that the illustrator traded sexual favors with the assistant librarian to get access to a forbidden book: a comedy by Aristotle. Overwhelmed by guilt over what he had done, the illustrator took his own life, but not before he has passed the secret of where to find the book to his friend, the Greek Translator. The Greek translator also read the book, and later the assistant librarian. Both died of a "book that kills". The assistant librarian put the Greek translator's body into the pot to throw suspicion away from himself, before dying while trying to take a bath. The Abbott, underwhelmed by this explanation, burns the paper which is Williams only evidence and tells him he has concluded that he has no choice but to call in the Papal inquisition to get to the bottom of things. Bernardo Gui ( F. Murray Abraham ), an investigator who nearly got William executed in the past, will be arriving to take charge. William had asked the librarian ( Volker Prechtel ) for access to the library, but it was denied. Later he and Adso pressure Remigio to help them sneak in and find that the massive library tower is a labyrinth of rooms and passages. They use a copy of the directions to locate what they believe is the entrance to a secret room, but they fail to figure out how to open it. The next day William is interrupted during the conference by the Abbey herbalist who whispers to William that he has found the secret book hidden behind a jar in his building. Before William can excuse himself from the conference, however, the herbalist is killed by the librarian and the book taken back. That night a fire erupts in the storeroom and Bernardo catches Salvatore there with the teenage girl. He concludes that the girl is a witch, the monk has made a deal with the Satan and they are responsible for the deaths. William, however, realizes that it is more likely that the girl was exchanging sexual favors with Salvatore for food. Despite this Bernardo decides to sentence the girl, Salvatore and Remigio (by virtue of his earlier membership in the heretical cult) to burn at the stake. Because he refused to confirm Bernardo's pronouncement, William himself will be brought up on charges. During vespers that afternoon the librarian keels over and dies. His fingers and tongue are black. In the resulting confusion William and Adso manage to slip away from their guards and get back into the tower library. They hope to find evidence that will force the executions to be halted. They find their way to the secret door and solve the riddle of how to open it. Proceeding into the secret room they find Jorge de Burgos ( Feodor Chaliapin Jr. ), a blind and humorless senior member of the Abbey, with the secret book. Jorge invites William and Adso to examine it. William does, but puts on a glove first (though Jorge cannot see this as he is blind). William then tells Jorge that he knows that Jorge hates the book (as it is comedy and by his lights, evil) and has placed a deadly poison on the pages. That is the reason that all who read the book died (from licking their hand to turn the leaves). When William tells Jorge he is wearing a glove, Jorge snatches the book back and in the ensuing chase a candle is knocked over setting the library on fire. Jorge hides and while hiding starts to eat pages of the book. Outside the Abbey the girl, Salvatore and Remigio have been tied to stakes. Before the girl's can be ignited, however, Bernardo, the monks and guards notice the library tower is on fire. They run back to the Abbey while the girl is rescued by her peasant friends. It is too late for Salvatore and Remigio, however, and they burn to death. Bernardo, seeing the library on fire, decides things are out of control and it is time to leave the Abbey post-haste. The peasants are still mad at his sentence on the girl, however, and topple his wagon off the road and down a cliff where he is fatally impaled on a farm implement. While chasing Jorge, Adso and William are separated. William orders Adso out of the building as he and Jorge are apparently trapped by the fire. Jorge dies of poisoning from the poisoned ink that he ate. Adso makes it out and, at the last minute, so does William after having rescued a handful of important books. They depart the smoldering Abbey and on the way Adso sees the girl one last time. The narrator, Adso in his old age, reports that she was his only terrenal love, but he never knew her name. The credits roll. 
 Bertoldo, Bertoldino, and Cascacenno (1984)Summaries The story of a farmer that succeeded to contest the king Alboino in front of all his Royal court, in the Verona (Italy) of the 12th century, using just his cunning. He will risk several times his own life, but the king won't win any dispute at all. 1felco It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Adventures of Baron Munchausen (1988)651) An account of Baron Munchausen's supposed travels and fantastical experiences across late 18th-century Europe with his band of misfits. The fantastic tale of an 18th century aristocrat, his talented henchmen and a little girl in their efforts to save a town from defeat by the Turks. Being swallowed by a giant sea-monster, a trip to the moon, a dance with Venus and an escape from the Grim Reaper are only some of the improbable adventures. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> In the late Eighteenth Century, a European town is under siege of the Turkish army. Meanwhile, the theater company owned by Henry Saltis entertains the dwellers with the production of "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen". Out of the blue, an old man interrupts the presentation claiming that he is Hieronymus Karl Frederick Baron von Munchausen and the tells that he is the one to be blamed by the Turkish attack. The Baron Munchausen tells how he had won a bet against the Sultan with the abilities of his servants Berthold; Adolphus; Albrecht; and Gustavus and earned his treasure. Further, he offers to help the locals against the Turks and builds a balloon to seek out his missing servants. During his journey, he finds the girl Sally hidden in the balloon and they travel to the moon, where they meet the deranged King of the Moon Roger with his detachable head, and his wife, the Queen of the Moon Ariadne. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Bent on saving a besieged European city from the clutches of a Turkish Sultan and his soldiers, the incredible aristocrat of fabrication, Baron von Munchausen, embarks on an enchanting odyssey to the four corners of the world, and beyond. Accompanied by the young stowaway, Sally Salt, the dauntless Baron sets off on a dangerous mission to assemble his old team of remarkable gentlemen, only to face regal Selenites; lovelorn deities; the immaculate personification of beauty, and gigantic, deep-sea leviathans. Now, the fate of the war-ravaged town rests in the hands of a handful of defenders; however, a persistent, and above all, eternal dark adversary threatens to thwart the Baron's altruistic plans. Can the extraordinary Baron von Munchausen carry out his impossible task? Nick Riganas It is the late 18th century and Austria is at war with the Turks. An Austrian town is besieged and in the town a local theatrical producer is presenting the story of Baron Munchausen. One night a man appears, claiming to be the actual Baron Munchausen. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in an unnamed and war-torn European city in the late 18th century (dubbed "The Age of Reason" in an opening caption), where, amidst explosions and gunfire from a large Turkish army outside the city gates, a fanciful touring stage production of Baron Mnchhausen's life and adventures is taking place. Backstage, city official "The Right Ordinary Horatio Jackson" (Jonathan Pryce) reinforces the city's commitment to reason (here meaning uniformity and unexceptionality) by ordering the execution of a soldier who had just accomplished a near-superhuman feat of bravery (Sting in a cameo), claiming that his bravery is demoralizing to other soldiers. Not far into the play, an elderly man claiming to be the real Baron interrupts the show, protesting its many inaccuracies. Over the complaints of the audience, the theater company and Jackson, the "real" Baron gains the house's attention and narrates through flashback an account of one of his adventures, of a life-or-death wager with the Grand Turk, where the younger Baron's life is saved only by his amazing luck plus the assistance of his remarkable associates: Berthold (Eric Idle), the world's fastest runner; Adolphus (Charles McKeown), a rifleman with superhuman eyesight; Gustavus (Jack Purvis), who possesses extraordinary hearing, and sufficient lung power to knock down an army by exhaling; and Albrecht (Winston Dennis), a fantastically strong man. When gunfire disrupts the elderly Baron's story, the importance of saving the city eclipses the show. The Baron wanders backstage intending to die, until the exuberantly enthusiastic questioning of Sally Salt (Sarah Polley), the young daughter of the theater company's leader, persuades him to remain living. Insisting that he alone can save the city, the Baron escapes the city's walls in a hot air balloon constructed of women's underwear, accompanied by Sally as a stowaway. The balloon expedition proceeds to the Moon, where the Baron, rejuvenated by the escape, finds his old associate Berthold, but angers the King of the Moon (Robin Williams), who resents the Baron for his romantic past with the Queen of the Moon (Valentina Cortese). A bungled escape from the Moon brings the trio back to (and beneath) the Earth, where the Roman God Vulcan (Oliver Reed) hosts his guests with courtesy and Albrecht is found. The Baron and Vulcan's wife, the Goddess Venus (Uma Thurman), attempt a romantic interlude by waltzing in air, but this cuts short the hospitality and Vulcan expels the now-foursome from his kingdom into the South Seas. Swallowed by an enormous sea creature, the travelers locate Gustavus, Adolphus, and the Baron's trusty horse Bucephalus. The Baron (who again appears elderly after being "expelled from a state of bliss", in his words) struggles with the conflicting goals of heroism and a peaceful death, before deciding to escape by blowing "a modicum of snuff" out into the sea creature's cavernous interior, which causes the sea creature to "sneeze" the heroes out through its whale-like blowhole. Back ashore, the Turkish army is located but the Baron's associates are now too elderly and tired to fight the Turk as in the old days. The Baron lectures them firmly but to no avail, and he storms off intending to surrender to the Turk and to Jackson; his cohorts rally to save both the Baron and the city. During the city's celebratory parade, the Baron is shot dead by Jackson. An emotional public funeral takes place, but the denouement reveals that this is merely the final scene of yet another story the Baron is telling to the same theater-goers who were attending the theater in the beginning of the film. The Baron calls the foregoing "only one of the many occasions on which I met my death" and closes his tale by saying "everyone who had a talent for it lived happily ever after." An ambiguous finale reveals that the city has indeed been saved, even though the events of the battle apparently occurred in a story rather than the film's reality. The Baron rides off on Bucephalus. As the Baron and Bucephalus are bathed in the light of the sun parting through the clouds, they apparently disappear, and the credits roll over a triumphant blast of music. 