nm0006952:

 Two Days in New York (2012)Summaries Manhattan couple Marion and Mingus, who each have children from prior relationships, find their comfortable family dynamic jostled by a visit from Marion's relatives. Marion (Delpy) has broken up with Jack (Two Days in Paris) and now lives in New York with their child. But when her family decides to come visit her, she's unaware that the different cultural background held by her new American boyfriend Mingus (Rock), her eccentric father, and her sister Rose who decided to bring her ex-boyfriend along for the trip, added to her upcoming photo exhibition, will make up for an explosive mix. Anonymous Marion and Mingus go from perfect domesticity to waking nightmare when her family comes from France to New York for the weekend. The visitors test the mixed couple's relationship with unsubtle racist remarks, odd sexual habits and bizarre behavior. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Two Days in Paris (2007)321) Marion and Jack try to rekindle their relationship with a visit to Paris, home of Marion's parents -- and several of her ex-boyfriends. 2 Jours - 2 Days follows two days in the relationship of a New York based couple - a French photographer Marion and American interior designer Jack - as they attempt to re-infuse their relationship with romance by taking a vacation in Europe. Their trip to Venice didn't really work out, - they both came down with gastroenteritis. They have higher hopes for Paris. But the combination of Marion's overbearing non-English-speaking parents, flirtatious ex-boyfriends, and Jack's obsession with photographing every famous Parisian tombstone and conviction that French condoms are too small, only adds fuel to the fire. Will they be able to salvage their relationship? Will they ever have sex again? Or will they merely manage to perfect the art of arguing? Rezo Distribution Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack and Marion are 35 years old and in a relationship. He is an interior designer and she is a photographer. Jack, however, has been taking most of the photos on their vacation. Marion speaks several languages but Jack knows only a few words of French. The couple has spent time in Italy and are on their way back home to New York City where they live, but they are going to spend two days in Paris where Marion grew up. The couple need a taxi and a lot of people are waiting for one. Most of them are Americans going to the Louvre. Jack has an idea. He pretends to be nice but what he does is really mean. He gives them directions that make it appear the Louvre is in walking distance, and while they are very appreciative, Jack has no idea where the Louvre is and they will do a lot of walking for nothing. The first of five memorable taxi drivers picks them up and takes the couple to the building where Marion's parents Anna and Jeannot live. He runs an art gallery. The couple will stay in a small apartment upstairs. Anna has the key, which leads to at least one embarrassing moment. In a flashback, the audience learns that as a child Marion would sometimes stop moving and just look at the world around her. Marion has a vision problem that keeps her from seeing certain details. With glasses or contacts she can apparently see fine except in the areas where it looks like objects are blocking her view. Marion was given a camera which would allow her to take photos and then look at the photos instead of just staring. Earlier, as a flashback shows, the couple stopped just to let her parents have Jean-Luc the cat for several days. Apparently they fed the cat too much because he is huge. This is just one way in which the visit with her parents is unpleasant for them and funny for the audience. Rose, who teaches rich children with problems, comes for a visit to add even more tension. Marion's parents have a plumbing disaster and for some reason they call the fire department, who can't really do anything. While in Paris, the couple visits Jim Morrison's grave, where some people are acting like they are on drugs and the music seems appropriate. They also visit Jeannot's gallery and go to a party hosted by Marion's friend Vanessa. One of Marion's exes Manu is there, which causes some tension. Also, Marion apparently has a reaction to something she ate, which frightens her because she feels like she is dying. The couple take several cab rides, some pleasant and some unpleasant. One man is very nice and chooses pleasant music for them to listen to. Another rants about all the things he hates about people from other countries. Marion makes her feelings clear and he comes close to calling the cops. In a restaurant, Marion sees another of her exes who treated her very badly. She tries to be polite at first and finally behaves in a way that gets them kicked out. It has been stated that Jack spent time in prison and has anger management issues, but Jack never really gets angry even though it would be justified given some of the situations he has gotten into. After Jack finds messages from one of Marion's exes Mathieu on her phone, the couple fight and go their separate ways for a while. Jack has a difficult time in a fast food restaurant where the employee doesn't speak English. A man who describes himself as a fairy sits at his table and has a sort of nice conversation with Jack, though it includes describing why he shouldn't be eating fast food. And then the man sets the place on fire. Jack also ends up in a bad section of town where a man who apparently looks like him runs past carrying a purse, followed by a woman yelling for help who accuses Jack. Marion sees an embarrassing statue of her created by one of her exes. Eventually the couple make up and it is time to go home. 
 Gossip (I) (2000)Summaries Three college students base their class project around gossip and how fast it spreads, which soon spirals out of control. On a beautiful college campus, something ugly is about to be spread around. A bit of gossip that was told is starting to take a frightening turn. Who could it have offended and how far will the person on the other side of the gossip handle the embarrassing situation. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Derrick, Cathy, and Travis, three students and fellow roommates, decide to do a class project on gossip. Derrick witnesses couple Naomi and Beau making out at a night club, but then she passes out and Beau leaves. Cathy spreads the rumor that well-known ice princess Naomi had sex with Beau at the club that night, which quickly evolves until the gossip mill is saying that Beau went ahead and had sex with Naomi after she passed out. Cathy has regrets when Naomi cries rape and Beau is being arrested. Kat It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Riding in Cars with Boys (2001)Summaries A single mother, with dreams of becoming a writer, has a son at the age of 15 in 1965, and goes through a failed marriage with the drug-addicted father. Seriocomic story based on the memoir by Beverly Donofrio, the movie follows a young woman who finds her life radically altered by an event from her teen years. Born in 1950, Beverly grew up bright and ambitious in a working-class neighborhood in Connecticut; her father was a tough but good-hearted cop who listened to his daughter's problems, and her mother was a nervous woman eager to imagine the worst. From an early age, Beverly displays a keen intelligence and an interest in literature, and dreams of going to college in New York and becoming a writer. However, she also develops an early interest in boys, and at 15 finds herself madly in love with a boy from her high school. However, an attempt to get his attention leads to an embarassing incident at a party, and Ray, a sweet but thick-headed 18-year-old, steps forward to defend her. Beverly and Ray end up making out, and after one thing leads to another, Beverly discovers she's pregnant. Telling Ray is only marginally less difficult than informing her parents, and at 16, Beverly is a wife and mother. Against the odds, Beverly is determined to still finish high school and go on to college, but that goal becomes more difficult with time, especially after Beverly's marriage begins to fall apart. Ray tries to do the right thing but has trouble holding a job, and becomes addicted to heroin. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 