nm0004259:

 Mensch Mutter (2003)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tatort (1970 )Summaries A German language television series that has been running continuously since 1970, which makes it the longest-running German TV drama. Every episode features different detectives of a different city trying to solve a murder case. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Offroad (2012)Summaries A young woman who had her future planned as junior manager of her father's company encounters life-changing events. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ants in the Pants (2000)Summaries A late bloomer, 15-year-old Flo experiences his sexual awakening, relentlessly targeting his gorgeous classmate Leonie. Flos friends eagerly try to help him out. The only problem may be Leonies boyfriend. For years, the ordinary teenager, Florian, has been neglecting his needs, and above all, an impatient but important part of his anatomy. However, his world will turn upside down, when, much to his surprise, Flo wakes up one morning, only to realise that his "best friend" can speak to him. Now, with the talkative "pal" making his existence known on the most unsuitable of circumstances, Flo has no other choice but to enlist the help of his friends who only think about women--Schumi, Dirk, and Red Bull--to be in control of the embarrassing situation. Will Florian manage to impress the school's diva, Leonie? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 