nm0004997:

 God's Not Dead 2 (2016)211) When a high school teacher is asked a question in class about Jesus, her response lands her in deep trouble. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film is a sequel, taking place a few months after the first film. We are introduced to new characters, and revisit characters from the first film. A teenager named Brooke is trying to go about her day but is depressed because her brother died in an accident 6 months ago. Her parents seem to be over it and want her to be also. Grace Wesley (Melissa Joan Hart) is Brooke's history teacher. She is very upbeat and was even voted teacher of the year. She lives with her elderly father whom she takes care of. Rev. Dave returns and is having a bad day when Reverend Jude (also from the first film) shows up. He will be finishing his doctorate in the states and will be staying there. Amy returns as a journalist she was diagnosed with cancer at the end of the last film and became a Christian while interviewing the Newsboys. She just came from the doctor, and is now friends with the band, and tells them she is cancer free. Now that her illness is in remission, she wants to seek God out while just living her normal life. Martin Yip also returns as a Chinese college student. He became a Christian at the end of the first film and is now seeking answers to many of his questions. At the end of class Grace notices Brooke seems upset and asks her. Brooke tells her she is fine but later seeks her out to talk. They talk about her loss and she asks Grace how she stays so upbeat all the time. Graces answer is Jesus. Later the Salvation Army comes to pick up her brothers things and a volunteer gives Brooke a Bible she found. Her family is atheist which is why she is confused as to why her brother would have one. Its all marked up with notes and she begins reading it. In class Grace is talking about Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr's teachings about peaceful solutions. Brooke raises her hand and asks if it is also similar to Jesus' teachings. Grace agrees and recites some of Jesus's words from the Bible to show the similarities. One student takes out his cell phone and tells someone Grace has been preaching in class. She is called in for disciplinary action and put on paid administrative leave while they investigate. She gets a lawyer from the teachers union a very young lawyer named Tom Endler (Jesse Metcalfe). He is not a Christian but feels as though that will help their case. At the next meeting they offer her a plea just apologize to the Board for her wrongdoing and it will all be over. She refuses as she doesn't feel as though she did anything wrong she was just quoting someone, not preaching. The case now goes to court. The prosecutor, Peter Kane, goes to Brookes house to convince her parents to get in on this. It will help her get into college. They want to make this very public so Grace will be the example God is dead. They agree despite Brooke not wanting anything to do with it. Rev. Dave is called for Jury Duty and he is selected to be on the jury for this case. Brooke and her friends begin protesting as the case goes on. Her best friend Marlene is Amy's niece. She calls Amy to try and get her to report on the story. As the case goes on, Brooke goes to church and sees Martin. He, as a new Christian, has many questions, but she has more, and begins to ask him. She becomes a Christian in the church that night. Martin however is disowned by his father for his faith. He later decides to return to China to become a pastor. Meanwhile, Rev. Dave and other pastors receive a subpoena to submit their sermons from the last three months for review. He refuses. Many witnesses are called to testify. Graces principal expresses how Grace had invited her to church one time (to support their students) and her colleague says how she talks about God all the time on school property. Grace and Tom need a new strategy they decide to make the case that Jesus was a real historical figure, just like Gandhi and MLK. They call in historians as witnesses and make their case. Suddenly Reverend Dave becomes sick and they must replace him with an alternate. He has appendicitis. They replace him with a young woman who dresses differently colored hair and makeup, piercings, tattoos. Despite this, its looking positive when Brooke barges into the courtroom. She wants to testify to help her teacher. They agree thinking she will only help. However the conversation they had about her brother comes up. Kane makes the case that if they never had this conversation where Jesus was mentioned, she never would have asked the question in class or become a Christian. It seems as though all hope is lost and Tom tells Grace to prepare to lose. To show their solidarity, Brooke and all her friends show up at Graces door that night singing How Great Thou Art by candlelight. The next day Tom is no where to be found. Suddenly her barges into the courtroom and calls Grace to the stand without her knowing. He badgers her questioning her about her faith, causing her to cry and ask Why are you doing this? He goes on to ask the jury to just convict her already. He is found in contempt as he goes on and on, yelling, saying that this is the first step lets just silence all the Christians, and if this doesn't work, fine them, jail them, etc. He tells Grace later that he had to do it that way without her knowing so that the jury would see her true reaction. At the Newsboys concert they phone in Amy to pray for the outcome. Amazingly enough, Grace is cleared of all charges. The replacement juror is a Christian, showing not to judge a book by its cover. They all go outside and a huge crowd is there singing and celebrating with Grace that God is not dead. After the closing credits, Rev. Dave is arrested by the local police for not giving copies of his sermons for the last three months in response to the subpoena. He goes into the police car peacefully, and doesn't resist arrest. 
 Sabrina the Teenage Witch (19962003)Summaries When a sixteen-year-old high school student finds out she's a witch, her two aunts offer guidance on how to control her newly-discovered magical powers. Sabrina Spellman (Melissa Joan Hart), a perfectly normal sixteen-year-old, is informed by her aunts, Hilda (Caroline Rhea) and Zelda (Beth Broderick), that she (and they, and her whole family on her father's side) are witches. She lives with them in Massachusetts while preparing to receive her witch's license. Along the way, she gets into many scrapes while figuring out how certain spells work. She also has to keep the secret from her boyfriend, Harvey (Nate Richert), friends Jenny (Michelle Beaudoin), and later Valerie (Lindsay Sloane), stuck-up nemesis Libby (Jenna Leigh Green), and the ever-suspicious Principal Willard Kraft (Martin Mull). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drive Me Crazy (1999)44) Nicole and Chase used to be BFFs, then junior high happened. The high school centennial dance is coming but Nicole gets dumped. So does Chase. They stage a relationship to get at their exes. They visit each other's worlds. Love in the air? Nicole (Melissa Joan Hart) and Chase (Adrian Grenier) are neighbors but are from two very different worlds. Despite their differences their love lives have a common theme. Their most recent plans for love have fallen through putting them both in a desperate state to fix them. Both Nicole and Chase conspire to pretend to find a romantic interest in each other, with the hopes of attracting the "ones who got away" from them. Leading up to the big school dance, Chase and Nicole find that their scam worked out better than they had planned. Nicole Maris is a popular high school preppy senior in Utah who gets her life turned upside down when her perfect date, Brad, falls for a cute cheerleader from another school a month before the school's centennial senior prom. After recovering from the shock, Nicole comes up with a solution to save her reputation: find a guy to appear like they're going steady and to take her to the dance hoping to make Brad jealous. Nicole then hooks up with her next door neighbor, prankster and trouble maker Chase Hammond, and tries to model him in her own image while he's looking to make his long-term girlfriend Dulcie jealous too. However, both Nicole and Chase don't expect their charade to lead it where they never expected it to. Matt Patay Nicole is popular and stylish and has her sights set on one thing, the gala centennial celebration theme for the prom. She has always been into doing good for the planet. Her second sights are on a date to escort her. But when her dream date invites another girl, Nicole must act fast to find a substitute. She decides to go low and asks her grungy next door neighbor to take her there. But first, he needs a little work done to himself. She gives him a fashion make over to show his true handsome self. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Clarissa Explains It All (19911994)Summaries As events unfold in her life, Clarissa explains to the viewer the motivations behind people's actions. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 