nm0009732:

 Rosangelica (1993 )Summaries This is the passionate story between Rosangelica and Oscar Eduardo. Their relationship is hindered by a past that affects them both. Twenty years ago, Rodolfo rapes Gisele, his secretary. Her husband, Alberto, in a fit of jealousy, murders Rodolfo. However, Gisele takes the blame for this murder in order to save her beloved husband. Distressed by all these events, she becomes mentally ill and is confined to an asylum. As a result of the rape, Gisele gives birth to Rosangelica. In time, she turns into a beautiful young woman, noble, full of life and a talented artist. Her life changes when she meets Oscar Eduardo, a doctor. But when he discovers Rosangelica's past, he abandons her and their newborn love child. She, like her mother, is confined to an asylum for mentally disturbed persons. A series of events - a fire in the asylum and further suspicions of Rosangelica's death, and an encounter with Joel, a photographer - will turn her life around. Marie <mariedo@otenet.gr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quirpa de tres mujeres (1996 )Summaries This is a story of betrayal and passion. Betrayal at the hands of Vicente Echeverra, who stole Gonzalo Landaeta's land and woman, causing Landaeta to die of sorrow. Passion in the hearts of his three beautiful daughters, Manuela, Emiliana and Camila which the stern and intransigent Vicente will fight to the end. Manuela Echeverra, about to be married to Ezequiel Erellano, goes through turbulent changes when she meets Rodrigo Uzctegui, a man that gives her the most overwhelming tenderness, the most irresistible passion and who causes her the deepest confusion. Emiliana Echeverra is torn between the love for a man and the respect for her father, when she falls in love with Juan Cristbal Landaeta, an older man and her father's fiercest enemy. Camila Echeverra defies her father by falling in love with Daro Guanipa, her childhood playmate, whom Vicente perceives as just a peasant working his land. Three unforgettable women caught between love and betrayal... Liran (man) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sweet Enemy (1995 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Como t, ninguna (1994 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 