nm0006392:

 Les Misrables (1995)431) A variation on Victor Hugo's classic novel by means of the story of a man whose life is affected by and somewhat duplicated by the Hugo story of the beleaguered Jean Valjean. Henri Fortin is poor and iliterate former boxer. Ziman is rich Jewish lawyer from Paris. During WWII they meet when Fortin agrees to drive Ziman's family to Switzerland. Intrigued by Victor Hugo's novel "Les Miserables", Fortin asks the Zimans to read that book to him during the travel. Before the end of movie every main character would see his character in situations similar to those in Hugo's novel. Dragan Antulov <dragan.antulov@altbbs.fido.hr> A variation on Victor Hugo's classic novel by means of the story of a man whose life is affected by and somewhat duplicated by the Hugo story of the beleaguered Jean Valjean. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is basically the original story of Les Miserables, used in the time of World War Two. Basically an ex boxer, an ex dancer and their daughter are trying to get away from the Nazis (obviously becuse they are Jewish). In that they meet a man who can be referred to as the 20th century Jean Valjean (of the original play). If you know who he is and the original play, you can match up the story and how it is Les Miserables of World War 2. During the course of the film the family is seperated but in the end they continue to live out the original story of Les Miserables and reunite with the help of Henry Fortin (or Jean Valjean). There are a few differences between the original play and this one that are left out but the beautiful drama of a story still lives within the horrors of World War 2 and have the same impact as it should. 
 Highlander (19921998)Summaries Duncan MacLeod is Immortal, and must live in modern society, concealing his true nature while fighting other Immortals. Taken from the film, Highlander, Duncan MacLeod, clansman of Connor in the film also finds he is being stalked by not only other immortals trying to kill him before the time of the gathering, but also a secret society of mortals who call themselves 'The Watchers' and also seem intent on killing him but "The Watchers" observe and record and never interfere. Duncan and the other immortals can only be killed by decapitation and often live for centuries. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Inspired by the movie of the same name follows the life of Duncan MacLeod, a clansman of Connor MacLeod, star of the movie. Duncan's an immortal, who has been alive for four hundred years. The first season follows his attempt to live a normal life with his French girlfriend, Tessa. He took in a young street kid named Richie, whom he confided his secret--that he's an immortal and can only be killed when he is beheaded. And also once beheaded their power goes into the one who beheads them, which means that there's always an immortal who wants to take their head. The second season Duncan discovered there's a secret society, whose duty is to record what immortals do. And the one assigned to "watch" Duncan is Joe Dawson. It seems that some of their members feel that immortals are abominations and must be disposed, which they tried. Also Tessa and Richie were killed but Richie then learned that he is an immortal which is why Duncan took him in and confided in him. Duncan would constantly run into Amanda who in an immortal and a thief but Duncan tries to reform her and has occasional success. He would also meet Methos who is supposedly the oldest immortal. Now the first half of each season begins in North America while the second half takes place in Europe, mostly France. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nouvelles de Marcel Aym (19901991)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Les enfants du naufrageur (1992)Summaries Eight children live together on a strange island, in supernatural happiness, until their little paradise is disturbed when an old lady is found murdered there. What has happened? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 