nm0001312:

 Spice World (1997)431) World famous pop group the Spice Girls zip around London in their luxurious double decker tour bus having various adventures and performing for their fans. Climb aboard the double decker Spice Bus and get ready for a madcap musical adventure with the sexy phenomenons of pop - the Spice Girls. An encounter with extra-terrestrials, a night in a haunted castle, and a moment of truth in a maternity ward are just a few of the escapades the endeavored upon as the Girls gear up for their first live concert at London's Royal Albert Hall. Anonymous The Spice Girls have become superstars and a global phenomenon. As they prepare for what may be their most prestigious concert to date at Royal Albert Hall in London, everyone in the world wants their two pounds of flesh from the girls at their expense. Their manager Clifford and his behind the scenes boss "The Chief" want to control all aspects of the girls' lives with the sole goal of getting them to the concert in the best shape possible. A documentary film crew wants 24/7 access amidst the girls' busy schedule. A Hollywood pitch team wants them to star in a movie, they pitching one outlandish idea after another. The London tabloids want to print whatever salacious story they can get their hands on, even if it ruins the girls' careers. And even some out of this world visitors want what all their adoring fans want. Through it all, the girls, who want to have some fun along the way, evaluate their lives and wonder if they've lost sight of what is really important in life, those priorities, like being with their pregnant best friend Nicola, which may be incompatible with being pop superstars. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie opens, the Spice Girls are enjoying their fame, but becoming dissatisfied with the burdens of it. The sinister owner of a newspaper, Kevin McMaxford (Barry Humphries (also known as Dame Edna Everage)) is trying to ruin their reputation in order to cash in on the headlines, and even dispatches a photographer (Richard O'Brien) to take pictures and tape recordings of the girls. Less threatening but more annoying is a film director (Alan Cumming) who with his crew stalks the band, hoping to use them as documentary subjects; at the same time, the girls' manager, Clifford, (Richard E. Grant) is fending off two over-eager Hollywood writers (George Wendt and Mark McKinney) who relentlessly pitch absurd plot ideas for a Spice Girls feature film. Throughout their busy schedule, the girls keep asking Clifford for time off to spend with Nicola (Naoko Mori),who is due to give birth soon, and to relax, but he refuses--mainly because his own boss, the cryptic and eccentric "Chief" (Roger Moore), won't allow it. The stress and overwork compound, culminating in a huge argument with Clifford and among the bandmates; the girls storm out, refusing to play Albert Hall. Separately, the bandmates think back on their humble beginnings, their struggle to the top, and their strengthened friendship. They reconcile, then decide to take Nicola out dancing. However, she goes into labor at the nightclub and is rushed to the hospital in the tour bus. The band stay at the hospital to provide Nicola with support, refusing to perform until after she has given birth. The next morning, the day of their Albert Hall gig, Nicola finally gives birth to a girl. As they are leaving the hospital, the girls bump into a doctor, but when Emma notices he has a camera, the girls realize the doctor is the photographer whose been stalking them in disguise. The photographer runs off with the girls in hot pursuit, only to hit his head on the wall after colliding with an empty stretcher, and when he sees the girls standing over him, he tells them that they've made him see the error of his ways, and he goes after the owner of the newspaper. After noticing their bus driver (Meat Loaf) missing, Victoria decides to drive herself. So, it becomes a race against time as she drives like a maniac to get to Albert Hall. The bus drives by Buckingham Palace, the the girls wave to the Royal Family, Victoria puts her foot down on the gas pedal when Tower Bridge starts to go up to let a boat through. They land safely on the other side, but when Emma opens a trapdoor in the floor, she discovers a bomb! The girls finish the movie with a performance of "Spice Up Your Life". 
 Crank: High Voltage (2009)431) Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker which requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. Chev Chelios survives a fall from the sky, sort of. He's in an unknown location, sedated, while various Chinese are harvesting his organs. His heart is gone, in an ice chest; a temporary in its place. Chev escapes, knowing only the name of the guy with the ice chest. He calls Doc Miles, an unlicensed cardiologist, who tells him there's only an hour's life in the artificial heart: keep it charged. Chev needs to find his own heart and get to Doc for a transplant. He starts his time-limited pursuit of shadowy figures, the ice chest, and his heart aided by Eve, Rei, and Venus - a stripper, a prostitute, and a pal with Tourette's - constantly needing an electric charge to keep going. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Some believe that, when you've stared death in the face, everything after that is easy. However, after his high-octane experience in Crank (2006) , the indestructible British assassin, Chev Chelios, finds himself neck-deep in trouble, and one heart short. This time, with his ticker removed and replaced with a temporary, battery-powered artificial heart, once again, Chev embarks on a frenzied quest to stay alive, on the hunt for his missing organ and Johnny Vang, a ruthless member of the Chinese Triad in Los Angeles. But, this is a race against time, and as Chelios leaves no stone unturned to find his stolen heart, he must never forget to recharge the device in his chest every so often, to keep himself going. The clock is ticking. Will Chev ever get his heart back? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a sequence designed to look like a classic video game, depicting Chev Chelios' (Jason Statham) fall from a helicopter during the final moments of the original Crank. Immediately after his fall, he is scooped off the street via snow shovel by group of Chinese medics and removed from the scene. He wakes up in a makeshift hospital and sees doctors removing his heart while Johnny Vang (Art Hsu) watches. The doctors place Chev's heart in a red cooler with a padlock, and place a clear plastic artificial heart in his chest. Chev passes out. Chev comes to some time later as an Asian woman is taking his temperature (rectally). Two doctors come in and talk about their plans to remove more of Chev's organs, including his penis. Chev beats up the doctors and stands up. He notices a yellow battery pack is attached to him, which he leaves on, and walks down the hall. The other rooms contain prostitutes, and he steals a set of clothes from one of the rooms without the occupants noticing. Outside, he gets in a gunfight and interrogates a thug in order to learn Johnny Vang's name and his location (Cypress Social Club), and then sets off to look for him. On the road, Chev finds a phone in his pocket, and calls Doc Miles (Dwight Yoakam), who tells him that he has been fitted with an AbioCor Artificial heart. Once the external battery pack runs out, the internal battery will kick in and he will have one hour before it stops working. After the call, Chev asks a nearby driver where to find the Cypress Social Club, but crashes his car in the middle of the conversation, destroying his external battery pack. In order to keep going, Chev has the driver use his jumper cables on himself, and runs to the Cypress Social Club. Upon arriving, Chev inadvertently saves a prostitute named Ria (Bai Ling) from an abusive, fat customer. Ria kills the customer and is immediately infatuated with Chev, claiming he Kevin Costner to her Whitney Houston (ala The Bodyguard). Vang escapes (still carrying the red, padlocked cooler) and Chev wants nothing to do with Ria, but she claims to know where Vang is. She takes Chev to Strip Please, where Chev is shocked to find into his old girlfriend Eve Lydon (Amy Smart). Apparently the public sex scene in Crank made her more sexually adventurous, and she thought he was dead (Chev learns that three months have passed, and it is revealed that the telephone message he left her at the end of the first movie was unintelligible due to the wind). In a back room, Vang has been cornered by a group of Mexican gangsters, led by Chico (Joseph Julian Soria), who shows he means business by chopping off a man's elbow. Vang agrees to let them have Chev, and apparently escapes. Chev is confronted by the Mexicans, and a gunfight breaks out. Everyone gets gunned down by Chev, except Chico, who escapes out a back door. Chev interrogates a wounded gangster, who informs him that El Huron (Clifton Collins, Jr.) is trying to kill him, but doesn't know why. Chev picks up Eve and they walk out. Outside, he is met by a group of cops, who begin beating him down. He is weakened, but one of them inadvertently charges Chev by using a taser on him. Chev steals a cop car with Eve and another stripper in the back, who tells Chev that he should look at the Hollywood horse racetrack for Johnny Vang. They encounter a group of porn stars protesting low wages, and Chev is forced to escape, leaving Eve in the back of the cop car. In a nearby park, Chev steals an electric dog collar from a gay couple and uses it to zap himself. Chev is about to be picked up by cops when he is picked up on a motorcycle by Venus (Efren Ramirez), who reveals himself to be Kaylo's brother. He also has Full Body Tourette's Syndrome. At first, Chev tells Venus that everyone responsible for his brother's death is dead, but this prompts Venus to leave. Wanting his help, Chev tells Venus that El Huron was involved but escaped. At the horse tracks, Chev is losing energy. He calls Doc Miles and learns that the heart can be charged through the skin by means of friction. He rubs up on a couple of racetrack patrons (including Chester Bennington, who also had a cameo in the original film, and an old woman), but finally Eve shows up and really helps stimulate Chev. They have sex on the racetrack while the crowd cheers, and Chev is restored to full energy. Chev spots Vang and once again leaves Eve behind (much to the dismay of the crowd) and chases Vang through the parking garage. Vang escapes, however, and Chev is about to be subdued by security when Don Kim, the Chinese gangster who saved Chev's life in the first film, picks Chev up in his limo. Don Kim informs Chev that there is a leader in the Triads named Poon Dong (David Carradine), who was in need of a heart transplant. When he heard of Chev's ability to withstand the Chinese adrenaline poison, he put out an order for Chev's heart. Don Kim then tells Chev that he wishes to return him to Poon Dong for a reward. Upon hearing this, Chev kills all of Don Kim's henchmen, including the limo driver, and shoots Don Kim several times. The limo then crashes, and Chev steals another car. Meanwhile, Eve is arrested, and Venus calls in Orlando (Reno Wilson) to assist in tracking down El Huron. Chico reports his failure to El Huron, who forces Chico to cut off his own nipples. While driving, Chev is cut off by an ambulance. He boards the ambulance and is surprised to see the EMTs are working on Don Kim. He demands a new battery pack for his artificial heart, and the EMT is forced to stop working while he hooks it up. Don Kim dies, and Chev exits the limo upon seeing Johnny Vang on the street outside. Chev hides, but Ria reappears and is hit by a passing car trying to get Chev's attention. Vang tries to escape in a car, but the car drives off without him, and Chev chases Vang to an electric plant, where there is a Godzilla-inspired fight where Chev and Vang (stuntmen with exaggerated, cartoon masks of the actors) fight on a tiny power-plant stage. Upon winning, Chev discovers that Vang's red cooler holds something other than his heart (something Chev claims is terribly offensive, but which is never revealed). Chev calls Doc Miles again, and learns that his heart is already transplanted into Poon Dong, but promises to find him for Chev. Chev goes to ask Johnny Vang, but Johnny Vang is shot and killed by Chico, and they knock Chev unconscious. There is a dream sequence of sorts, showing Chev as a youngster, with his mother (Geri Haliwell) on the Luke Canard show talking about his violent tendencies as a boy. Eve is interrogated by police, but refuses to rat Chev out. Doc Miles uses his assistant Chocolate to lure Poon Dong in, and knocks him out. Chev is awakened by electric shocks to his testicles, and is dragged by speedboat to an island where El Huron awaits. El Huron explains to Chev that he is the third Verona brother, and is very upset that Chev killed Ricky (Jose Pablo Cantillo) and Alex Verona (Jay Xcala). He says he is going to kill Chev, removing his new battery pack, but there is someone who will enjoy watching it, and drags Chev over to a white tent in the pool area, where he reveals Ricky Verona's head, being kept alive in a tank by a group of scientists, speaking in a Steven Hawking-like electronic voice. Chev is whipped for Verona's pleasure, and is about to die when Orlando, Venus, and Ria show up, each with their own group of gunfighters, and chaos breaks out. Venus attempts to take El Huron down with nunchakus. Chev smashes open Verona's tank and kicks his head into a pond when it demands water, but starts to slow down. He climbs an electric pylon nearby and grabs the wires to recharge, but is flung off of it upon contact. Venus is fighting El Huron and is about to lose when Chev reappears, still partially on fire from the electricity. He beats El Huron to death (while still burning), and throws his body in the pond next to Ricky's head. In a hallucinogenic state, Chev then tries to hug Ria (thinking she is Eve) but accidentally sets her on fire as well, and she runs off screaming. His flesh burning and his face melting, Chev walks towards the camera, giving the middle finger to the audience in the final moment of the film. During the first part of the credits, Doc Miles places Chev's heart back in (although we don't see what he does with Poon Dong) while Eve watches (due to the fire, Chev is covered in full-body bandages). At first, it looks like a failure, but after everyone leaves, Chev's eyes open, and his heart is heard beating. 
 Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (2001)761) After marrying a poor woman, rich Rahul is disowned by his father and moves to London to build a new life. Years later, his now grown up little brother Rohan embarks on a mission to bring Rahul back home and reunite the family again. Yashvardhan Raichand lives a very wealthy lifestyle along with his wife, Nandini, and two sons, Rahul and Rohan. While Rahul has been adopted, Yashvardhan and Nandini treat him as their own. When their sons mature, they start to look for suitable brides for Rahul, and decide to get him married to a young woman named Naina. When Rahul is told about this, he tells them that he loves another woman by the name of Anjali Sharma. Yashvardhan decides to meet with the Sharma family, and finds out that they are middle-classed, unsophisticated, and will not be able to it into his family circle, as a result he refuses to permit Rahul to marry Anjali. A defiant Rahul decides to leave, gets married to Anjali, without his foster parents blessings, and re-locates to London, England, where Anjali's unmarried sister, Pooja, also lives. Rohan, who was studying in a hostel, returns home to find that Rahul is no longer living with them, and he also discovers that while outwardly his dad is not interested in seeing Rahul get back, Nandini wants the family back all together for all happy and sad moments. Rohan also misses Rahul a lot, and decides to travel to London in order to try and get Rahul to return home. Yashvardhan, is unable to prevent this, and as a result Rohan does travel to London, meets with Rahul, Anjali, and Pooja. The question remains will the hurt and sorrow that Rahul experienced with his foster parents be erased and enable the family to be reunited, or will Rahul forget about the past, and continue to live his life without getting back to his roots and the family who brought him up, leaving Rohan to return alone? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Orthodox Indian, Raichand, would like his two sons to live together with him and his wife, and get married to girls' of his choice. One of his sons, Rahul, is adopted, while Rohan is his real son. Rahul falls in love with a poor Indian girl named Anjali, and incurs the displeasure of Raichand, they argue and fight, as a result Rahul leaves the house, moves to Britain, and settles down. Raichand now focuses his attention on his real son, Rohan, who has no plans to get married, but is determined to bring Rahul and Anjali back home so that they can be together again. Will Raichand permit Rohan to have his way, or will he also ask him to leave the house? Sumitra (corrected by Sonia) Yashwardhan Raichand is a man who has always followed traditions. He believes that the parents take the best decisions for their children. So when his foster son Rahul falls in love with a peppy middle-class girl Anjali, Yashwardhan disowns him. This creates a rift between the two egotistical men. Rahul marries Anjali, moves to London with her and her younger sister Pooja. Years later, Rahul's younger brother Rohan arrives in London, determined to reunite his family. Soumitra Yashovardhan Raichand is well-distinguished extravagantly well-respected man with a foundation of a strong business empire. He lives a lavish lifestyle with his wife Nandini and their two sons Rahul and Rohan. Yash is firm on values, heritage, and traditions of his ancestors, which he tries to pass onto his two sons. Rahul, the eldest son found out at the age of 8 that Raichands had adopted him, which is deeply considers it as a debt for the rest of his life. Every word, wish, and thought becomes charter etched in stone for Rahul, which he would never break. Rahul breaks his charter when he dared to do the unpermissable by his father-fall in love. He falls in love with Anjali who lives the Dehli's discouraged Chandni Chowk with her younger sister Pooja and father Bauji. The day after the death of Bauji, Rahul marries Anjali and brings her home as the new "ghar ki bahu." Yash is broken into pieces and hammers with a speech on Rahul. Rahul's wedding night was the night where he was disowned, considered never in existence by Yash. Rahul leaves the very house where he considered a haven, for what his mother taught him to believe in. Rohan had been sent away to boarding school only to return after graduating from college. When Rohan finds what had, his only goal is to reunite the family. Will he be successful in finding where his best friend brother is settled? Will he manage to convince his stubborn father? gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Yash Raichand is a wealthy business man married to Nandini Raichand and has two sons, Rahul and Rohan. Rahul was adopted since he was born. Rahul falls in love with a poor girl named Anjali but his dad forbids their love, for he has wanted him to marry his friend's daughter. Rahul marries Anjali, so his dad kicks him out of the house and moves to London with Anjali, Pooja (her young sister), and his nanny. Ten years later, Rahul and Anjali have a sum named Krish who is in forth grade. Rohan then graduates from boarding school and insists on reuniting the family together. Will he reunite them again? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham "It's All About Loving Your Parents." Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham is a lavish movie that deals with the issues of class distinction and the roles of women and men in marriage. It opens with a grown Rohan (Hrithik Roshan) finishing his boarding school education and returning to visit his grandmothers before he goes home for Diwali. His grandmothers, haunted by the memory of Rohan's estranged brother, Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan), sit Rohan down, and in their grief, tell him the story of his family. Yashvardhan Raichand (Amitabh Bachchan) is a famous, wealthy Indian businessman. He and his wife Nandini (Jaya Badhuri) adopted a baby, Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan), and raised him as their own. Nine years later they had a natural son, Rohan (Hrithik Roshan), and considered their family complete. Rahul was raised as the beloved eldest son, and promised his father he would always uphold the respect and traditions of the Raichand family, and always do his parents proud. However, love intervenes... On his way to deliver medication for Daijaan, the nanny who raised both him and his brother, Rahul sees a beautiful girl, Anjali Sharma (Kajol) celebrating India's cricket win in the street. Enchanted by her exuberance, he watches her dance and then follows her into her family's sweet shop. There, she mistakes him for the prospective groom of her best friend. Thinking him to be Ashfaque the poet, who is set to marry her friend, Anjali recites her original work, much to Rahul's confusion. She then drags him over to look at the day's paper, where there is a picture of "the big snob" (as she terms him) Yash Raichand and his son. Anjali realizes her mistake too late, and is humiliated. Rahul, however, is highly amused and too taken with the outspoken girl to take any offense. Their repartee is interrupted when Rohan, who has come with Rahul to deliver the medicine, comes running by, chased by local kids, including Anjali's sister Pooja. They refuse to allow him entrance to their town without reciting an extremely complicated tongue-twister, which Rahul is unable to do, so they chase him. In rebuttal, when Pooja shows up at Rohan's school to harass him further, the girls and boys of Rohan's school make fun of Pooja's middle-class appearance, and bring her to tears. Rahul goes out to a party with the neighbor girl Naina (Rani Mukherji), but returns home early, having been bored with the high society life. Naina is the daughter of Yash's best friend, another wealthy businessman, and therefore eminently suited to be Rahul's wife. And since Yash is looking for a bride for Rahul, Naina is his prime candidate. The family is having a quiet evening at home when Rahul returns. Nandini mentions Anjali's friend's wedding. Since the bride is Daijaan's daughter, and Daijaan is a long-time employee of the family, Nandini feels she and Yash should attend. Yash, however, does not agree. He feels that Daijaan's family is not of a high enough class, and therefore he will not attend. Nandini attempts to protest, but Yash overrides her. The subject is closed. Yash goes back to his game with Rohan, who accidentally lets slip that they're planning a surprise birthday party for Yash. Coincidentally, the sweets for the party are provided by Anjali's shop. She and her friend Rukhsar (the future bride), come to the party to serve the sweets, and Rahul is caught by the sight of the girl he remembers dancing in the streets. He and his father dance a big party number (Say Shava Shava), and Anjali gets caught up in the excitement. When Nandini reminds Yash to calm down a little, he starts to sing her an old filmi song to placate her. When he forgets the words, Anjali blurts them out. Rukhsar and Daijaan are appalled at Anjali's rudeness to both an elder and a social superior, and hasten her out of the party. On catching sight of Rahul, Anjali is so distracted she bumps into a vase and smashes it. In complete disgrace, she leaves the party. The next day Daijaan brings Anjali by to apologize to Yash for breaking his "pot," as Anjali calls it, not knowing any better. Anjali makes her apology in her own unique way, interrupted not a few times by Rahul, who, on seeing his love again, creates mischief behind his father's back. Hilarity ensues, and on hearing she has been forgiven, Anjali turns to go, rather less decorously than is proper, and in the process, smashes another "pot." Daijaan rushes her away, and Rahul is left leaning against the doorframe, completely lovestruck. On hearing of her sister's humiliation at Rohan's school, Anjali is outraged, and lectures both her sister and her father on the social ineptitude of rich people, saying, "too much money, too little heart." She vows to seek revenge, and as she backs up to go out the door, she bumps directly into Rahul, who has brought Rohan to apologize. Rahul also asks for Anjali's friendship, and the next day calls up her shop. Anjali answers, saying the shop has sweets for all occasions, including engagements and weddings, to which Rahul says, "both will happen in due time." Anjali blushes red, and Rahul proceeds to invite her to the fair being held in her town. She agrees. Rohan and Pooja go running off at the fair, leaving Anjali and Rahul to their own devices. Rahul tells Anjali that she looks very beautiful with her hair loose. Anjali, clearly unused to such compliments, hurries to distract herself at a stall selling bangles. She picks up green ones, a color traditionally chosen for brides, and Rahul, singing a love song, buys them for her. She retreats, believing he is seducing her with the aim of taking over her sweet shop, but Rahul forestalls her, sliding the bangles slowly onto her wrists, explaining that her shop is not what he is after. They declare their love for each other (Suraj Hua Maddham). Following Yash's refusal to go to Daijaan's daugher's wedding, he sends Rahul in his place. While Rahul is at the wedding, Yash finalizes the engagment arrangements with his best friend, betrothing Rahul to Naina. Rahul, however, at the wedding, dances the night away with Anjali. He returns to find out he is engaged, and in his shock refuses the engagement. Yash is outraged and Naina is deeply hurt, but she at least acknowledges that Rahul is irrevocably in love, and lets him out of his obligation to her. Yash is not so forgiving, and demands that Rahul break things off with Anjali at once. Rahul goes to Anjali's village, and walks straight into a funeral procession, which turns out to be for Anjali's father. At the sight of her grief, he abandons all caution and claims Anjali for his wife at last. He marries her still in her mourning clothing, and takes her and her sister Pooja to London, where they settle into their new life. Rohan, meanwhile, having heard this story, becomes determined to reunite his family. He asks his father for permission to go to London for university, citing the very important point that it is a family tradition. Yash, a firm traditionalist, agrees. In London, Rahul and Anjali have set up house, taking along Daijaan as a sort of mother-substitute. They have had a son, and Pooja lives with them. She too is starting university, and has become a first-class beauty queen, extremely popular and desired. She dresses extremely provocatively, scandalizing Rahul and making Anjali roll her eyes. SHe calls herself Poo, and reigns supreme at her school. The only man who won't turn and give her a second look is a mysterious stranger in a Lamborghini. Intrigued by his indifference, Pooja pursues him until he reveals himself by reciting perfectly the tongue-twister she tormented him with all those years ago (Deewana Hai Dekho). It is Rohan, all grown up, and extremely attractive. Pooja immediately drops her beauty-queen facade and explains her family's situation to Rohan. They become allies; their aim is to reunite their families. They concoct a plan to have Rohan come and stay at the house, under the guise that he is a cousin of her friend's. Rahul is disinclined to have him in the house, to say the least, but Anjali agrees without hesitation when Pooja tells her the new boy is straight from India. MIssing her homeland, Anjali accepts Rohan right away. Rahul takes much longer to warm up to the new boy, but cannot shake the feeling that there is something inherently familiar about him. Rohan introduces himself by his father's name, and Rahul, feeling strangely unsettled, decides he should stay in the house. Daijaan too cannot shake the feeling that she knows this Yash. Much to everyone's surprise, Rohan's presence in the house beings to turn Pooja into a dutiful Indian maiden, and Rahul slowly warms to him. At school, Pooja gets up to her old mischief at prom time, and the only person she'll go with is Rohan, who is completely unimpressed with her. She flits by him one Saturday night all dolled up for the club, and Rohan doesn't bat an eye, but rather points out that her shoes are unmatched. She leaves in a flounce, but Rohan follows her to the club. She abandons her date, and turns to find Rohan standing on the balcony of the club, declaring his love for her (You Are My Soniya). Back in India, Nandini is still mourning the loss of Rahul. Yash recognizes her sorrow but only asks that she "bring back his Nandini," nothing of why she's sad or upset. He only wants things to return to some kind of normalcy. Karwa Chauth approaches, and Rohan's plan progresses. He asks Anjali if she has ever recieved the traditional sweets from her mother-in-law for the holiday, and knowing full well the answer is no, calls up his mother to have her speak to Anjali. Anjali, who is deeply hurt by the fact that she has never recieved these sweets, is touched by Rohan's gesture and by his mother's. Thus the real mother-in-law sends sweets to her real daughter-in-law, and they come one step closer. At the night time party for the breaking of the wives' fast, Pooja reveals that she fasted for Rohan, who is bemused at her devotion, but pleased. He mocks her a little, gently, asking who he is to her. In her pique, she dares him to be a man and reveal to Rahul and Anjali who he really is. He asks what his reward will be if he does, and Pooja answers cryptically. In a roundabout way, without a chorus of "Wah, Wah, Ramji," Rohan sings to his "bhaiyya aur bhabi" and satifies his part of the bet. Pooja then fulfills her end of the bargain by telling him how she feels (Bole Chudiyan). In the course of the song Rohan imagines Yash and Nandini entering the party and accepting Anjali into the fold. It is all imagination, alas, and the song ends with Rahul and Rohan embracing. Rohan has been accepted. To further his plan, Rahul calls up his parents in India and begs them to visit him in London. Yash obliges readily, and Rohan tells him the only way he'll be welcome is if he brings a present. Yash is at a loss as to what to get his son, so Rohan tells him to meet him at the Blue Water Mall in London, where he contrives to bring Anjali and Rahul as well. Yash, unfamiliar with the technology of the day, attempts to find an "iPac" or something of the sort, for Rohan. He wanders off in pursuit of the elusive gizmo, and Rahul walks straight into his mother. Tearfully, silently, Nandini cradles her son, with Anjali and their child looking on. Yash approaches, sees Rahul, and flees. Later that evening he is outraged, striking Rohan for being so presumptuous. It is obvious he has not forgiven Rahul. Rohan, in turn, accuses his father of having a bigger ego than is good for him. Similarly devastated at the day's events, Anjali begs Rahul to go to his parents, go to India, ask forgiveness. Cradling his wife's face, Rahul says simply that she can never understand the pain of going from outcast to family to outcast again, and leaves it at that. Rohan finally reveals who he is and brings his father and brother face-to-face again, where Yash berates his son with tears in his eyes. He says Rahul had no right to leave the family and not look back once, not return even once. Rahul, crying, says he thought his father didn't love him. Yash tells him that fathers never stop loving their sons, no matter what, and Rahul and Anjali are accepted into the family. Rohan and Pooja marry, and all ends well. 
 Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)651) Bridget Jones is determined to improve herself while she looks for love in a year in which she keeps a personal diary. Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is an average woman struggling against her age, her weight, her job, her lack of a man, and her many imperfections. As a New Year's Resolution, Bridget decides to take control of her life, starting by keeping a diary in which she will always tell the complete truth. The fireworks begin when her charming though disreputable boss takes an interest in the quirky Miss Jones. Thrown into the mix are Bridget's band of slightly eccentric friends and a rather disagreeable acquaintance into whom Bridget cannot seem to stop running or help finding quietly attractive. Anuja Varghese <anujav@excite.com> Can a single woman over thirty, who smokes too much, drinks too much, and has a tendency to say whatever comes into her mind, find her place in the world, and a man? Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is an assistant at a London book publisher, feeling time pass her by. When Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant), her boss, starts flirting with her in a vulgar way, she plunges straight in. An affair ensues and she's heals over head. She also keeps running into Mark Darcy (Colin Firth), a reserved even stiff barrister who has known her since she was a child young enough to frolic naked in his wading pool, seems to look down his nose at her, and hates Cleaver (truth is, Daniel may be a bit of a bounder). What are Bridget's choices? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is thirty-two-years-old and can't seem to find the right man. Her mother keeps setting her up with dorks. She and her boss have a sexual attraction, but his character seems less than admirable. She resolves to try harder. Bridget Jones' (Rene Zellweger's) life couldn't get worse. She slept with her boss, is gaining weight, and keeps screwing up in public events. Mark Darcy (Colin Firth) doesn't make it any better, he seems to be everywhere. The stiff top notch lawyer which Bridget can't help, but finds very sexy. From bunny tails, to drunk fits, Bridget seems to be living her life with much "inner poise". XPhantomX Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bridget Jones (adorably played by Renee Zellweger) is an unattached 30-something who realizes she's got to change her life. After a New Year's Eve, she vows that this new year is the one in which she'll get her act together. She'll lose weight, she'll smoke and drink less, and she'll document it all in a diary. Complicating everything is Bridget's attraction to her boss, Daniel Cleaver (played by Hugh Grant), a man of questionable character. They launch an affair and Bridget falls for him head over heels, only to realize later that her feelings aren't reciprocated, when her boss gets engaged to another woman. Thrown into the mix is barrister Mark Darcy (Colin Firth), who admittedly finds Bridget attractive but whom Bridget finds repulsive. It won't be until Bridget clearly sees the truth about Daniel, that she also clearly sees Mark for the man he is, and her feelings for him for what they really are. 