nm0002637:

 Thriller Theater! (2011)Summaries Thirty-something geek Tom Stewart has always loved cheap old horror and monster movies. He's decided to pursue a dream to create a horror host TV show in an age when infomercials are more important to local television stations than original programming. When TV60-WPM gives Tom his chance, his struggle begins, leading to unexpected and unwanted compromises in all aspects of his life. Before long, Tom wonders if the show's slowly growing success is worth the pain it takes to get there...but he doesn't have to shoulder the burdens alone. "Thriller Theater!" is a gently comedic feel-good movie about the struggle to find a balance between "real life" and the pursuit of one's creative dreams. Featuring Steven Warren Hill ("Unknown"), Sophie Aldred (Ace from "Doctor Who"), and Benjamin Nicholson ("Devil in My Ride"). Download/streaming includes movie ONLY. Extras only available on DVD. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Reign of Turner (1989 Video)Summaries Colin Bayker, the star of a popular science fiction television show, is at odds with its producer. Together with disgruntled former stars of the show, Bayker remembers the past injustices caused by the producer and vows to get revenge. Steve Hill <shill@harper.cc.il.us> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unknown (2005)Summaries Nathan Holmes and his girlfriend Ashlee have the perfect life together - a storybook romance - but Nathan is a man possessed by intense and disturbing dreams. His psychiatrist, Dr. Cameron Graye, doesn't seem to be helping, and neither are Nathan's parents, who seem to be holding something back. As Nathan delves deeper into the unknown, he begins distancing himself from everyone, and as life continues to spiral out of control, the line between dreams and reality blurs and not even Nathan knows when he's awake or when he's dreaming. Steven Warren Hill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Realitywarp (1998 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 