nm0004772:

 Toni Braxton: Unbreak My Heart (2016 TV Movie)Summaries The life story of R&B singer-songwriter and producer, Toni Braxton. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 How High (2001)Summaries Two guys by the name of Silas and Jamal decided to one day smoke something magical, which eventually helps them to ace their college entrance exam. Two guys by the name of Silas and Jamal decided to one day smoke something magical, which eventually helps them to ace their college entrance exam. This eventually lands them in Harvard, where they're surrounded by the world of Ivy Leaguers. Although their new lifestyle is much different from back home, they kept on having fun until their supernatural smoke runs out. Now, they are on their own and they have to rely on each other to survive. Michael Ji <jekimerider310@yahoo.com> Drug enthusiast and chemical master Silas and his friend Jamal lose their best friend Ivory to a disturbing pot related dread-lock fire, growing a pot plant in his ashes they use his heavenly connections to hook them up with all the knowledge they need to make it to Harvard... where they change the lives of the up-tight ivy league in the way only good stoner's can Mctoucho@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kingdom Come (2001)Summaries A group of old family members bands together when a despicable family member thankfully expires. This family has issues! When mean and surly Bud Slocumb keels over at breakfast, his family gathers for the wake and funeral: long-suffering widow Raynelle, unemployed son Junior who's cheating on his wife Charisse, son Ray Bud who holds a job and has a loving wife, Lucille, but struggles with alcoholism and with their difficulty having children. There's younger daughter Delightful, who constantly eats; religious Aunt Marguerite and her wayward son Royce; and, there's Juanita, their wealthy cousin's wife. They all descend on the town of Lula, struggle to say something nice about Bud, and face the challenge of sorting out their relationships with the living. <jhailey@hotmail.com> The "mean and surly" patriarch of the Slocum family dies and everyone scrambles to prepare for the wake and funeral. Meanwhile, the dysfunctional aspects of the family fuel the fire of grief and brings to conflict, fighting and ill will to the surface. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon Adventure (2012)Summaries The Oogieloves, Goobie, Zoozie, and Toofie, set out to find five magical balloons that will make their good friend Schluufy's surprise birthday party extra special. It's Schluufy's birthday, and the Oogieloves (Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie), along with their friends J. Edgar, Windy Window and Ruffy, are organizing a party. (Shh! It's a secret.) Everything is going along just perfectly until J. Edgar trips and loses the last five magical balloons in all of Lovelyloveville--OH NO! The Oogiloves set out to find the magical balloons in time to save their friend's party. Along the way, they meet some very interesting characters indeed, including Dotty Rounder (Cloris Leachman), Bobby Wobbly (Carey Elwes), Milky Marvin (Chazz Palminteri), Rosalie Rosebud (Toni Braxton) and Lola and Lero Sombero (Christopher Lloyd and Jaime Pressly). Can these new friends help them recover the magical balloons and get back to the cottage in time to celebrate Schluufy's surprise birthday? Official site It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 