nm0001609:

 Untamed Heart (1993)431) A waitress hardly notices a shy busboy who secretly loves her; until one night she's attacked and he comes to her rescue. From there a relationship sparks but one secret could mean disaster for these fated lovers. Caroline has not had much luck in love. Boyfriends seem to either leave her or cheat on her. Then she meets a shy, introverted man at work named Adam. When leaving work one day, two men attack her. Adam comes to her rescue. Unfortunately, retaliation by the attackers sends Adam to the hospital where he finds out he has a diseased heart. Adam is an orphan and was told he had a baboon's heart. He refuses a transplant, as he believes his love for Caroline is contained in his damaged heart. Before tragedy can strike, they have a passionate but brief romance. Adam opens up to Caroline and he, in turn, heals her broken heart. msdebello@aol.com Twenty-something Caroline, a waitress at Jim's Coffee Shop and Bakery in Minneapolis, has a history of not following through with anything. She also has a history of falling in love too easily with losers, who end up breaking her heart when they eventually and always break up with her. It isn't until he rescues her one late autumn evening from an incident that Caroline really sees for the first time how much Adam, the unassuming and largely silent busboy at the coffee shop, cares for her. Beyond not wanting to tell anyone about the incident out of shame, not even to her best friend, fellow diner waitress Cindy, Caroline slowly begins to let Adam into her life. Over time, Caroline learns bits and pieces about his life, and is able to infer why he is a loner with no family and friends, although she takes one of his stories with a grain of salt. She eventually falls in love with him, as he always has been with her. It isn't until another incident that Caroline learns the true situation behind that story with which she took with a grain of salt. This discovery places the two of them at a crossroads, where Adam would rather risk his life rather than risk losing Caroline's love. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Minneapolis, Minnesota, Caroline (Marisa Tomei) rushes home from her job as a waitress to get ready for a date. When her boyfriend, Steven (Paul Douglas Law), arrives to pick her up, instead of taking her out, he breaks up with her. That night, the broken-hearted Caroline commiserates with her best friend, Cindy (Rosie Perez), and fellow waitress, Mary (Marquetta Senters), at Jim's Bakery and Coffee Shop. Cindy forbids Caroline from calling Steven, and Mary urges her to stop being a doormat. Caroline returns to work the following night and finds Adam (Christian Slater), an attractive but taciturn busboy, wounded in the kitchen. She cleans and bandages the cut in his hand and notices his skin is covered in sap from his day job at a Christmas tree farm. Caroline laments that her parents no longer buy real Christmas trees, opting instead for an artificial one. She points out that Adam never speaks, but doesn't hear him when he whispers "thank you" as she walks away. In the dining room, Caroline finds two men, Howard and Patsy (Kyle Secor and Willie Garson), pounding the cigarette machine and complaining that it "ate" their money. Caroline intervenes, and Howard recognizes her. When he and Patsy sit at a table in Mary's section, they request that Caroline wait on them. As she takes their order, Howard reminds Caroline that they met at a Fourth of July party, where she got drunk and embarrassed herself. After her shift ends at 4:00 a.m., Caroline walks home alone. Howard and Patsy drunkenly speed past her in Howard's car and offer her a ride. Caroline declines. They pursue her on foot. She tries to run, but they team up against her and attack. Howard bangs her head on the ground until she loses consciousness and he prepares to rape her. Suddenly, Adam the busboy appears and stops them from further harming Caroline by brutally beating Howard and Patsy to the ground, then wraps Caroline in his coat and carries her home. He lays her on the front porch swing at her house and watches over her until she wakes up. Caroline jumps when she sees Adam, and he walks away without a word. For the next few days, Caroline calls in sick to work and refuses to talk to anyone about the incident. When she finally returns to the diner, she confronts Adam, asking how he knew where she lived. He admits he has been following her home regularly to make sure she is safe. He apologizes for being late the night she was attacked. Caroline kisses his cheek and thanks him. Later, Caroline asks Cindy what she thinks about Adam. Cindy admits he is attractive but laments that he is weird and never speaks. She pesters Caroline about her lack of follow-through with various projects, including opening a flower shop and going to beauty school. When her shift is over at 2:00 a.m., Caroline waits for her younger brother, Michael, to pick her up, but he never shows. She starts to walk home alone but sees Adam in the parking lot, and they walk together. He points out constellations and explains that shooting stars are meteors falling to Earth. He shows Caroline his basement apartment, but she becomes nervous when she finds a photograph of herself that Adam took from the diner. Two days later, on Christmas morning, Caroline wakes up to discover a real Christmas tree in her bedroom. She bakes cookies and takes them to Adam's apartment to thank him for the tree. He shows her his collection of old records, given to him by a nun named Mother Camilla at the orphanage where he grew up. He claims the records are magical and tells her about his sickly childhood, and how Mother Camilla told him his late father was an adventurer who stole enchanted rubies to cure Adam's heart condition. His father was killed by a "baboon king," but when the animal learned of Adam's illness, it removed its own heart and put it in the boy's chest. Caroline is shocked that Adam still believes Mother Camilla's story, but admits it is charming. She offers to cut his hair short and brings him back to her house. Adam recalls feeling alienated as a child, when he had to be quarantined, and says he has never been good with people. As she combs his hair, Caroline talks about her tendency to chase after love. Adam reaches out and touches her breast. She stops combing and leads him to her bedroom, where they undress. Adam breaks into tears, and Caroline consoles him. She whispers that she is going to fall in love with him and promises to give him her heart. Back at work, Caroline invites Adam to her parents' New Years Eve party. When he arrives, he spends two hours with Caroline's cat on the front porch. She finds him outside and makes a wish on a star, but Adam points out that she is wishing on Mars. At midnight, they kiss. Another few days later, Caroline goes ice-skating with Cindy, who is skeptical when Caroline admits she has been dating Adam. Caroline reveals that when she was attacked and nearly raped and that Adam saved her, but Cindy still believes Caroline might be selling herself short. She persuades Caroline to go on a blind date with a man named Ronnie. However, on a double date with Cindy and her boyfriend, Caroline expresses no interest in Ronnie. They end up at the diner, where Caroline goes in search of Adam just as he is attacked by Howard and Patsy in the parking lot. Adam stumbles inside the diner with a stab wound in his abdomen. Frantic, Caroline accompanies him to the hospital, where a doctor tells her Adam has congenital heart disease and is in need of a transplant. Caroline identifies Howard and Patsy in a police line-up. Another day or two later, Caroline takes a beauty school exam but is too distracted and storms out. Adam flees the hospital and surprises Caroline at home. She mentions that he needs a heart transplant or he will die very soon, but Adam rejects the idea, insisting he must keep his heart. He worries that he will not love Caroline the same way if he gets a different one, but she assures him he loves with his mind and soul. Sometime later, Caroline takes Adam to an ice hockey game for his 25th birthday. They have a great time, and on the drive home, Adam falls asleep. When they arrive at his apartment, Caroline discovers Adam is dead. At his funeral, Caroline tells Cindy Adam was the only thing she did not give up on, and claims he was an angel. She goes to his apartment and finds a gift he planned to give to her on his birthday: his box of records, with a note telling her he no longer needs them because all of his wishes have come true. Caroline listens to one of the records and smiles. 
 White Men Can't Jump (1992)Summaries Black and white basketball hustlers join forces to double their chances of winning money on the street courts and in a basketball tournament. Billy and Sydney think they're the best basketball hustlers in town, so when they join forces, nothing can stop them, except each other. To add to their problems, Billy owes money and is being chased by a pair of gangster types. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fearless (1993)Summaries A man's personality is dramatically changed after surviving a major airline crash. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. Reid Gagle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Birds of Prey (2020)541) After splitting with the Joker, Harley Quinn joins superheroines Black Canary, Huntress and Renee Montoya to save a young girl from an evil crime lord. A twisted tale told by Harley Quinn herself, when Gotham's most nefariously narcissistic villain, Roman Sionis, and his zealous right-hand, Zsasz, put a target on a young girl named Cass, the city is turned upside down looking for her. Harley, Huntress, Black Canary and Renee Montoya's paths collide, and the unlikely foursome have no choice but to team up to take Roman down. After her painful breakup with Joker, shortly after the battle with the Enchantress in Suicide Squad (2016) , the already unhinged and extremely volatile Harley Quinn finds herself all alone. But, with her mentor out of the picture and a huge target on her back, Harley locks horns with Gotham City's ruthless crime lord, Roman Sionis, who's trying to track down a precious diamond and the audacious pickpocket, Cassandra Cain. Now, on the hunt for the teen street hustler and the gemstone, Quinn crosses paths with singer, Dinah Lance, Detective Renee Montoya, and a mysterious crossbow-wielding murderess who are all also after the girl, as Roman's top assassin, Victor Zsasz, is bent on getting Cain first. Can Harley take down the brutal super-villain known only as the Black Mask? Nick Riganas In Gotham City, the Joker breaks up with Harley Quinn and without his protection, several criminals that have a beef with her hunt her down. When the teenager Cassandra Cain pickpockets a diamond that has the account numbers of a fortune from the gangster Victor Zsasz, who is the right-hand of the powerful criminal Roman Sionis, he put a contract on her. Harley Quinn, Police Detective Renee Montoya, Helena "The Huntress" Bertinelli and Dinah "Black Canary" Lance team up to protect Cassandra. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) telling her story from the beginning through an animated intro. As a child, her deadbeat alcoholic dad tried to get rid of her multiple times until he finally dumped her at a Catholic girls school. Harley was always a troublemaker, but she got educated and earned a PhD, becoming a psychologist. That's where she met The Joker and fell in love, leading her to go from Harleen Quinzel to Harley Quinn. However, they have recently broken up since he helped her escape from prison (shown at the end of the previous film 'Suicide Squad'), and despite Harley saying she was fine, she does not take it well and ends up staying alone in a crummy apartment with a hyena she adopted and named Bruce (after Bruce Wayne). Harley goes to the Black Mask club where she gets plastered (drunk) and annoys a nearby thug who insults her. She ends up smashing his leg, and is told by the club's owner, Roman Sionis/Black Mask (Ewan McGregor), that that was his driver. He does nothing because Harley hasn't told anybody that she and Joker are broken up, since them being a couple gave her immunity from the wrath of Gotham's other thugs. Harley is out with other women whom she overhears saying that she's nothing without Joker and that she'll go running back to him soon enough. Harley decides to challenge this by driving a truck into Ace Chemicals where she and Joker used to stay, obliterating the plant into an explosion of fireworks. Moments before this, Detective Renee Montoya (Rosie Perez) is investigating what appears to be a mob hit at a restaurant. A flashback shows Helena Bertinelli/Huntress (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) killing the men inside with a crossbow, which has earned her the alias, "The Crossbow Killer." Montoya then hears the chemical plant explosion and goes to find Harley's J necklace, which is a clear sign to both cops and criminals that she and Joker are no more, meaning Harley has just declared open season on herself. Among the criminals that want Harley dead are Roman and his best friend/right hand man Victor Zsasz (Chris Messina), a psychopath who carves a tally on his body for every one of his victims. They are shown torturing the Keo family and cutting their faces off. Harley is getting her "perfect egg sandwich", but Montoya and a few other pissed off crooks find and go after her. Montoya tackles Harley and causes her to drop her sandwich into the street, which devastated Harley. When it seems like she's cornered, she throws a bag of garbage at Montoya, which blindsides one crook and causes him to shoot an incoming truck-driving crook, allowing Harley to get away. Unfortunately, she runs into a large thug that she and Joker face-tattooed, but before he can get her, he is killed by Helena on her motorcycle. Harley is then surrounded by Roman's thugs. Montoya returns to the police station where she is mocked by other officers. She meets with Captain Patrick Erickson (Steven Williams), who was her former partner that took credit for her hard work and got promoted, and District Attorney Ellen Yee (Ali Wong), who is also Montoya's ex. She is building a case against Roman but doesn't have much support from either of them. Montoya is then brought to Cassandra Cain (Ella Jay Basco), a young girl brought in for pick pocketing. Montoya then gets a call from Dinah Lance/Black Canary (Jurnee Smollett-Bell), saying that Cass has a diamond with her. Soon, Harley comes in and tries to go after Cass, but she realizes she is getting ahead of herself in the story. A week earlier at the club, Roman was telling Mr. Keo (Francois Chau) about the Bertinelli Diamond, which contains codes to their massive fortune and is now in Roman's possession. The diamond was also the reason Helena's whole family was slaughtered. Keo refused to work with Roman, which is what later leads to the demise of him and his family. Dinah works at the club as a singer, noted for her beautiful voice. She later talks to a drunken Harley, who admits to her that she and Joker broke up. Harley then drinks with another man who later tries to abduct her. Dinah sees this and beats up the man and his buddies. Roman observes this from his window and is impressed, and he has Zsasz bring Dinah up so he can hire her as his new driver. This leads Montoya to try and get info from Dinah on Roman, but she refuses to help. Dinah knows Cass because they live in the same building, and Dinah has a soft spot for Cass since she knows she lives with abusive foster parents. Later on, Cass picks Zsasz's pocket and steals the diamond, just before she is arrested for other stuff she stole. Just after Harley gets away from Montoya, Roman's guys capture her. She knows he had a long list of grievances against her (such as "voting for Bernie, pronouncing it 'expresso', and calling him Romey"). Roman smacks Harley around, at which point she has a fantasy about herself as Marilyn Monroe in a "Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend" sequence. Before Roman can have Harley killed, he learns from Zsasz that the diamond is gone. Harley offers a chance to recover the diamond, which Roman agrees to. After she leaves, he orders a bounty on Cass. Cut to Harley attacking the police station with colored smoke and confetti bombs. She breaks Cass out but also lets loose other crooks who want to kill her. Harley fights them all on her own, with a little help from Cass, utilizing a baseball bat and lighter, among other things. More goons who want Cass and the diamond shows up, and after inhaling some coke, Harley kills them. She escapes the station with Cass in tow and takes her somewhere safe. Roman learns that Harley and Cass got away from his goons. He loses his shit and spots a woman, Erika (Bojana Novakovic), in his club laughing, and Zsasz convinces Roman that she is laughing at him. He orders Erika to dance on the table and to take off her dress, going as far as to order her friend to cut it off of her. This shows Dinah just how monstrous Roman is. Harley learns that Cass swallowed the diamond and goes to a supermarket to buy laxatives, warning her that anyone else will have no problem cutting it out of her. They rob their supplies and go back to Harley's apartment, which is above a Taiwanese restaurant run by Doc (Dana Lee), a kindly man who keeps Harley safe. After Harley and Cass go upstairs, Helena approaches Doc to ask for Harley. Harley then cuts to Helena's backstory: after her family was murdered by mob boss Stefano Galante (Roberto Catrini), one of Galante's goons saw that she survived but took her away to Sicily to stay with his brother and father. They trained Helena to become the killer that she is now. She killed Galante, and the mob guys from earlier were the firing squad that killed her family. Zsasz is the last name on her list. Back at the police station, Montoya finds out that Yee went behind her back and told Erickson that she stole evidence from a crime scene. Erickson suspends Montoya. Harley's apartment comes under attack by one of Roman's goons. The place gets blown up, and Bruce goes missing. Harley learns that Doc sold her out to Roman's goons because they paid him well. Harley then contacts Roman and offers to trade Cass in exchange for immunity. He agreed and has Dinah drive Zsasz to meet them, but Zsasz spots a text exchange between Dinah and Montoya to let her know where they are headed. He informs Roman, who becomes upset and puts on his Black Mask. Harley arranges to be met at an amusement park in a spot called the Booby Trap where she used to hide with Joker. Cass learns about the betrayal as Harley straps her to a toilet so she can pass the diamond. Montoya shows up first and fights Harley, nearly taking her in until Harley uncuffs herself and kicks Montoya out of the building. Dinah and Zsasz show up, but Zsasz hits Harley with a tranquilizer and prepares to kill her. Helena shows up and shoots Zsasz in the neck with an arrow, killing him. The ladies then confront each other until they see Roman show up outside with a whole army of thugs. Knowing that he has a bone to pick with all of them, Harley suggests they team up to fight them all. They reluctantly agree and grab a bunch of old weapons (mallet for Harley, bat for Dinah, brass knuckles for Montoya, etc) and head off to fight. They smash and bash their way through a bunch of goons before Roman manages to kidnap Cass. The ladies are cornered by armed goons until Dinah lets out a supersonic scream to take them down and allow Harley to go after Roman on roller blades. Harley chases Roman and gets knocked over by other goons. Helena rides by and gives Harley a pull, managing to kill those other goons before causing Roman's car to crash. He takes Cass to the pier and tries to taunt Harley, saying she needs him. She hits back that the criminals in Gotham should fear her, not him or Joker. Before Roman can hurt Cass, she reveals she planted a grenade on him and pulled the pin out. Harley throws Roman off the pier where he explodes into bloody chunks before hitting the water. The others join Harley and Cass, relieved that Roman is now gone. The next morning, the ladies gather for tacos and margaritas. Cass goes to pass the diamond, but she and Harley just steal Dinah's car and ride off. Later on, Erickson once again takes credit for Montoya's work in bringing down Roman and his empire. She quits the GCPD and joins Dinah and Helena to form the Birds of Prey using the money in the Bertinelli accounts. Harley and Cass pawn the diamond and ride away with Bruce (who turned up alive), with Harley taking Cass on as her apprentice. Harley says she may be a softie, but she dares anyone else to call her that. After the credits: Harley's voice can be heard getting ready to tell the audience a big secret about Batman... only for the audio to cut off. 