nm0010503:

 Broadway's Finest (2012)Summaries Broadway's Finest is a diverting story about three struggling men who impersonate New York City under cover cops and chase down a notorious drug dealer in order to create their own cutting edge police drama. Desperate for success, they enter the dangerous world of undercover police work to get the authentic material they need to create their show. As the exploits of the ill-prepared detectives get them deeper and deeper into the case, they are driven to extremes. Do these guys really know what they're playing with? Will they survive the dangers of the street? Things are rarely what they seem in this gritty dramatic comedy. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ramat Aviv Gimmel (19951999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Last Patrol (2000)Summaries After a massive earthquake destroys Los Angeles, a new order is formed. But disagreement among the ranks leads to more war and disruption, and The Last Patrol must bring order if there's to be any hope for the future. An earthquake measuring 9.5 on the Richter Scale splits California into an island with a perpetual dustcloud hanging over it. The survivors of the terrible ordeal have started to come together in the shape of Nick Preston (Dolph Lundgren) an air force captain, and other fractions of the military, including Sarah McBride and Lucky Simcoe, and have situated themselves in a warfare junkyard, holding weaponry from forgotten conflicts. They are searching for food, fuel and fellow survivors, and a possible path into the next world, while also dodging a violent plague that causes the skin to boil. <tgraham@currantbun.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Cyborg: Steel Warrior (1993)Summaries After a devastating nuclear war, the last fertile woman on Earth joins forces with a tough renegade warrior to fight a team of deadly cyborgs and save the human race from extinction. After the nuclear war people are sterile and ruled by the artifical intelligences they created in this violent world. The only woman who was able to give life to a child has to take the child through the dangerous city to the ship to save it. She is followed by an immortal killer robot through all the dangers, and only one guy tries to help her survive and protect her from the killing machine. Peter Gervai <grin@exabit.hu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 