nm0001393:

 Au Revoir les Enfants (1987)55) A French boarding school run by priests seems to be a haven from World War II until a new student arrives. He becomes the roommate of the top student in his class. Rivals at first, the roommates form a bond and share a secret. In 1944, upper class boy Julien Quentin and his brother Franois travel to Catholic boarding school in the countryside after vacations. Julien is a leader and good student and when the new student Jean Bonnet arrives in the school, they have friction in their relationship. However, Julien learns to respect Jean and discovers that he is Jewish and the priests are hiding him from the Nazis. They become best friends and Julien keeps the secret. When the priest Jean discovers that the servant Joseph is stealing supplies from the school to sell in the black market, he fires the youth. Sooner the Gestapo arrives at school to investigate the students and the priests that run and work in the boarding school. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The story of a young Jewish boy, Jean Kippelstein aka Jean Bonnet, living under a false identity in a Catholic residential school in Nazi-occupied France. The headmaster knows of his background and is part of the conspiracy to protect him. Jean befriends a classmate, Julien Quentin. who learns of Jean's secret but keeps that information to himself. When Jean's true identity is revealed, the boy, the headmaster and others are taken away by the Gestapo, never to be seen again. Semi-autobiographical account of director Louis Malle 's life at boarding school during World War II. garykmcd January, 1944 in Nazi-occupied France. From their Paris home, preteen Julien Quentin and his older, teenaged brother Franois Quentin have just returned to the all-boys boarding school at St. Jean de la Croix - a Carmelite convent - following the Christmas break. Outwardly, they are sent to boarding school because of the war, which is not to say that they may have been sent there regardless by their overbearing mother and absentee father, who they have not seen in two years as he works in Lille. Julien, generally looked up to by his classmates and respected by his teachers, likes to appear tough to his classmates, while in reality he is closer to being a scared little boy, a side of himself he is not afraid to show to his mother. A manifestation of the child side of himself is that he still occasionally wets his bed, something he hides in cleaning up before others awaken. The direct day-to-day issues of the war generally do not enter the school, and as such the boys are generally able to act like boys: they roughhouse (largely under the supervision of the teachers), and take advantage of getting care packages from home - which they are supposed to share in the Christian spirit - to trade with Joseph, an older boy who works in the kitchen, for things they really want, such as cigarettes. This term, three new boys enter the school, one, Jean Bonnet, who is the same age as Julien and as such is assigned to Julien's class. Jean is Protestant and is therefore exempt from many of the Catholic rituals of the convent, such as communion. Beyond his name being easy to ridicule ("Easter bonnet"), Jean is treated as an outsider by his classmates due to his reserved nature. However, Julien slowly begins to see in Jean aspects of himself, that familiarity which eventually blossoms into a friendship between the two boys. That friendship is strengthened when Julien learns the secret reason behind Jean being at the school. This term will also show Julien what the Nazi persecution means to general French life, events at the school which will be part of him for the rest of his life. Huggo At a Carmelite boarding school, rebellious twelve-year-old Julien is leading a safe childhood, protected from the horrors of war and the turmoil raging in German-occupied France. The arrival of a new student, the reserved but brilliant Jean, immediately sparks an intense rivalry between the two boys, paving the way for a strong bond, and a true friendship. However, more and more, Julien begins to suspect that there is more to his new best friend than meets the eye and that he is harbouring an unexpected secret; one that must be kept under wraps at all costs, as the Nazis arrive at their door. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Three Colors: Red (1994)321) A model discovers a retired judge is keen on invading people's privacy. Valentine is a young model living in Geneva. Because of a dog she ran over, she meets a retired judge who spies his neighbours' phone calls, not for money but to feed his cynicism. The film is the story of relationships between some human beings, Valentine and the judge, but also other people who may not be aware of the relationship they have with Valentine or/and the old judge. Redemption, forgiveness and compassion... Yepok Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with clips that track a telephone call between London and Geneva, where a French university student and part-time model, Valentine Dusot (Irne Jacob), is talking to her emotionally infantile but possessive boyfriend. During her work as a model, she poses for a chewing-gum campaign, during the photo shoot the photographer asks her to look very sad. While walking back home Auguste, a neighbor of Valentine's, drops a set of books and he notices that a particular chapter of the Criminial Code was open at random and he concentrates on that passage. While driving back to her apartment, Valentine accidentally runs over a dog. She tracks down the owner, a reclusive retired judge, Joseph Kern (Jean-Louis Trintignant). He seems unconcerned by the accident or the injuries sustained by Rita, his dog. Valentine takes Rita to a veterinarian, where she learns that Rita is pregnant. Valentine takes the dog home. The next day, she talks to her boyfriend over the phone and relates how she came to acquire the dog. He becomes angry since they initially met when she ran over his dog accidentally some years before, and wants her to take the dog back. While walking Rita, the dog runs off again and Valentine figures that it went home to Kern, where she finally finds the dog. He says that Rita is now hers since he wishes for nothing in life. Earlier that day she had received a lot of money in the mail and she figures out that it was Kern who sent her the money to pay for the veterinarian's bill, but he got the amount wrong. Kern goes inside to get some change but does not come back out. Valentine wanders into his house and finds him listening to his neighbors' private telephone conversations. Valentine is appalled and threatens to denounce Kern to his neighbors. Kern challenges her to do this and points out one neighbor's residence. At first, she goes to do so, but does not tell them anything, seeing that their daughter is also listening in on the conversation. She goes back to Kern and asks him to stop eavesdroping but he replies that he has been doing it all his life, but now he knows where to find the truth. Kern points out an attractive man to Valentine in his window. He suspects him to run the entire heroin market in Geneva but cannot hear his calls because he uses a Japanese phone. Valentine insults him and Kern concludes that she has a strong feeling against drugs, and after a bit of conversation Kern figures out that Valentine's feelings towards drugs stem from a piece of news in her paper and a photo of a young man, her brother, who discovered that he is not his father's son and has been using drugs for a year. Kern tells her that it shall make no difference that she denounces him for his spying, the people's lives he listens to shall eventually turn into hell. She leaves saying that she feels nothing but pity for him. While visiting Kern, Valentine also hears a conversation between Karin and Auguste, where they discuss if they should go bowling. Valentine covers her ears, but from the very little she heard she concludes that they love each other. Kern disagrees. That evening Valentine is alone at home and hopes that her boyfriend shall call but it is the photographer who calls, saying that her poster was set up that evening and asks her bowling to celebrate. Meanwhile, Auguste takes his exam and passes it and becomes a judge. Karin asks him if he was asked any questions regarding the article that was open when he dropped his books. Auguste says 'yes'. Karin gives him a fountain pen as a gift and he wonders what the first judgment he signs with it will be. That evening, Kern writes a series of letters to his neighbors and denounces himself, and the community files a class action suit against him. At the law courts, he sees Karin meeting another man. Earlier, Auguste had missed a call from Karin and tried to call her back but never hears from her again. Valentine reads in her paper a piece of news about a retired judge that spied on his neighbors and she goes to Kern telling him that she said nothing to anybody. He confesses that it was him just to see what she would do. He asks her in and shows her that Rita has had seven puppies. They discuss that on their last conversation she spoke about pity but he later realized that it was actually disgust. He wonders about the reasons why people obey laws and it turns out that often it is more on selfish grounds and from fear than about obeying the law or being decent. It is his birthday and they have a couple of drinks. During their conversation he reminisces about a sailor he acquitted a long time ago, only later realizing he had made a mistake, and that the man was guilty. However the man later married and had children and later grandchildren and lives peacefully and happy. Valentine says that he did what he had to do, but Kern wonders how many other people that he acquitted or condemned might have seen a different life had he decided otherwise; he sympathizes with them and with his neighbors who have been throwing stones at his windows, saying that in their circumstances and being them he might have done the same, but in his role as judge he never stepped out of his shoes and never really understood other people. He also suggests that being in a position of deciding what is truth and what is not is a lack of modesty and vanity on behalf of humankind. When the conversation turns to Kerns' past romantic life he avoids the question by telling her about a dream he had about her. Valentine tells Kern about her intended trip to England to visit her boyfriend. Kern suggests that she take the ferry. Meanwhile, Auguste is unable to reach his girlfriend Karin since graduation. One evening he goes to her place and sees her legs wrapped around another man. Distraught, he leaves. By chance Auguste sees Karin and her new boyfriend in a restaurant, he gets her attention but when she rushes outside to try to explain he hides from her. Kern calls Karin's personalized weather service and inquires about the weather in the English Channel, which she expects to be perfect as she is about to take a trip there (with her new boyfriend who owns a boat). The day before Valentine leaves, she invites Kern to a fashion show where she is modeling. After the show, they speak about the dream he had about her, where she was 50 years old and happy with an unidentified man. The conversation then turns to him and the reasons why he disliked Karin. Kern reveals that before becoming a judge, he was in love with a woman very much like Karin, who betrayed him for another man. While preparing for his exam he once went to the same theater where the fashion show took place and he accidentally dropped one of his books. When he picked it up, Kern studied the chapter where the book accidentally opened, which turned out to be the crucial question at his examination. When he broke up with his girlfriend he followed her across the English Channel but never saw her again, because she died in an accident. Later, he was assigned to judge a case where the defendant was the same man who took his girlfriend from him. Regardless of this connection, Kern did not recuse himself from the case, since the connection was only known to him and condemned the man, the judgment was legal but he subsequently resigned his post. Valentine takes her ferry to England, and Auguste is also on the ferry, although the two never quite meet each other. Suddenly a storm rises and sinks both the ferry and the boat with Karin and her boyfriend. In the final scene, Judge Kern views a newsreel report about the sinking, and learns that of the 1,435 passengers and crew, only seven survivors were rescued. By coincidence the survivors are the main characters from the first two films of the trilogy; Julie and Olivier from 'Blue'; Karol and Dominique from 'White'; and Valentine and Auguste, who finally meet for the first time, as well as an English bartender named Stephen Killian. As with the other movies, the film's final sequence shows a character crying - in this case, the judge - over the events that has transpired... but the final image replicates the iconic chewing-gum poster of Valentine. 
 U.S. Marshals (1998)761) U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard and his team of Marshals are assigned to track down Sheridan, who has been accused of a double-murder. When a prisoner transport plane crashes, one prisoner, Mark Sheridan, skillfully escapes and saves lives at the same time. Deputy Sam Gerard and his team of U.S. Marshals pursue relentlessly, but Gerard begins to suspect that there is more to the exceptional fugitive than what he has been told. Meanwhile, Sheridan struggles to avoid capture while seeking answers of his own. Until the final scene, both Gerard and Sheridan are in jeopardy of the unknown. OBGriffiths@yahoo.com On the initial segment to Memphis, a Chicago to New York bound prisoner transport plane is forced to make an emergency crash landing due to an incident among two of the prisoners on board. In the aftermath of the crash, all aboard are accounted for, except a prisoner named Mark Roberts - one of the two involved in the incident - who is on the run. Roberts, a tow truck driver, was the victim in a serious vehicular accident, the subsequent search finding him to have a concealed firearm and his fingerprints matching those of the person who shot and killed two federal agents. Since being charged, Roberts has plead his innocence, he who believes he is a case of mistaken identity. Chicago-based marshal Sam Gerard, who was on that flight, and his team are placed in charge of tracking down Roberts. Because of the sensitivity of the case, the feds decide to place their own man on Gerard's team, John Royce, who volunteered for this assignment due to his friendship with Roberts' two victims. As the seeming antithesis to each other, Gerard doesn't take too kindly to Royce being placed on his team. In reality, Roberts believes he was framed for the murders in his secret pre-driver life, of which his serious girlfriend, a barista named Marie, knows nothing. He actually knows more about the situation involving the murders than he divulged, his current mission, beyond escaping capture, to find out who framed him and why. Meantime, with more and more evidence in tracking Roberts, Gerard increasingly believes that all with Roberts is not what it appears on the surface, he still determined to do his job to capture Roberts before Roberts exacts his own form of revenge against his framer. Huggo When a prisoner transport plane carrying Deputy Sam Gerard as an escort crashes, one prisoner, Mark Sheridan helps him rescue some trapped prisoners and then escapes himself. Gerard and his crack team of U.S. Marshals start their pursuit, but the simple fugitive situation soon gets more complicated when Gerard learns that Sheridan is no mere criminal and the story behind his incrimination becomes more and more suspicious. At the same time, Mark Sheridan is out to find out the truth himself while keeping one step ahead of Gerard Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Mark J. Sheridan was in New York working for his agency to try to find out what the Chinese intelligence is planning. But, out of defending himself, he killed 2 Agents trying to find a mole in the agency. So, he flees to escape from his agency who suspects him of cold blood murder and espionage. While suffering a car accident in Chicago, Sheridan was arrested and escorted on a prison transport via airplane. Sheridan's plane crashes along the way to prison. When, police do not find Sheridan after the crash. They call upon Chicago's famed U.S. Marshal Samuel Gerard and his team of other Marshals to find and catch him. But, they will soon realize that they will be a part of the mole hunt and Sheridan's own investigation. Joh Wiggins U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a planeload of convicts from Chicago to New York. The plane crashes spectacularly, and Mark Sheridan escapes. But when Diplomatic Security Agent John Royce is assigned to help Gerard recapture Sheridan, it becomes clear that Sheridan is more than just another murderer. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with closed-circuit television footage of an exchange between two men taking place in a parking garage, which appears to be foiled by agents of the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Security Service (DSS). The two agents appear to be shot and killed by one of the two men making the meeting. The scene cuts to Chicago, where a tow truck driver named Mark Warren (Wesley Snipes) is driving down a highway while he returns a car to an impound lot. He suddenly has to swerve to avoid a distracted driver, and loses control of his truck. The truck crashes through several construction barriers, then is launched into the air and turned over its side as it skids into an intersection. Warren survives, although his left arm is broken in the accident. Within minutes, the police and the fire department arrive to extricate Warren from the truck. While Warren is being carted away in an ambulance, a firefighter makes an unusual discovery: a gun stashed inside the truck, velcroed underneath the dashboard. We cut to a South Side neighborhood, where a group of US Marshals led by Deputy Marshal Samuel Gerard (Tommy Lee Jones) along with his team, comprised of Cosmo Renfro (Joe Pantoliano), Bobby Biggs (Daniel Roebuck), Noah Newman (Tom Wood), and Savannah Cooper (LaTanya Richardson), are staking out an apartment building where they believe two fugitive brothers, Michael and Greg Conroy, who escaped from a Tennessee state prison are hiding with their girlfriends. Gerard is stationed on a street corner, disguised as a chicken mascot offering free samples to passerby while advertising his food truck parked on the corner. Biggs is stationed nearby, disguised as a construction worker, as is Renfro. Newman and Cooper are stationed behind the building. While acting his part, Gerard sees a stationwagon pulls up and park outside the building. He watches as the fugitive brothers and their girlfriends climb out of the car and head inside with groceries. Once they're inside, he starts walking towards the building, removing his chicken feet and head and producing his pistol, and is joined by Biggs and Renfro. They advance up to the front door of the suspected hideout. On Gerard's signal, Biggs smashes the door open with a sledgehammer. Biggs and Renfro immediately draw their guns on Michael, who immediately fights back as they try to secure handcuffs on him. Gerard gets attacked by the girlfriends when they try to intervene, but he manages to overpower both of them. Greg Conroy attempts to flee out the back door, only for Newman and Cooper to burst in and pin him to the wall. His infant son starts crying and he immediately makes a move for the baby's crib, ostensibly to comfort it. However, Newman shoots him in the shoulder as he tries to draw a shotgun. Gerard picks up the shotgun and manages to use it to briefly hold Michael, who's been trying to fight off Renfro and Biggs this whole time, at bay. Renfro starts to secure the handcuffs on Michael, who suddenly yells in pain and bites Biggs's left shoulder, forcing Gerard to crack him over the head with the butt of the shotgun. Gerard and his men later celebrate the arrest of the Conroy brothers at a bar, as they watch a newscast of the brothers being led to the courthouse in handcuffs. Both brothers have made excessive force complaints against Gerard, with Michael having required 27 stitches after Gerard struck him with the shotgun. Meanwhile, Mark Warren is taken to Chicago Memorial Hospital, where his left arm is put in a cast and he is given a neck brace as support. His girlfriend Marie Bineaux (Irne Jacob) is there waiting to pick him up when he's released, as she pays for Warren's bill in cash. One of the police officers from the scene of the accident is also there, ready to pick up Warren on an illegal gun possession charge due to the gun found in the truck (thanks to Chicago's strict gun laws). The moment Warren is released from the hospital, the Chicago Police immediately arrest Warren and take him into custody. Warren is taken to an interrogation room, where three detectives show up to question him. The lead detective informs Warren that there's been a slight discrepancy: his name flags a white man with long hair. When asked if he's aware of the strict gun laws Chicago imposes, Warren dismisses it by asking, "You ever try towin' a car on the Dan Ryan at three o'clock in the morning without a handgun?" The detective then asks Warren if he's ever been to East 42nd Street and First Avenue in New York City, the scene of a brutal double homicide the previous December. Warren denies it, but the detective then reveals that Warren's fingerprints flagged him as Mark Roberts, the man wanted on a federal arrest warrant for the murders, and his prints were found at the crime scene. Warren/Roberts immediately demands to talk to a lawyer, and has to be restrained by the other two detectives, which as it turns out is a ploy as he uses the distraction to snap the glasses frames belonging to the lead detective. That evening, Gerard attends a party with his date, newscaster Stacia Vela. In actuality, he is attending because he's been summoned by his boss, Marshal Katherine Walsh (Kate Nelligan). Walsh reprimands Gerard for his actions during the arrest of the Conroy brothers, since the brothers are accusing Gerard of police brutality. As discipline, and damage control, she orders him to personally escort the Conroys back to Tennessee on a federal prison transport plane. Gerard reports that night to the airfield where the prison transport plane is awaiting departure. Several prisoners are loaded onto the aircraft, including the Conroy brothers, and Mark Roberts. Once on board, each prisoner is buckled in by a guard, with additional shackles being used to secure their legs to the floor. Around midnight, the aircraft takes off, headed first for Memphis, then for New York City. The flight is uneventful until about 20 minutes prior to landing, when Vincent Ling, a Chinese mob assassin being returned to prison after losing an appeal, suddenly asks to use the lavatory. One of the guards releases the leg shackles on Ling's feet and walks him back to the toilet. Ling sits down and pretends to use the toilet. In actuality, the toilet trip is a ruse for him to grab a zipgun disguised as a ballpoint pen that's been planted inside a roll of toilet paper. While that's happening, Roberts begins to use the piece of glasses frame (which he's smuggled on inside his plaster cast) to pick at his handcuffs. As Ling is being escorted back to his seat, he produces the zipgun and tries to shoot Roberts. However, Roberts deflects the aim, and the bullet pierces a window, causing an explosive decompression that sucks Ling and a prison guard out of the plane. The plane immediately goes into a dive as the pilots struggle to regain control of the plane. They are forced to ditch the plane on a narrow country road somewhere in Kentucky. The plane touches down smoothly, but then the left wing clips a row of power line poles, and eventually breaks off. What's left of the plane then rolls off the road, and down a hill into the river, where it comes to a rest upside down. As survivors are evacuated, Roberts escapes into the night. Gerard issues a manhunt for the escapee. DSS Director Bertram Lamb assigns DSS Special Agent John Royce to join Gerard's team. Gerard inspects Royce's firearm and dismissively insists Royce replace it with a Glock. Roberts is tracked by the team to a swamp, where he takes Royce's gun and shoots Gerard with it, who is wearing a bulletproof vest, allowing him to escape. After traveling to New York City and securing money, weapons and fake identification, Roberts tails Chinese diplomat Xiang Chen, the other man from the parking garage. In Chicago, Gerard and the Marshals pursue several leads, including Roberts' girlfriend Marie Bineaux. Roberts secretly contacts Bineaux to explain that he secretly worked for the government and was ambushed during a routine exchange, killing the men before realizing they were DSS agents. The Marshals track the airplane mechanic who was bribed to hide the zip gun and discover that he has been murdered by Chen. Gerard acquires the surveillance footage of the murders and finds Roberts killed the agents in self-defense and was wearing gloves, thus could not have been identified by fingerprints at the scene as Lamb claimed. Lamb admits that Roberts is in fact Mark Sheridan, a former Force Recon Marine working as an unofficial operative for the government, who they believe is a mole within the U.S. State Department selling covert secrets to China. The agents were tailing Chen, a Chinese intelligence agent who was the mole's contact, but when they tried to intercept the exchange, Sheridan killed them and fled. Eventually, Gerard and his team catch up with Sheridan in Queens Hill Cemetery as he ambushes DSS Special Agent Frank Barrows, who conspired with the mole to frame Sheridan by duping him into making the exchange. As Sheridan holds Barrows hostage to clear his name, Chen inadvertently kills Barrows while trying to shoot Sheridan. Chen is apprehended, while Sheridan flees to a retirement home followed by Gerard, Royce and Marshal Noah Newman. During a struggle, Royce disarms Sheridan and holds him at gunpoint. Before Royce can kill Sheridan, Newman walks into the room and Royce shoots him, giving Sheridan the opportunity to escape off the roof and onto a moving subway. Royce claims Sheridan shot Newman, who dies before he can reveal the truth. A vengeful Gerard abandons his team, taking Royce along as they track Sheridan to a loading dock in Bayonne, New Jersey, where he is stowing away on a freighter bound for Canada. Gerard confronts, fights and nearly kills Sheridan but lets his guard down, enabling Sheridan to get the upper hand. Royce fires his new Glock at Sheridan, hitting him in the shoulder, who is taken into custody. At the hospital, Gerard recognizes the gun that killed Newman as Royce's old firearm. Royce goes into Sheridan's room and admits he is the mole, giving Sheridan a knife to make his intended murder appear as self-defense. Gerard walks in and confronts Royce about killing Newman. Royce tries to shoot Gerard for catching him in the act like before, but Gerard had emptied Royce's Glock beforehand. When Royce attempts to draw his backup firearm, Gerard shoots and kills him first. Sheridan is publicly exonerated at a government hearing and makes peace with Gerard, who gives his team a backhanded apology before they depart to honor Newman's memory. 
 The Double Life of Vronique (1991)Summaries Two parallel stories about two identical women; one living in Poland, the other in France. They don't know each other, but their lives are nevertheless profoundly connected. Vronique is a beautiful young French woman who aspires to be a renowned singer. Weronika lives in Poland, has a similar career goal, and looks identical to Vronique, though the two are not related. Both women contend with the ups and downs of their individual lives, with Vronique embarking on an unusual romance with a puppeteer who may be able to help her with her existential issues. Vronique and Weronika are unaware of each other's existence, yet they sense a spectral companion and an inexplicable, profound bond. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 