nm0008677:

 Blast-Off Girls (1967)321) A sleazy record promotor tries to make it big with a local Chicago garage band and plans to make them famous while keeping the profits for himself. Sleazy music promoter Boojie Baker convinces a pop band to come work for him. He arranges play dates, publicity, record contracts, and the band's loyalty by getting his hired girls to exercise their feminine charms on all who stand in his way. Thus he creates the new music sensation, The Big Blast, but the band is unhappy about Boojie keeping most of the money. When they try to leave, Boojie sets them up for trouble with the law, but offers to bail them out if they sign the contract. Can't anyone stop this scum bucket? Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Chicago, a ruthless and greedy talent manager named Boojie Baker (Dan Conway) "discovers" then exploits unknown rock bands. Opening up at a nightclub, one of Boojie Baker's protg acts, a band called Charlie who have clearly been put through the grind already, griping about the royalties they've been fleeced out of, walk out on him. Undaunted, Boojie and his loyal, but dim-witted assistant Gordy (Ray Sager) walk into a local bar for some cheap drinks and they discover a new band performing, (played by real-life Chicago garage band The Faded Blue). Promising them a recording contract and ensuing fame, Boojie renames the five-man group 'The Big Blast,' outfits them in designer suits, and sets about to prime them for stardom. This is done by utilizing a bevy of attractive and loose women to seduce a recording engineer, photographing him in the heat of the moment, then blackmailing him into letting the Big Blast cut a single. During the Big Blast's first concert appearance, Boojie bribes the same group of young women to run up on stage a rip the uniforms off the group as a way to further promote their supposed popularity. The group cuts their big hit, and Boojie presumably uses similar tactics to promote the record and garner airplay. Soon, Boojie and Gordy take the group on tour through the state from appearances all over Chicago, to concert appearances coast-to-coast. In one take away from the story, Gordy takes the group out one day for some lunch and they stop at a Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) place where the manager, (played by none other then the founder of KFC himself, Colonel Harlan Sanders), lets the group perform a musical number right out in front of his restaurant in exchange for giving them five free buckets of fried chicken. As the months draw by, it doesn't take long before the band begins to wonder why they aren't receiving any money for their labors. When the Big Blast confronts Boojie in his office about their suspicions that he is swindling them out of their money, they demand a larger percentage of their sales. A hard line negotiator, Boojie refuses to budge in that respect, and welcomes the boys to seek fame in fortune in other avenues, while he secretly continues to squander all of the money that he receives by buying expensive clothes and luxury items for himself, as well as to squander the cash on prostitutes for his daily carnal urges. To show there are no hard feelings, he even invites them to a party at his apartment. Turns out this party, replete with liquor, women, and marijuana, is a setup, and a "police detective", named Lt. Kronsky, shows up to raid it. Coincidentally, this is before Boojie arrives, and when he does, it seems that he also has some pull in the "police department". As it happens, he is able to bail the boys out of this serious legal jam if they agree to sign new contracts which will give him a bigger percent of the profits they make, and expands their contract with him by five years instead of two. One by one, each of the five members concedes to Boojie's demands, with the drummer Tom being the last to succumb. Incidentally, after they leave the apartment, the "detective" hits up Boojie for some of the grass. It turns out that the Lt. Kronsky is an old friend of Boojie who help him set everything up. Back in the studio, the group begins to unravel, internal bickering starts to swell, and they just can't seem to cut their follow-up hit. During this time, the band makes a background check on Boojie, and they discover that Boojie was fired from his job as a talent agent at a big agency office a few years ago for "mis-use of funds" as well as suspected embezzlement of company money, but he was never brought with crimminal charges becase there was no evidence. As a result of this revelation, the Big Blast; Ron, Dennis, Tom, Ralph, and Chris, decide to bring down Boojie at the expense of their own fame and fortune by sabotaging a television appearance Boojie has lined up by showing up drunk and singing a thinly-disguised musical flipping-of-the-bird to him. The group then rips up Boojie's contract to them, in which he and Gordy storm out of the studio, presumably to go look for another rock and roll band to manage and manipulate. "Oh well, that's show business," Ralph of the Big Blast says. The film ends with a zany MOS montage of the band which was clearly inspired by the comic stylings of the Beatles movies of 'Hard Days Night' and 'Help!', which were directed by Richard Lester, even if the end result falls a bit short. 
 Scum of the Earth (1963)Summaries A naive and innocent teenage girl is blackmailed into modeling in the nude for a photographer who is in league with a teenage gang whose boss illegally sells photos of teenage girls being abused and degraded. Kim Sherwood is a young naive teenager who is asked by a friend to model for a shady photographer named Harmon. The photographer works for an unscrupulous businessman who is in league with a local Miami teenage gang in illegally selling photos of young girls in the nude being used and abused. When Kim wants out, the gangster Mr. Lang, blackmails her into staying on by using his strong-armed thugs to enforce order. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Living Venus (1961)211) Man and his partner, a photographer, start up a men's magazine called "Pagan." The magazine becomes a success, he leaves his fiancee, marries his star model, and complications ensue. frankfob2@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hoping to advance his career, genial portrait photographer Ken Carter (Harvey Korman) accepts work from John V. 'Jack' Norwall (William Kerwin), the shady editor of 'Newlywed' magazine. After the publication of Ken's first cover, a photograph of a couple being chased by a man with a shotgun, the publisher fires John, who vows to start his own magazine full of imagination, humor and sex. At home, John's fiance Diane (Linn Ahlstrand), urges him to marry her that weekend, prompting John to take money from her purse and leave angrily. Planning his cheesecake magazine, which he has titled 'Pagan', John searches for inspiration, and while wandering drunkenly, finds it in a statue of the Venus de Milo he sees in a store window. After stealing the statue, he heads to the nearest bar, where he notes the similarity between Venus and his waitress, Peggy Brandon (Danica D'Hondt). Promising to make her a star, John brings Peggy to Ken's studio and they shoot artful, nude pictures of her. John labels her "The Living Venus," and uses the photographs to search for backers for the magazine. After everyone rejects him, John convinces Ken to pawn his extra camera to pay for a typewriter, and Ken agrees, in exchange for part of the profits. Finally John manages to convince disreputable publisher Max Stein (Lawrence J. Aberwood) to finance them, and he sets out to hire more models. Soon after, Diane calls John and begs him to come to their wedding, which she has arranged for that weekend. John mutters that he will try to make it, but soon forgets, and on Saturday Diane and her father go to his apartment. There, John accuses Diane of being a tramp, after which her father punches John and drags a crying Diane away. The first issue of Pagan is a big success, and John secures two years' worth of financing. He then tries to seduce Peggy, who despite her attraction to him, holds him at bay, knowing he is a rou. Meanwhile, Ken is also falling in love with Peggy, and one day asks her to marry him. She informs John, and when he proposes, she assumes that he loves her, not realizing that he merely wants to have control over her for the good of the magazine. Returning to his office, John hires photographer Geoffrey Page (Lee Hauptman), then fires Ken, who punches him and leaves. Soon, John pressures Peggy to stop modeling and become his "promotions manager," a position in which she will seduce clients into buying advertising. Although Peggy realizes that John does not love her, she agrees, quickly turning to alcohol to make her "job" less repellent. As the magazine's sales soar, both John and Geoff begin dallying with the models and paying less attention to work. While Ken's career as a high fashion photographer blossoms, Pagan's sales begin to slip. One day, a drunken Peggy walks by Ken's photo shoot, and although he urges her to call him if she needs him, she is ashamed and runs off. She stumbles into John's staff meeting, in which he is berating the staff for his own failures, and when she confronts him, he slaps her. She begs him for help, but he calls her an alcoholic and walks away. A few weeks later, John is readying for Pagan's two-year anniversary party when Max arrives. After announcing that he will no longer finance the magazine, Max the publisher advises John to try to win Ken back. John goes ahead with his party, and when Peggy shows up, sober and still in love with him, he again rejects her cruelly. No one at the raucous event notices as Peggy drinks all night and drowns in the pool. At her funeral, Max brings Ken, whom he has hired to take over John's position. Alone and jobless, John walks by the same storefront window where he first noticed the Venus statue and raves that he will start a new magazine and show them all, then collapses, sobbing. 
 The Adventures of Lucky Pierre (1961)211) A man imagines that everybody he sees is naked. He goes to see a psychiatrist to see if he can be cured. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening segment, a man (Lawrence Aberwood) appears and introuces this movie that has a "cast of thousands" and is a "pinnacle of acheivement" when two orderlies appear and drag him off in to his room which is in a psycho ward. In an office, a young therapist named Pierre (Billy Falbo) is seen talking to a young woman, unseen on a couch from the ankles up. The woman reveals that she feels that all people keep staring at her for some reason. The woman then leaves the office when the session is over, and she is quite nude. After the woman leaves, Pierre reveals all about his infatuation with women in which he sees all women in the nude. He reveals his adventures in minute detail when a series of segments begin which are Pierre's so-called "adventures" with his ability to see women in the nude. All of the segments are played without dialogue and only with background music as if they are a silent film collection. In "Pardon My Pigment", Pierre is in a park painting three ladies which to him are fully bare-assed and the ignorance that he sees them naked. When he shows them the completed painting which is a fully abstract image, the women hit him on the head with it and leave. In "The Plumber's Friend", Pierre calls over his plumber friend (William Kerwin) to fix his bathroom plumbing when the plumber's wife also shows up, and Pierre finds himself infatuated with the plumber's wife. Pierre desperately tries to eradicate his problem, but spends more time watching the lady shower then take care of his leaky plumbing. In "For the Birds", Pierre is back in the local park "chic watching" with a pair of binoculars a pair of the same ladies he painted earlier, but another woman, for whom he longs for, continues to elude him. He gets tired of watching the other nude ladies and goes after the other one, who evades him to him giving up trying to use his ability to see her in the nude. But after Pierre, defeated and dejected, leaves the park, the women shows all to the viewers. In "The Photographer's Apprentice", Pierre is photographing a bevy of attractive ladies for his own personal gain and to view them more as they are. In "Drive-In Me Crazy", Pierre visits a Chicago nudist colony where he pays his admission to a nude female ticket taker, parks his car, and begins watching a nudie-short film at the colony's open-air theater. Pierre orders a box of popcorn and one by one all of the female staff brings him a box and he buys every one of them. 