nm0001197:

 S.P.Q.R.: 2,000 and a Half Years Ago (1994)Summaries A comedy based on the Ancient Rome with Christian De Sica, Massimo Boldi and Leslie Nielsen. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Tracker (2019)Summaries A mysterious stranger travels to a remote village where, 15 years earlier, his wife and daughter were kidnapped. In 2008, Loke Hakansson was taking a family vacation in the south of Italy when his wife and his daughter have been kidnapped. Following an attempt of exchange gone awry both wife and daughter have been killed. Ten years later, Hakansson is contacted by a local detective who has re-opened the case and has new information. Reluctantly, Hakansson travels back to Italy to meet the detective. When he arrives he discovers that the detective has committed "suicide". To his dismay, Hakansson is trapped into a web of deceit that forces him to acts of violence to understand what happened to his family. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 C' Kim Novak al telefono (1994)Summaries A heavily indebted film producer tries to get back on his feet by producing a film starring Kim Novak. He also hopes to start a new relationship with his estranged son. Salvatore Santangelo <pappagone2@libero.it> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dellamorte Dellamore (1994)Summaries A cemetery man must kill the dead a second time when they become zombies. This movie is based on a novel of Tiziano Sclavi, and it always reflects the "sclavian philosophy" diffused by the most succesful comics in Italy: Dylan Dog, the detective of the nightmare. There is the duality between love and dead (in Italian "dellamore" means "of love" and "dellamorte" means "of death"), a duality that Dellamorte feels in a really hard way. He is the guardian of the cemetery of Buffalora, a little town in the north of Italy, in which, we don't know why, corpses rise from tombs and Dellamorte has to destroy them. Dellamorte seems not to ask to himself why this happen, he shoots and loves. But at the end he wants to leave Buffalora... Bruno Iannazzo <iannazzo@cibs.sns.it> In Buffalora, Francesco Dellamorte is the administrator of the local cemetery and he lives in a house by the cemetery with the intellectually disabled gravedigger Gnaghi that is his only friend. The cemetery has a peculiarity since the dead reanimates on the seventh night after their death and Dellamorte and Gnaghi together hunt them down. When a gorgeous widow attends the funeral of her old husband, Dellamorte falls in an unrequited love with her. One day, he shows the ossuary to her stimulating her sex drive, and they make love on the top of her husband's grave. However he awakes and bites her, and when she raises, Dellamorte shoots her. On the next days, Gnaghi falls in love with the mayor's daughter Valentina Scanarotti but she is beheaded in a motorcycle accident with her friend Claudio. Along the next days, Dellamorte meets two women that looks alike his deceased love, but his romance ends tragically. He decides to leave Buffalora with Gnaghi, but their journey abruptly ends. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 