nm0010405:

 Eyes of a Witness (1991 TV Movie)Summaries Roy Baxter is concerned for his daughter Christina's safety. She's working as a doctor among the Masai in Kenya. Poaching gangs are slaughtering protected species, then raiding Masai villages and forcing them to help carry their ill-gotten gains across the border. Roy flies to Kenya to convince her to leave and becomes a suspect for murder when the village is raided and he tries to help a UN doctor shot by the raiders. The only witness is a young Masai boy, who is reluctant to come forward because of possible retribution against his tribe. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Udvikling (19821983)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Born Free (1974)Summaries The adventures of two married game wardens in Kenya. This drama chronicles the adventures of George and Joy Adamson, a married couple who serve as game wardens in Kenya. Not only did they care for and keep track of the wildlife, but they sometimes had to deal with poachers or other unsavory humans who were threatening the natural way of life in the jungle. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Search for the Nile (1971 )Summaries The Nile's source was the last great mystery for European explorers in the 19th century. The story of its discovery is one of heroism in the service of faith, greed, and obsession. Cleo <frede005@maroon.tc.umn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 