nm0008765:

 Broken Flowers (2005)321) As the extremely withdrawn Don Johnston is dumped by his latest woman, he receives an anonymous letter from a former lover informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A freelance sleuth neighbor moves Don to embark on a cross-country search for his old flames in search of answers. The resolutely single Don Johnston has just been dumped by his latest lover, Sherry. Don resigns himself to being alone yet again and left to his own devices. Instead, he is compelled to reflect on his past when he receives by mail a mysterious pink letter. It is from an anonymous former lover and informs him that he has a 19-year-old son who may now be looking for his father. Don is urged to investigate this "mystery" by his closest friend and neighbor, Winston, an amateur sleuth and family man. Hesitant to travel at all, Don nonetheless embarks on a cross-country trek in search of clues from four former flames. Unannounced visits to each of these unique women hold new surprises for Don as he haphazardly confronts both his past and, consequently, his present. Focus Features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sherry, the girlfriend of the former "Don Juan," successful older businessman Don Johnston, ends their relationship. At around the same time, he receives an anonymous pink letter revealing to him that he has a nineteen-year-old son, but he has no clue as to who the mother might be. Don's friend and neighbor ,Winston, an aspiring "Sherlock Holmes," compiles a list of Don's former girlfriends and presses a plan for a cross-country trip to meet each of them and subsequently learn the identity of the son. A reluctant and emotionless Don, armed with flowers, first visits the widow, Laura, preceded by her teenage daughter, Lolita, who affronts him by appearing naked in an asexual context in a show of emancipation at his expense. Laura herself, however, is the one person who treats him humanely and as a sexual being. Then he meets the successful real estate agent Dora and her husband Ron and they have an uncomfortable dinner together, with Don as a third wheel. He next takes flowers to the office old flame Dr. Carmen, now a writer on the psychology of pets and a communicator with animals, (based on her 'relationship' with a deceased canine.) Her much younger secretary gives Don a markedly icy reception supposedly because of his unannounced arrival. He unapologetically imposes on Carmen's schedule, but despite his best efforts he can not penetrate her armor. And the secretary, as an afterthought, returns the flowers. Lastly, he plies his charms with Penny, yet another example of resentment, living in the woods with a pair of younger motorcycle toughs, one of whom, on the pretense of gentlemanly concern about what he makes out to be insensitivity towards Penny, cold-cocks Don Johnston. Johnston wakes up in his car with the flowers broken. A little desperate now, he makes the brief acquaintanceship of a young, kind-hearted lady florist, Sun Green, who begins to show some inclination towards tenderness, although she finds his name, Don Johnston, impossibly quaint. Back on the street, unshaven and looking increasingly like a bum, Johnston has a brief encounter with a young male hitchhiker for whom he buys a sandwich, but then makes an awkward comment how the hiker, who has been brought up in a Fatherless setting, must think Don is his Father! This goes over about as poorly as every other attempt at expression by Johnston. It now becomes clear that while Don's perception of everyone from his past as blatantly neurotic is pretty accurate, Don Johnston himself, with the romantic supports of his youth withdrawn and standing lost perilously in traffic, is also himself a pretty spurious and expendable character in the eyes of the world, or at least for the moment his odyssey has brought him to that pass. Don ultimately returns home without solving the mystery but realizing that his past is lost irretrievably. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
 The Investigator (II) (2013)321) A veteran police detective becomes a criminal justice teacher and baseball coach at a local high school, leading him to the most important investigation of his life. Inspired by true events. Twenty year veteran investigator Sergeant James Buanacore ( Wade Hunt Williams ) starts the most important investigation of his life when a drug bust goes tragically bad. The death of the apparent suspect forces James out of the job he loves and into retirement. When James' wife Stephanie ( Nicole Abisinio ) has a miscarriage, he is devastated and begins to wonder about and question his previously strong faith. Depressed and angry, James isolates himself until his brother ( David Sanborn ) encourages him to take a job as a criminal justice teacher and baseball coach at a Christian high school. With his cop mentality challenging his students, James struggles through experiences with an unsupportive principal, a guidance counselor with a secret, and rebellious students. But when his best option seems to be quitting, a student challenges him to begin the investigation that will change his life, and those of his students, forever. Rich Romano Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this fact-based story, two brothers throw a baseball to each other and tease each other. One supports the Mets; the other support the Yankees. 30 years later, the boys have grown up and still support the same baseball teams. James has been a police detective for 20 years and will soon be eligible to retire. He has a son and his wife is pregnant. His brother Paul is a successful actor (James is based on the brother of Ray Romano). Paul and the parents gather at James' house for Easter. Something terrible happens and James is told he will retire, or else. And the news just gets worse. All these events in James' life cause him to lose faith. But Paul has a solution. His manager's son goes to a Christian school whose baseball coach has had to quit because of serious health problems. James interviews with the principal, who is impressed enough to hire him. The coach also taught American government but James has never taught. That's okay; there's only one quarter left. James can teach the class about criminal justice. If he does well in both jobs, he may get to come back next year. James' first day doesn't go very well. Dillon, a star football player, does not believe the rules apply to him. So he is being disrespectful to the nerdy science teacher Mr. Genaro. James punishes Dillon (who is in his class) by taking away his cell phone. He is soon set straight by Coach Howard and by the principal. James' problems continue as he meets the baseball team. They are not very good, and baseball gets no respect. Football is what brings in the big money from boosters. Some of the players don't respect James, but he informs them that will change. Genaro becomes his assistant. When the time comes to play their first game, one of the best players refuses to listen to the coach and finds himself benched, warned that if it happens again, he won't play. James also puts in the team's worst player. Things are not going well. Add to that the fact the former cop finds out about a scandal and has to investigate. If he thinks people hated him before, just wait. Eventually, at the very least, a couple of athletes who weren't showing James respect realize they need to, and something unexpected happens. In the classroom, James starts out teaching the kids about his work. Then he returns to what the class is supposed to be by explaining to the students how to study reliable sources and investigate what really happened in history. One student wonders whether Oswald really shot JFK. Later, the results of the scandal cause some students to question their faith. Other students don't believe, period. James is asked to explain why they should believe. The result is an investigation of whether Jesus really existed, and whether he died and rose from the dead. Meanwhile, James is still having problems with his baseball team. Will they turn things around and win the championship? 
 Prime of Your Life (2010)Summaries A 20-something slacker girl meets a handsome rebel at her best friend's funeral. She partners up with him and through a series of cons, finds her path to independence and love. Penny-less and job-less, Sandy gets by on her looks and attitude, and by borrowing from her high-powered sister. At her best friend's funeral, she meets a handsome con artist, Keith, and as soon as she gets her stolen goods back from him, she plans on being on her own again. But when her sister gets into a load of legal and financial trouble, Sandy accepts a too-good-to-be-true job offer from Keith, and then tries to support her argumentative family. napierslogs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Can Only Imagine (2018)321) The inspiring and unknown true story behind MercyMe's beloved, chart topping song that brings ultimate hope to so many is a gripping reminder of the power of true forgiveness. 10-year-old Bart Millard lives with his mother and abusive father Arthur in Texas. One day his mother drops him off at a Christian camp where he meets Shannon. Upon his return from camp, Bart finds his mother has left and movers are removing her belongings. He angrily confronts his father, who denies that his abusiveness was the reason she left. Years later, in high school, Bart and Shannon are dating. Bart plays football to please his father, but is injured, breaking both ankles and ending his career. The only elective with openings is music class, so he reluctantly signs up.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a young boy named Bart Millard who is 10-years-old and lives in Greenville, Texas. His dad Arthur (Dennis Quaid) is an alcoholic and berates and belittles Bart as well as Bart's mother. Bart always has headphones on to listen to music and creates things out of odds and ends. His dad gets angry at him and throws all of his little creations into a fire pit. Bart's mom takes Bart to a week-long Christian camp and before dropping him off says with tears "you know I love you right?" Bart says yes and goes to the camp. As he's walking in, he meets another young camper named Shannon who shows Bart the ropes, and they become fast friends. During the camp Bart knocks over Shannon's journal and exposes a drawing saying "Shannon Loves Bart Millard," and he starts to blush. Shannon confronts him about the journal the next night under a fireworks show and says that maybe someday they'll fall in love. Young Bart comes home from camp with a moving truck in front of the house and finds out that his mom is moving away and he chases the truck down the road screaming for her not to leave. In a jump forward a few years later, Bart (J. Michael Finley as a teenager) is in high school, and he and Shannon are dating. Bart is a football player like his dad was. During a practice, Bart breaks his leg or ankle and is taken to the hospital where his dad informs him that the doctor said he could never play again. Shortly after the accident while at school Bart is spotted by the music director singing a song and she's moved by his performance and casts him as the lead in Oklahoma without his permission. Bart tells her he won't do it, but she convinces him to do it. He takes the role and blows everyone away with his singing. The next morning Bart's father is at a diner and sees a pamphlet for the show with Bart listed as the star, and he falls over in his chair in obvious pain, and it's not clear if it's a heart attack or something else. Upon going to the hospital, he's informed that he had low blood sugar and a mass in his body. We find out soon it's pancreatic cancer and he doesn't seem like he wants treatment. Bart is kind of aloof throughout this part of the film and Shannon constantly presses him to open up and share why he's hurting about his father dying. He refuses to and even tells her he doesn't love her, which breaks her heart. A few months later, upon graduating from high school, Bart immediately leaves Texas with his guitar to pursue a life in music. He ends up in Oklahoma City where he meets a band that would eventually become the group MercyMe. They are going around playing to youth camps and Christian organizations, and they catch the attention of producer Scott Brickell (Trace Adkins) who works with the band and tells Bart he needs to be more real, to which Bart gets a bit defensive about but works on. Bart tries to reconnect with Shannon during this time, but she rebukes his advances. Scott gets MercyMe a Nashville showcase with many record executives and also introduces him to Christian singing stars Amy Grant and Michael W. Smith. Bart is super nervous and chats their ears off before someone whisks him away. The showcase goes well for MercyMe, and they're backstage waiting for Scott to come back and report what all the record executives say. Bart can't wait, and he goes out to talk with all of them who all tell him he's either not good enough or not ready. Bart takes the news hard and quits. Scott convinces him not to do that, but Bart decides he does need to go home and right some wrongs before getting back with the band. Bart comes home to find his father has been reading the bible and is working on becoming a better man. Bart isn't sure if he believes his father's new personality especially after all the physically abuse, but eventually, he learns of his father's grave condition and that he's working on becoming a good Christian and they bond at the end of his life. Another few months later, Bart's father passes away. After the funeral, Bart heads back out to join MercyMe. While on the tour bus he is struck by inspiration and looks in his journal to find the words "I Can Only Imagine" written on every page. So he says "OK Jesus" and starts writing the lyrics to what will be the song "I Can Only Imagine." He sends the song to Scott who freaks out about it, and he plays it for Amy Grant who loves it and wants to debut it on her new tour and album. Bart says he wants as many people as possible to hear the song and Amy is who will make that happen. So at the concert where she's gonna sing it for the first time, Amy is too moved by the sentiment of the song and can't sing it, so she invites Bart up on stage. He proceeds to sing the song with Shannon in the crowd, and the place goes bonkers for the song. After he sings it, he imagines the theater empty with just his dad there clapping for him. He runs up the aisles after the song and hugs Shannon and tells her he loves her. We find out in the postscript that the song went triple platinum and that MercyMe has since had 21 hit songs and is one of the biggest Christian bands of all time. 