nm0009138:

 Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 )541) This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes. In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. John Craig Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. This show delves into the dark side of the New York City underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit, investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes, while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own lives. Brian Barjenbruch Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. Originally the show focused around the detective pairing of Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni ) and Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay ). Stabler is a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all and tries his best to protect his family from the horrors he sees every day. His partner Benson's difficult past as the child of a rape victim is the reason she joined the unit. The series also focused on the secondary detective pairing of John Munch (played by Richard Belzer ) and Brian Cassidy (played by Dean Winters ). Munch is a veteran of the job as a transfer from Baltimore's homicide unit, who brings his acerbic wit, conspiracy theories, and street-honed investigative skills whilst Cassidy is new to the job is young but eager to learn from his fellow detectives. Both Benson/Stabler and Munch/Cassidy often received support from Detectives Monique Jeffries (played by Michelle Hurd ) and Ken Briscoe (played by Chris Orbach ). However, when Cassidy transferred to Narcotics after just thirteen episodes in, Jeffries was then partnered with Munch for the remainder of Season One and Briscoe was eventually phased out. At the beginning of season two, Munch was then permanently partnered with Detective Odafin "Fin" Tutuola (played by Ice-T ), whose unique yet sometimes vulgar sense of humor and investigative experience make him a formidable match for Munch. In Season 13, there were big cast changes happening with Stabler having retired in the aftermath of the Season 12 finale, until he reappears in season 22, leading him to join NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau. Detectives Nick Amaro and Amanda Rollins joined the team filling the void left by Stabler. Amaro brought empathy to his cases while dealing with stressful home life, while Rollins had dogged persistence and instincts to help her close cases, but also secrets that could derail her career. Season 16 was another period of change with the introduction of Dominick "Sonny" Carisi, Jr ( Peter Scanavino ) at the beginning and leaving of Amaro at the end. Carisi brought a fresh outlook and distinctive style of investigation to the squad and was training to be a lawyer. Following Carisi's move to the DA's office in season 21, Vice Officer Katriona "Kat" Tamin (played by Jamie Gray Hyder ) joined the team after assisting on several cases, eventually getting promoted to detective. At the start of season 23, Tamin and Garland both resign from the NYPD after becoming disillusioned with the system's failures and systematic bias within the department, with Tamin being replaced by Detective Joe Velasco (played by Octavio Pisano ). These detectives were supervised by veteran Captain Donald Cragen (played by Dann Florek ) who oversaw the team for seasons 1-15. Cragen's tough but supportive approach to the team's complex cases guides the squad through the challenges they face every day. During season 15, both Munch and Cragen retired from the NYPD, leaving Benson, after being promoted to Sergeant, to take control of the unit; she would later be promoted to Lieutenant at the start of season 17 and then Captain at the start of season 21. Also introduced in season 16 was Deputy Chief William Dodds (played by Peter Gallagher ), who served as commanding officer for the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs of New York. Dodds also departed the series at the start of the season, allowing new deputy chief Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes ) to take his place. Dodds' son Mike (played by Andy Karl ) transferred into Special Victims as Sergeant in season 17, becoming Benson's second-in-command until his death at the end of the season; Fin later passes the Sergeant's exam during season 18 and is officially promoted in Mike's place in season 19. Also on the team's payroll is former FBI Special Agent Dr. George Huang (played by BD Wong ) and Medical Examiner Dr. Melinda Warner (played by Tamara Tunie ). From Season 4 Huang became the resident psychiatrist for the Special Victims Unit, Huang helps keep the officers sane in a field that could drive ordinary people mad. He has also served as the squad's resident criminal profiler, and his insights into the criminal mind have often helped the officers to crack the toughest perps, while Warner has become an integral part of the Manhattan Special Victims Unit, and her personal skills have contributed to the unit's high success rate in closing cases. Huang and Warner would both depart at the end of season 12 after being reassigned to Oklahoma City, but has returned for occasional guest appearances. The Special Victims Unit did not receive a full-time assistant district attorney until season two when Alexandra Cabot (played by Stephanie March ) was assigned to work with the detectives. After Cabot's departure in season five, she was replaced by Casey Novak (played Diane Neal ), who remained as the A.D.A. until the end of season nine. Kim Greylek (played by Michaela McManus ) became the permanent A.D.A. in the season ten premiere until Cabot made a return midway through that season when Greylek departed. Cabot remained the A.D.A. through the second half of season eleven. After Cabot's departure, the A.D.A. void was filled by Sonya Paxton (played by Christine Lahti ) and Jo Marlowe (played by Sharon Stone ) until the conclusion of season eleven. Gillian Hardwicke (played by Melissa Sagemiller ) served as the SVU ADA during season twelve. In season thirteen, both Cabot and Novak returned as ADAs. From the beginning of season fourteen, ADA Rafael Barba (played by Ral Esparza ) was SVU's prosecutor, until leaving halfway through season nineteen. Chicago Justice's Peter Stone (played by Philip Winchester ) became SVU's ADA after Chicago Justice (2017) was canceled after only one season. In the season 21 premiere, Carisi eventually became the SVU's ADA after finally passing the bar and becoming a lawyer. 
 The Last O.G. (2018 )Summaries An ex-con is shocked to see just how much the world has changed when he is released from prison for good behavior after a 15-year stint and returns to his newly gentrified Brooklyn neighborhood. Tray (Tracy Morgan) is an ex-con who is shocked to see just how much the world has changed when he is released from prison for good behavior after a 15-year stint. Returning to his newly gentrified Brooklyn neighborhood, he discovers that his former girlfriend, Shay (Tiffany Haddish), has married an affable, successful white man (Ryan Gaul) who is helping raise the twins (Taylor Mosby and Dante Hoagland) Tray never knew existed. Wanting nothing more than to connect with his kids, but having neither the money to support them nor himself, Tray falls back on the skills he learned in prison to make ends meet while treading unfamiliar territory. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chicago Med (2015 )Summaries The city's most highly skilled medical team saves lives, while navigating their unique interpersonal relationships. An emotional thrill ride through the day-to-day chaos of the city's most explosive hospital and the courageous team of doctors who hold it together. They will tackle unique new cases inspired by topical events, forging fiery relationships in the pulse-pounding pandemonium of the emergency room. NBC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (2017 )541) A housewife in 1958 decides to become a stand-up comic. Set in 1950s Manhattan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel is a 60-minute dramedy that centers on Miriam "Midge" Maisel, a sunny, energetic, sharp, Jewish girl who had her life mapped out: go to college, find a husband, have kids, and throw the best Yom Kippur break-fasts in town. Soon enough, she finds herself exactly where she had hoped to be, living happily with her husband and two children in the Upper West Side. A woman of her time, Midge is a cheerleader wife to a man who dreams of a stand-up comedy career, but her perfect life is upended when her husband suddenly leaves her for another woman. Utterly unprepared, Midge is left with no choice but to reevaluate her life. When she accidentally stumbles onto the stage at a nightclub, she discovers her own comedic skills and decides to use this newfound talent to help her reinvent her life. The series follows the trajectory of Midge's journey as she pursues a career in the male-dominated, stand-up comedy profession, and transforms from uptown society matron to East Village club performer. kolnoaMograbi It's 1958 Manhattan and Miriam "Midge" Maisel has everything she's ever wanted: the perfect husband, kids, and an Upper West Side apartment. But when her life suddenly takes a turn and Midge must start over, she discovers a previously unknown talent, one that will take her all the way from the comedy clubs of Greenwich Village to a spot on Johnny Carson's couch. ahmetkozan It's the late 1950s and Miriam "Midge" Maisel has everything she has ever wanted -- the perfect husband, two kids and an elegant apartment on New York's Upper West Side. Her seemingly idyllic life takes a surprising turn when she discovers a hidden talent she didn't previously know she had -- stand-up comedy. This revelation changes her life forever as she begins a journey that takes her from her comfortable life on the Upper West Side through the cafes and nightclubs of Greenwich Village as she makes her way through the city's comedy industry on a path that could ultimately lead her to a spot on the "Tonight Show" couch. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1958, Miriam "Midge" Maisel is a young, upper middle-class Jewish housewife living on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Her husband of four years, Joel, a businessman working at a plastics company, moonlights as a comedian at The Gaslight Cafe, using other comics' material. After one particularly mediocre performance, Joel leaves Midge for his secretary. Midge drunkenly goes back to The Gaslight where she delivers an impromptu set, confessing her predicament to the audience. While her bawdy, biting, and brilliant delivery enthralls the audience, she gets arrested after baring her breasts. Midge meets comic Lenny Bruce, who has also been arrested for obscenity in his act. Midge is bailed out of jail, and she, in turn, bails out Bruce. Inspired to be a comedian herself, she teams up with The Gaslight employee Susie Myerson, who becomes her manager. After Midge and her two children move in with her parents, Rose and Abe, she lands a job in the cosmetics department at B. Altman, a high-end department store. In addition to an income, the job provides material for Midge's act. Midge visits New York clubs to study other comedians. She meets top comedienne, Sophie Lennon, who is completely unlike her frumpy, on-stage character. Sophie advises Midge to develop her own stage persona, but Midge prefers performing as herself. After Midge disparagingly reveals in her act that Sophie is actually a wealthy, snobbish socialite, she soon finds herself blacklisted from every club in the city. However, with Susie and Lenny's help, Midge performs again and proves she has what it takes be a professional comic. Joel secretly watches her act, and, dejected, realizes she is truly talented. After trying out numerous stage names, Midge settles on calling herself, "Mrs. Maisel". Rose moves to Paris after her New York social life falls apart. After having been oblivious to her departure for quite sometime, Midge and Abe travel there to persuade her to return home. Back in New York, Susie is abducted by two thugs working for Sophie Lennon's manager, who end up befriending her. They release her with the cautionary remark that others may come looking for her. After a period of enjoying life in Paris with and without Abe, Rose agrees to come home after Abe promises to be more like his vacation self and arranges for her to audit art classes at Columbia University, where he is a tenured mathematics professor. The family goes on their annual vacation at a Catskill Mountains resort. Susie, upset that Midge will be gone for two months, goes to the resort, and, pretending to be a staff person, works on booking gigs in the area. She books Midge at a large hotel where she gives a sexually-charged performance, during which she spots Abe in the audience. While at the resort, Midge meets Benjamin Ettenberg, a successful New York doctor whom she soon begins dating. With Abe the only family member knowing about her side-career, Midge continues performing. She wants to skip an important gig that Susie has booked because it is on Yom Kippur. When Susie insists that Midge perform, Abe says it is time to tell the family. Midge and Susie embark on a short comedy tour at various clubs outside of New York. Susie books Midge for a spot on a telethon, where Midge meets a famous singer, Shy Baldwin, but learns that Sophie Lennon controls the show. Still angry over Midge's having exposed her real identity, Sophie gets her bumped to the telethon's late-night end slot. Emboldened by knowing that fewer viewers are watching, Midge's all-out performance is a hit, and the phones light up with last-minute donations. Her performance prompts Baldwin to ask her to be his opening act on his six-month tour throughout the United States and Europe, which Midge immediately accepts. Meanwhile, Sophie, after Susie threatened her for her scheme against Midge and tired of her act, asks Susie to become her manager, saying she wants a manager who will fight for her like Susie does for Midge. Abe considers leaving both Bell Labs and Columbia University, fed up with their interference in his personal life. Benjamin proposes to Midge, despite her still being married to Joel. After watching Lenny Bruce's act about being alone, Midge ponders the personal cost of a full-time career. 