nm0010314:

 After Death (2012)Summaries Following the sudden death of their last surviving parent - their Dad, two brothers and two sisters return to the family home after many years to face each other, face facts and face the future. But what do they know of the past? When failed inventor James Jones (Paul Freeman) dies in a laboratory accident, his estranged children return to the family estate to settle his affairs. They each bring their own baggage: Eloise (Claira Watson Parr) has never recovered from the loss of her mother and brother, and cant find a lasting job or relationship. Yossarian (Ben Shockley) is a presenter on a bad daytime TV show. Suki (Nicola Goodchild) has always been the practical one, and she takes out her ill humor on her timid spouse, Colin (Jonathan Hansler). The only thing the siblings seem to share is their guilt over abandoning their father seven years ago, when he accidentally killed their brother Tom (David Wayman). A lawyer (David Acton) hired by their shady Uncle Simon (Linal Haft) informs the siblings that their father had borrowed against the house for his last experiment, and that his estate belongs to the bank. This news sets the siblings on a scavenger hunt, which leads them to their fathers last invention: a link to the supernatural world. They must find what they need to make the link work, or the souls of their father and brother will be lost forever when they lose the house. Amazon Editorial It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Downton Abbey (20102015)431) A chronicle of the lives of the British aristocratic Crawley family and their servants in the early twentieth century. Lord Robert Crawley, Earl of Grantham (Hugh Bonneville) sees his family heritage, especially the grand country home Downton Abbey, as his mission in life. The death of his heir aboard R.M.S. Titanic means distant cousin Matthew Crawley (Dan Stevens), a Manchester lawyer, suddenly is next in line and accepts moving onto the vast estate with his even more modernist, socially engaged mother, who clashes with his Lordship's domineering, conservative mother, the dowager countess. Marrying off the daughters is another concern. Meanwhile, the butler presides over a staff which serves the family, but also lead most of their entire lives in the servants' quarters, intriguing amongst themselves. KGF Vissers The struggle of the upper classes in contrast to the people in their service pre-World War I. We struggle with them as we see their lives take shape and become part of their personal pain, anguish, joy, and sacrifice. We see clearly that we are all part of the same human condition whether we are upstairs or downstairs. Katherine Riser Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Downton Abby - a sprawling, lavish Edwardian mansion and park nestled in the lush North Yorkshire landscape - needs an heir. Dame Maggie Smith turns in a show-stopping performance as Violet, the charmingly stubborn Dowager Countess of Grantham, matriarch of Downton and the irrefutable authority on everything. Hugh Bonneville stars as her son, the stoic, unflappable Earl of Grantham; Elizabeth McGovern plays his far-sighted American wife, Cora; and a star-studded cast round out the glittering, gossipy, and beguiling men and women of this epic tale from Academy Award-winner Julian Fellowes (Gosford Park). After a tragedy at sea claims the life of the presumed heir, Lord Grantham is faced with the possibility that the house he's loved his whole life might someday belong to a distant cousin he's never met. But before he can worry about that he must deal with his scandalous daughter, Lady Mary - considered by many to be the rightful heir to Downton. Even the staff has opinions on the family's affairs. And while most are devoted to those they serve, there are others whose selfishness and scheming do more than simply disrupt the well-oiled inner workings of the estate. As the servants' mischief escalates, even the most faithful employees begin to imagine a different life. Pitting hundreds of years of British aristocracy against the tides of social upheaval and technical progress, under the looming shadow of World War I, will the fate of Downton and its family - above and below the stairs - be resolved? Or will life be altered so dramatically that its master no longer matters? 
 Shakespeare: The Animated Tales (19921994)Summaries Condensed animated adaptations of plays by William Shakespeare. An animated adaptation of twelve of Shakespeare's best-known plays. The series was produced by S4C for the BBC, but animated by some of the foremost artists of Soyuzmultfilm, the former Soviet Union's main animation studio. Each 26-minute play is directed by a different animator, in a wide variety of styles: cel animation for Macbeth, stop-motion puppets in Twelfth Night, and paint on glass for Hamlet. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Casanova's Last Stand (2007)Summaries Young Casanova (Tom Frederic) Appears. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 