nm0005123:

 Final Destination (2000)871) Alex Browning is among a group of high school students readying themselves for a trip to Europe. When he suddenly has a premonition their airplane will crash, he screams to warn the others but instead he is thrown off of the plane. Alex is boarding a plane to France on a school trip, when he suddenly gets a premonition that the plane will explode. Shortly after Alex, a group of students, and his teacher are thrown off the plane, to their horror, the plane does in fact explode. Alex must now work out Death's plan, as each of the survivors falls victim. Whilst trying to prevent the next death, Alex must also dodge the FBI, who believe that he caused the explosion. simon Alex, an average teenager, goes for a trip in France with his classmates when, once in the plane, he suddenly gets a vision where the plane crashes. Suffocating, he asks for everyone to go out of the plane but no matter what, Death itself decided to get closer and closer to them... Pel Par Death doesn't take no for an answer. Death is coming. And Alex Browning is cursed with knowing when, how and where the grim reaper will take his next victim to the Final Destination. After boarding a plane to Europe with his fellow French club members, high school student Alex Browning ( Devon Sawa ) has a premonition of the aircraft exploding moments after takeoff, killing every on board. Alex panics, insisting that everyone get off the plane. In the melee than ensues, seven people, including Alex, are forced to disembark--saving them from a fiery death when the plan explodes as Alex foresaw. But as, one by one, each of these seven who cheated fate meets an untimely end, Alex and his remaining friends band together to try change destiny and outwit the untamable forces of death. When a boy starts having a premonition of Flight 180 crashing, he tells his friends before they board that it is a bad idea and to not to take the flight. His friends listen to him and don't go and soon after the plane crashes. Now since his friends didn't get on the plane one by one they are getting killed in mysterious ways. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Alex and a group of high school students take a flight to Paris for a French class trip. Before they set off, Alex has a premonition of the plane bursting into flames minutes after take off. He tells everyone to get off the ill-fated aircraft. Moments later in the departure lounge the student see the plane explode before their very eyes. Now the FBI thinks that Alex had something to do with it and follows his every move. His friends start to believe he had something to do with it also and slowly fade out of his life. But now, each one of his friends is mysteriously being killed by something that appears to the Grim Reaper. Alex starts to believe that fate is starting to taking it's toll. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Alex and his senior french class are going on a trip to France in the spring. Alex is very nervous, and has a deadly premonition that the plane he is on will explode after take off. Alex and six others, including his teacher, get off the plane. Soon after, the plane explodes. Now his teacher and friends are starting to avoid him. Shortly after school ends, Alex and his friends are being hunted down by Death, angry that they cheated the "design". It doesn't take long for Alex to realize that you can't cheat death. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alex Browning is a teenager who has the power of seeing the future. He and 40 of his classmates are going to Paris on a school trip. Just before the plane takes off, Alex has a premonition of the plane exploding, killing everyone. He awakens and screams to everyone that the plane will explode. The guards take him off the plane and onto the airport. During the commotion, teacher, Valerie Lewton, and students, Billy Hitchcock, Clear Rivers, Terry Chaney, Carter Horton and Tod Waggner get off as well. Soon after, the plane explodes. The survivors are shocked to find Alex's premonition has come true. Days later, Tod slips in his bathroom, and falls on a clothesline in his shower. His velocity causes the rope to wrap around his neck, and strangles him to death. After his body is discovered, everyone deems it a suicide. Alex thinks that Death is after them, since they survived the plane explosion. He figures out that they are meant to die in the order that they died on the plane. He calls Clear and they go to a cafe and talk about Alex's theory. While at the cafe, all the survivors reunite. But Carter and Alex start arguing. Terry, Carter's girlfriend, is enraged at Carter still holding a grudge against Alex. She walks off, only to be hit by a bus. Next on the list is Miss Lewton. She has a series of household accidents that ultimately leads to her computer blowing up in her face, a knife impaling her and her house exploding. The four remaining take off in a car only to have it stall on the railroad tracks. They all get out except the Carter, who spots a oncoming train. The others convince him to get out. He decides to get out, with Alex's help, Carter's death has been intervened. But Billy, is decapitated by a piece of thin metal from the car wreckage. Alex figures out that if someone intervenes and prevents the people next in line to die, Death will put that person at the end of the list. Next in line is his girlfriend, Clear Rivers. She is at home when lightning hits a tree causing a chain of events to occur that ultimately find her in her car with a power line on top of it. Alex swoops in again and saves her, cheating death once again. Six months later, thinking they have finally cheated death for good, the three remaining fly to Paris. At a cafe, Alex sees omens around him, and thinks that Death is still after them. Walking away, Alex is about to be hit by a bus, without realising it. Clear has a vision and shouts to Alex and saves him. However, the bus hits a traffic pole, which sends it flying in the air, finally hitting a electrical sign, which says "CAFE LA MERO 81" on top of the cafe. The sign comes crashing down, about to hit Alex. Carter comes and saves him. Thinking Death has been defeated, Carter asks Alex, "Who's next?". Then the sign comes back down, this time backwards saying, "18o" and hits Carter. This leaves Clear and Alex the remaining survivors from the first film. It is revealed afterwards that Alex was struck in the head by a falling brick. Clear, now powerless, sends herself into a mental asylum. 
 Legally Blonde (2001)Summaries Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school. While she is there, she figures out that there is more to her than just looks. Elle Woods ( Reese Witherspoon ) has it all. She's the President of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus calendar, and, above all, a natural blonde. She dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But, there's just one thing stopping Warner ( Matthew Davis ) from popping the question: Elle is too blonde. Growing up across the street from Aaron Spelling might mean something in Los Angeles, California, but nothing to Warner's East-Coast blue blood family. So, when Warner packs up for Harvard Law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school, Elle rallies all her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back. But law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall. Elle must wage the battle of her life, for her guy, for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday. vanessawhistler1971@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Obsessed (2009)431) A successful asset manager, who has just received a huge promotion, is blissfully happy in his career and in his marriage. But when a temp worker starts stalking him, all the things he's worked so hard for are placed in jeopardy. Derek Charles is a hard working man, employed as a asset manager in a private company. He is very happy with his beautiful wife, Sharon, and only son, and because of his hard work he just got a huge promotion. But suddenly he gets a temporary worker who is both attractive and smart, and Derek is understandably impressed with her and also finds himself physically drawn to her. However, this new girl is desperate to get close to him - at any cost. alfiehitchie Derek Charles has it all, a loving wife and son. He is a very successful businessman who received a promotion at his work. One day, he meets a temp worker named Lisa Sheridan, who is revealed to be a stalker. Derek rejects her advances, but the beautiful and sultry blonde does not take a "no" for an answer. Now everything that Derek has worked for, including his marriage are now in danger of being lost. Emphinix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Taken from www.themoviespoiler.com The movie opens with a African-American family moving into their new home. The family consists of Derek Charles (Idris Elba), his wife Sharon (Beyonce Knowles) and their baby, Kyle (Nathan and Nicholas Myers). The drive up to their new home and Sharon removes the sold sign and they go inside. While the baby sleeps, Derek and Sharon play a game of hide and seek in the empty rooms; this includes a tour of the attic, which is only beams and insulation. The game ends in their bedroom where the two enjoy a quickie while awaiting the moving van. When the movers arrive, Sharon directs the layout of the furniture and Derek heads into his office. Arriving at his office, he jumps into a crowded elevator and notices a white, blond hot chick (Ali Larter) carrying a stack of files. She remains in the elevator after everyone else gets off. She checks him out when hes not looking and he does the same. He asks if shes a client, she says shes a temp and this surprises him. When she drops all the files, he bends to help her and their hands touch. Derek looks uncomfortable and she smiles. When he gets off on his floor, she does the same. He asks her whom shes there to see and she says 'Derek Charles'. He tells her to watch out because he heard Derek Charles is a real asshole and tells her good luck. She later realizes his little joke and drops the files off with his assistant. Derek is a very successful asset manager with a large firm. As Derek leaves for the day he tells good luck on her next assignment and she says the company is actually keeping her for a few days, but he doesnt hear her, as he never stopped walking. She looks a little sad and turns back to her computer. The next day Derek arrives at work to find the temp, who introduces herself as Lisa Sheridan sitting at the desk of his assistant, Patrick (Matthew Humphreys). He asks what happened to Patrick and she replies, stomach flu. He says, "Well grab a pen and pad and lets get to work." Lisa sits across from Derek and he rattles of a list of to dos, many of which she has already taken care of. He asks if hes going to fast and she says, "No, I'm waiting for you to catch up". She proves to be very efficient and attracts the attention of most of the men in the office including Dereks best friend Ben (Jerry O'Connell) and his boss Joe Gage (Bruce McGill). Both of who comment on Dereks good luck. It seems, his wife was the last hot chick working in the office and Derek snatched her up and married her and now he has the new hot chick working for him. Over the course of the next few days, Lisa proves to be a creepy but very capable assistant. She even listens in on Derek and Sharon's conversations. When Derek and Sharon are talking one night, she asks why he didnt return her call and he says I didnt get the message. He then tells her the new girl got the message wrong and gave him the wrong name, (I think she said Cheryl). His wife asks him where is Patrick and he tells her out sick, she asks, I thought we agreed no female assistants? and tells him to get rid of her. She asks what does Lisa look like and he replies, "plain". Patrick returns and he breathes a sigh of relief that Lisa is gone, but then he sees her at the desk of Marge (Bonnie Perlman) who is Joe's assistant. It appears Marge also has the stomach flu. Derek looks like he feels just as sick when he sees her. At home he and Lisa are discussing her future and her desire to go back to school and finish her degree. He would rather Sharon stay home with Kyle, but she reminds him that he promised after the baby was born that she could go back to school. A few days later, Sharon brings Kyle to the office and is sitting in Derek's office talking when Lisa comes in for a report Joe is requesting. She comes over and introduces herself to Sharon who calls Lisa by the wrong name. She corrects Sharon and begins to coo and fawn over Kyle before heading back to work. Sharon says theres one thing that girl aint and its plain. Derek says he wouldn't know because the only woman he notices is Sharon. She rolls her eyes and they take Kyle around the office. Lisa goes into Derek's office, looks at a photo of his family and opens his CD case and looks at the music inside and notices one labeled Credo. The next day theres a CD on his desk and he inserts it to find its a live recording of the band. Lisa sends him an IM saying she knew he liked the group and its a bootleg copy. He tells her the band rocks and get back to work. She smiles as she watches him bop to the beat. The next day at work, Derek walks into the break room and finds Lisa in tears. He says "hi" and makes his way to the refrigerator for his lunch. As he turns to walk out and almost makes it out of the door before turning and asking if shes okay. She tells him she was just dumped and wonders if theres something wrong with her. He tells her that she is a smart and beautiful woman and if he was single He cuts himself off and pats her arm and says everything is going to be okay. As hes leaving Ben walks in and looks at the two of them questioningly. Patrick and Lisa have bonded and he asks her how often did she listen in on Derek's conversations. She laughs and says we need to have cocktails and clue her in on all the office gossip. The office Christmas party approaches and no spouses are allowed. Sharon reminds Derek to remember to eat something before drinking and have fun. At the party Derek dances with Marge for a little while before Lisa cuts in. She maneuvers them to the mistletoe and tells Derek that if he doesnt kiss her the staff will talk more than if he did kiss her. He says well Ill have to take that chance, laughs and walks away heading to the mens room. When he walks into the stall, Lisa suddenly appears and follows him inside. She is all over him, trying to kiss him, pulling his shirt out of his pants as he tries in vain to avoid her. They hear a drunken guy at the urinal whos trying to peek into the stall to see whos inside making out. He keeps shushing Lisa and she keeps trying to get into his pants. When the guy leaves he forcefully pushes her away as she asks, "What's wrong?" He tells her to stop and leaves the mens room. He grabs his jacket and hurriedly leaves the party. As Lisa returns to the party smoothing down her dress, Patrick who saw Derek leave first, makes a catty remark and Lisa says, "Oh, dance with me you queen." They both laugh as they dance. That night as he slips into bed Sharon asks how was the party and he says the same old same old. She asks, Did anything exciting happen? He says nope and pulls her close as she goes back to sleep. The next day Derek sees Lisa at the office and she acts like nothing happens. He gives her a wide berth the entire day. Later that day she comes into his office and apologizes for her behavior. Derek tells her dont worry about it. She smiles and leaves. Derek later confides to Ben about what happened at the party. Ben jokes that he is so jealous and Derek tells him its not funny. He tells Ben that hes going to HR to get rid of Lisa and Ben tells him to be careful; she may turn it around on him. He goes to see the HR Manager Hank (Rick Ruccolo) and says he needs to talk to him about Lisa. Hank tells him Lisa has resigned. Derek breathes a sigh of relief and tells Hank that he thought she might have been in over her head. That evening in the parking garage, Derek gets into his car to leave. As he turns to fasten his seatbelt, Lisa jumps into the car wearing a trench coat. He asks her what the hell is she doing and she opens the coat to reveal a sexy bra/panty outfit complete with fish net stockings. She tells him, its okay now that they no longer work together. He tells her to get out of his car. She continues to squirm in the seat and he yells louder to get out of his car. She asks, "Why are you being this way?" He reaches over her, opens the door and starts to push her out. She screams, "you are an asshole!" and gets out of the car enraged. He peels away with her standing there. That night, he vows to tell Sharon whats going on. He walks into the house and Sharon is sitting at the dining room table holding the phone and a glass of wine. He sees the sad look on her face and asks whats wrong. She says "I just spent the last hour and a half talking my sister off the ledge". It seems her husband had confessed to having an affair and is leaving her. Well of course, he doesnt tell her about Lisa. Big Mistake. After a New Years Eve party, Derek and Sharon return home when his email beeps. Derek sees its from Lisa and tries to ignore it. Sharon says it may be word on the big account Derek has been working on and he should open it. When she goes into the bathroom, he opens the email and its a sexy picture of Lisa, which multiplies into countless windows that cover his screen. As he frantically tries to close them all, he tells Sharon its just spam. At work the next day he e-mails Lisa, saying simply, "leave me alone". The message goes right past her as she responds with a big happy face that winks at Derek. A few days later, Derek is packing for a work retreat. Its being held at a local hotel and the guys at the office are all looking forward to it. She tells him to behave and dont get too drunk doing all that male bonding. At the retreat, Derek, Joe and Ben and another co-worker are sitting around the pool drinking when they decide to visit a mens club for some adult entertainment. The waitress brings Derek a drink and says its from the woman at the bar. As he turns he can only see a partial view of the woman. Dereks phone rings and he answers telling the guys its Sharon. As he walks away to talk to her, he sees Lisa approaching him. He quickly hangs up, leaving Sharon puzzled. He asks, "What the hell are you doing here?" She tells him well of course, Im here to see you. He tells her shes crazy and needs help. She tells him how much fun they can have, and he looks at her as if shes sprouted another head. She tells him to come up to her room and tells him "I'm in 610". He informs her that he is not coming to her room. She says sweetly, "or should I come to yours?" He tells her flat out that nothing is going to happen between them and to get some help. His phone rings and when he turns to answer Lisa slips a powdered substance in the glass. He turns to leave and comes back and grabs the glass saying goodbye for good Lisa. He heads back to the table and says hes in for the club with the rest of the guys. Later that night, Ben and Derek are walking down the hall. Derek is visibly drunk, swaying into the walls and everything. He tells Ben the last drink did him in. He goes into his room as Ben reminds him of their 9:00 meeting. Derek falls across the bed moaning. He turns over to see Lisa hovering over him. Hes incapable of fighting her off as she rubs and massages and kisses him. Derek passes out with Lisa astride him. The next morning he wakes up in obvious hang over hell. He looks at the clock and realizes its already 9:30. He jumps out of bed and makes it to the meeting by 10:15. His boss Joe tells him hes glad he could make it as Derek slinks into his seat muttering about oversleeping. Two hours later, the meeting is still dragging on when the desk clerk interrupts to tell Derek his wife is in the lobby. Derek excuses himself and the man says shes right over there. Of course its Lisa. Now, NOW hes getting angry. She says, "I know youre bored in there so I thought Id rescue you, Wanna go have lunch?" Derek tells Lisa she really is insane. She starts rambling again about how he wants her, how he told her if he was single theyd be together and on and on. She then threatens to go into the meeting and tell them everything. He grabs her arm and yanks her toward the meeting telling her to do it, tell them the truth I want you to. Of course she hesitates and again asks, "Why are you being this way? " He says I dont want you! She then heads toward the room asking, "Who do you think they would believe?" He tells her in no uncertain terms that there will NEVER be anything between them and she needs to leave him alone. He turns and goes back into the meeting. Later on, Derek enters his room and lo and behold, Lisa is in his bed. He says, "Aw, hell no" and tries to yank her out of the bed. He then notices an empty pill bottle and the fact that shes unconscious. He calls 911. We later see Lisa on a gurney and Derek telling Ben hell explain it all later. That night, the phone awakens Ben. It's Sharon asking where Derek is, as hes not answering his cell and she hasnt heard from him. He tells her that maybe she should talk to Derek at the hospital. Of course she freaks out and heads over to the hospital. As she skids around the corner she sees Derek and runs to hug him. Before he can tell her what has happened, the doctor approaches him and tells him that it was a close call but Lisa will be all right. Sharon says, "Lisa, what the hell is going on?" Derek tries to calm her down when Detective Reese (Christine Lahti) walks up and asks to talk to Derek. The detective is asking questions and Sharon is asking questions and Derek looks constipated. When the detective asks why Lisa tried to overdose in Dereks bed, Sharon comes unglued. Derek is trying to calm her down and the detective keeps asking one loaded question after another. Derek tries to tell her that Lisa is crazy, but this falls on deaf ears. Lisa even gave Derek as her emergency contact. Sharon has heard enough and walks away with Derek following her. The ride home is tense and Sharon explodes as soon as the sitter leaves. She accuses Derek of sleeping with Lisa, which he of course denies. He tells Sharon about all the things that Lisa did and she asks "why in the hell am I just hearing all this?" She reminds him about their vow to always tell each other the truth. He says hes so sorry and orders him out of their house. Plates are thrown and tears are shed before he finally leaves. The next day at work Joe advises Derek that what happened at the retreat could open them up to a huge lawsuit and he takes Derek off the big account. Detective Reese visits Lisa in the hospital and questions her about their relationship. Lisa tells her that Derek is going to divorce Sharon and they will be together. She asks if Derek is there to see her. Detective Reese tells her that she doesn't think Derek wants to see her; as a matter of fact she knows he doesn't. Lisa asks, "well why did he send those flowers?" There is a huge bouquet on the table with a card reading, "I'm so sorry about yesterday, I love you. Derek." Detective Reese looks at the card and Lisa very skeptically. After talking with Lisa, Detective Reese meets with Derek and tells him about the flowers. He tells her he never sent Lisa flowers. Derek says that Lisa must have taken the credit card info when she worked in his office and sent the flowers to herself to make it appear to everybody that he cares for Lisa. Detective Reese also reveals a journal Lisa kept detailing all the intimate details of their romance, which of course never happened. Derek again stresses that Lisa is crazy and he's worried about what she might do. Detective Reese reassures him that he doesn't have to worry as Lisa is now in San Francisco with her sister. The next few scenes are of Derek in his hotel room, playing with his son and Sharon alone at home. We later find out that he has been out of the house for a few months. One day he drops his son off at home and tells Sharon that his birthday is approaching and asks if he can spend it with her. She agrees to go to dinner with him. She tells him she has a gift but will give it to him once she sees how the evening goes. During dinner he begs Sharon to let him return home. He tells her she and Kyle are his world and he wants his family back. She slides the box over to him and its his house key. Back at the house, the babysitter Samantha (Scout Taylor-Compton) is texting and listening to music as the doorbell rings. She opens the door and it's Lisa. She waltzes in saying she's a friend of Sharon's and she has a present for Kyle and heads upstairs. Samantha tries to stop her when Lisa says, "You mean Sharon didn't tell you I was coming?" She pulls out her cell phone and has a pretend conversation with Sharon. When she finishes, Lisa offers the phone to Samantha and asks if she needs to speak to Sharon, of course she doesn't or the movie would end here. She turns and says it will only be a second. Lisa heads to the nursery and stands looking down at Kyle. The next scene shows Lisa rocking Kyle and kissing his head. Lisa then leaves without Samantha even noticing. Derek and Sharon arrive home and ask Samantha how did things go. She says "fine and your friend stopped by". Sharon respons by saying "Friend? What friend?" They both bolt up the stairs and find the nursery empty. Sharon screams call 911 as they frantically search for Kyle. Derek runs for the car to search for him and sees Kyle in his car seat with a huge lipstick kiss on his forehead. Cut to the hospital and the doctor telling Sharon and Derek that the baby is fine. Detective Reese offers Derek and Sharon police protection and Derek asks if he should by a gun. Instead he opts for installing a security system. At the office, Patrick gets a surprise call from Lisa who he hasnt heard from in months. He tells her he could get fired for talking to her. She tells him dont worry you wont get fired and asks him hasnt he heard the news. He asks what news? She tells him Derek is divorcing Sharon to be with her. He laughs and says that cant be true because they are planning a big weekend visiting Sharons parents. Motor-mouth spills the beans that Kyle is with Sharons sister, Sharon is driving to her parents and Derek will travel by plane the following day. Lisa abruptly hangs up. Back at the house Sharon is preparing to leave for the weekend. She gets into her car and calls Derek to tell him she is heading out. He asks did she turn on the security system, she remembers that she didnt and heads back to the house. Cut to the house and Lisa breaking in through the back door and entering the house carrying a bottle of champagne and two glasses. She goes into their bedroom and takes off her clothes. Wearing Lisa's nightshirt, she sprinkles rose petals all over the bed. Downstairs, Sharon enters the house and is entering the alarm code when she hears the pop of the champagne bottle up stairs. She slowly climbs the stairs to investigate the noise. When she enters the bedroom Lisa is in their bed. Sharon says, "Oh, you really are crazy." Lisa tells her that she's sorry that their family is breaking up but she and Derek are in love and are going to be together. Sharon tells her to get out of their house. When Lisa approaches her, Sharon grabs her and slings her toward the door. At this moment the phone rings. Both women make a mad dash for the phone and Sharon grabs it first. It's Derek making sure she is okay. She tells him that she found Lisa in their house and then simply says, "I'm going to have to call you back," and then hangs up. Sharon turns towards Lisa, and a climatic and very brutal cat-fight begins. The two women kick, slap, punch, head butt and finally tumble their way down a staircase. While Sharon is stunned, Lisa gets up and runs back upstairs. Sharon is right on her heels and the women end up in the attic. Arming herself with a 2-by-4 piece of wood, Lisa proceeds to use Sharon's legs as batting practice. Balancing herself on some badass four-inch heels, Sharon backs up along a strip of wood, taunting Lisa to come and get her. Lisa swings and falls onto a weak portion of flooring and falls through. Hanging on for dear life, Lisa dangles from the ceiling and we get a view of the floor below and the huge glass coffee table below. Suddenly having a change of heart over letting Lisa fall to her death, Sharon suddenly grabs Lisa's hand and tries to pull her up. And in return the psychotic Lisa tries to pull Sharon with her. Sharon finally finds her cajones and pries Lisa's fingers apart and Lisa drops, crashing into the table below. Lying amidst the glass and twisted metal, Lisa slowly opens her eyes and tries to move. But the swinging chandelier gets her attention, weakened by her fall through the ceiling; it is hanging on by a cord. When it stops swinging, it suddenly falls spearing Lisa beneath it, killing her at last. Sharon slowly walks out the front door as Detective Reese drives up asking what happened. Sharon says, "You know what happened", and she walks into Derek's arms. 
 Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2016)761) Alice returns to where the nightmare began: The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse. Picking up immediately after the events in Resident Evil: Retribution, Alice (Milla Jovovich) is the only survivor of what was meant to be humanity's final stand against the undead. Now, she must return to where the nightmare began - The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse. Screen Gems / Constantin Alice receives crucial information about the imminent elimination of the rest of humanity from an unlikely source and with the help of a few survivors embarks on a perilous journey to The Hive in Raccoon City to stop it, all the while fighting off infected creatures as well as agents of the Umbrella Corporation. simonsaysulose Designed to cure his young daughter Alicia's Progeria--an incurable, progressive, and fatal malady--Professor James Marcus makes a breakthrough only a few weeks after the devastating events in Resident Evil: Retribution (2012) by discovering the T-Virus: a seemingly miraculous remedy that will bring humankind to its knees within hours. Now, to retrieve the last vial of anti-virus, Alice must race the clock and break back into the ruined Umbrella Corporation Headquarters in Raccoon City, to save the remaining human survivors that are still uninfected. However, the impenetrable underground stronghold known as The Hive is riddled with the hordes of the ravenous animated dead, as Alice's megalomaniac arch-nemesis, Dr Alexander Isaacs, has a plan for immortality of his own. Is there any hope left for humanity? Nick Riganas Dr. James Marcus, founder of the Umbrella Corporation, had a daughter who was dying of premature aging. Desperate to save her, Marcus discovered the T-virus. The virus had the side effect of sudden and uncontrollable mutation; a boy died in a cable car ascending to Table Mountain, then reanimated and killed the other passengers. When Marcus tried to have the program shut down, his colleague, Dr. Alexander Isaacs, ordered Albert Wesker to kill him. Isaacs created the Red Queen avatar using images of Marcus' daughter.. After The Events Of 2012's "Resident Evil:Retribution" The Forces Of Good And Evil Are Gearing Up For A Final Clash For The Survival Of The Human Race,But Humanity's Answer Is The One And Only Alice (Milla Jovovich) As She Prepares To Finish Off And Bring Down The Most No.1 Powerful Evil Megacorporation Which Is The Umbrella Corporation,As The Hordes Of The Undead And Murderous Creatures Continue On Their Campaign Of Killing And Eradicating The Last Remaining Human Survivors She Will Reunite With Her Long-Lost Friend Claire Redfield (Ali Larter) And The Remaining Members Of The Anti-Umbrella Resistance Movement They Must Race Against Time To Go To Raccoon City And To Find The Hive Where All The Nightmare Happened As The Upper Ones Of The Umbrella Corporation Is Going To Unleash The Ultimate Genocidal Apocalypse To Recreate The Earth In Their Own So-Called "Self-Image" For Their Own Homicidal Agenda.With The Help Of The Red Queen (Ever Anderson) And Alicia Marcus(which turns out to be Alice's clone)Alice Must Retrieve A New Remedy Which Is The Anti-Virus Before It Falls Into Enemy Hands And Put A Swift And Retributive End To The Umbrella Corporation's Reign Of Terror And Mass Annihilation.This Is Earth's Last And Final Battle And The End Of All The Destruction Of The Human Race. John Joshua C.Fernandez-Manila,Philippines Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Alice (Milla Jovovich) explaining the origin of the T-virus. Dr. James Marcus (Mark Simpson) wanted to create a cure for his daughter Alicia (Ever Anderson), who was suffering from progeria. Marcus created a cure within the Umbrella Corporation, but soon, he would be betrayed by his colleague Dr. Alexander Isaacs (Iain Glen) after Marcus wanted to shut down the program after seeing the devastating effects of the virus. Isaacs has Albert Wesker (Shawn Roberts), the CEO of Umbrella, suffocate Marcus to death, and Isaacs would later become Alicia's guardian and hold her share of the company. Isaacs created the Red Queen in Alicia's likeness and let the T-virus break out in Raccoon City, and within months, the entire planet would be infected over the next 10 years. In the opening scene, Alice is wandering around the ruins of Washington DC by herself. She finds a pond of water and begins drinking before she is attacked by an infected mutant. Alice kills it and then finds a car. A flying monster swoops down and tries to kill Alice but she gets the car started and drives away. The monster chases after Alice. She gets ahead of it and rides off a ramp to slam into it against a wall. It's still alive, but Alice finds a clay-more bomb in the back of the car. She detonates it and blows the monster up. Alice enters a building and is met by the Red Queen. She knows that Wesker betrayed Alice and the other survivors in Washington three weeks ago (events from the previous film 'Retribution'). The Red Queen tells Alice that there is an airborne antivirus located within The Hive of the Umbrella Corporation in the ruins of Racoon City, and she has 48 hours to get there and unleash it, or else Umbrella will launch one last strike against the survivors. When Alice questions why the Red Queen would help her, she points out a mutant behind Alice. Alice kills it. Alice makes her way toward the ruins of Raccoon City in a stolen car but is ensnared in a trap laid out by Umbrella mercenaries. They start to attack Alice, but she gets the upper hand and starts kicking their asses and shooting them dead. She tries to take one of their motorcycles, but it only works for Umbrella operatives, so it electrocutes her and knocks her out. Several hours later, Alice wakes up inside a convoy with with other survivors who have been captured. She is greeted by Isaacs. Alice at first questions how he's still alive after she killed him (in "Extinction") but she realizes she killed one of his clones. Isaacs has Alice's hands tied to the back of the convoy, so she has to run as thousands of the undead zombies are chasing her. She hops back onto the convoy and starts fighting Isaacs' henchmen. Isaacs steps out to take on Alice himself. She chops off his hand so she can take control of the motorcycle and escape. Alice arrives in the ruins of Raccoon City and sees that The Hive is on the other side of a massive crater in the ground. She heads on over and is hit by a trap set up by some survivors. She is taken in by Doc (Eoin Macken), Razor (Fraser James), Christian (William Levy), and Cobalt (Rola). They try to hold Alice captive until Claire Redfield (Ali Larter) steps out and sees Alice. Doc treats Alice, and she learns that he and Claire have formed a relationship. Clare explains how she got away from the Umbrella operatives on the Arcadia ship (at the beginning of the fifth film 'Retribution'). Alice explains her intentions and plan to storm The Hive in order to get the cure. Meanwhile, Isaacs leads the Umbrella military convoy toward Raccoon City with the undead following closely. The survivors gear up for the impending attack. Alice meets Abigail (Ruby Rose), a mechanic that built most of the machinery in the hideout. With her help, the survivors construct traps as the undead start closing in. The survivors launch flaming barrels of gasoline into the undead crowd, along with sending huge chunks of debris down on them. A female survivor starts running toward the hideout. The group tries to protect her, but Isaacs has her shot dead before she can reach the gate. The survivors start making their way toward The Hive. Cobalt gets killed and eaten by the undead. Alice fights one of Isaacs' henchman, Chu (Joon-Gi Lee). He nearly overpowers her until Alice shoots him. They tie Chu to the back of the convoy, but he's not as fast as Alice and he becomes zombie food. Isaacs orders Wesker (who's operating from Umbrella's main building alongside the Red Queen) to send out the Cerberus dogs to attack the survivors. Christian is mauled by one of the dogs, and the rest of the group escapes by jumping into the river. The team heads inside The Hive and are confronted by a now undead Christian. He chases the team into the building as the walls start closing in. Alice fights Christian and gets out before the walls close on him. As they advance further, they encounter a computer with the Red Queen speaking to them. When asked why she is helping them, the Red Queen shows the group a video file of a board meeting in Umbrella with Isaacs deciding that they must go ahead and willingly kick-start the apocalypse and weed out the strongest survivors among them. The Red Queen considers it as going against what she was programmed to do. She tells Alice to take an earpiece so that she may inform her that there is an Umbrella informant among them. The team must go through a rotating fan. Wesker has it go in reverse, causing the fan to suck the air in the opposite direction and pull the team toward it. Alice grabs Abigail before she gets pulled in, but Abigail loses her grip on the bag she's holding onto, and she gets shredded by the fan. The team gets closer to their destination. They crawl through some vents which lead to some members falling through trap doors. Alice and Razor fall into a room where Razor gets killed by a mutant beast. Alice shoots it multiple times, but it doesn't die. Alice battles the beast and eventually kills it. The three survivors of Alice, Claire, and Doc make it to the top floor of the facility to encounter the original Isaacs (the one from before was another clone). Alice considers her options in killing him with an ice pick, decanter, and glass at her disposal, but Isaacs has a protective software in his lens that allows him to anticipate a possible attack. He holds the antivirus and threatens to drop it unless Alice drops her gun. Doc doesn't drop his, and Alice figures he was the informant. Isaacs then reveals to Alice that she was always a clone of Alicia Marcus. With this revelation, the antivirus would kill her since it would destroy anything infected by the T-virus. The original Alicia (also Milla Jovovich) is an old woman in a wheelchair who missed out on life due to her illness. She blames herself for the outbreak because she felt she was too weak. Wesker appears and holds Claire at gunpoint. Since the Red Queen cannot harm an Umbrella employee, Alicia fires Wesker, allowing the system to slam a door down and sever Wesker's foot. Isaacs gets away and Alice leaves Doc to Claire. She shoots him in the head for his deception. Alice leaves Wesker with a detonator in his hand for when he is ready to die. Alice and Claire go after Isaacs. They fight him as he ascends on a platform. Alice follows him into the laser grid. Isaacs holds her hand and has her fingers severed, but Alice takes the opportunity to pull a pin from a grenade in Isaacs' pocket. It blows up on his side. Alice takes the antivirus from his pocket and kicks him down. Alice goes outside to drop the antivirus as time is about to run out. She drops it but Isaacs catches it. Just then, the Isaacs clone arrives with the undead army. He sees the original Isaacs and is in disbelief that he is not the original himself. Clone Isaacs stabs Original Isaacs to death before the undead tear into the clone. Alice drops the antivirus before the undead catch up to her. Within seconds, every single one of them drops dead for good. Wesker takes his thumb off the detonator, causing the facility to blow up and kill him and Alicia. Alice then collapses. Alice wakes up to Claire telling her she succeeded. Alice wonders how she is still alive. A projection of the Red Queen tells Alice that the antivirus destroyed the T-virus cells in her body, but her healthy cells kept her alive. Alice asks why the Red Queen didn't tell her this before, and she states that she needed to know that Alice would be willing to sacrifice herself for the rest of humanity. She shows Alice that before Alicia died, she uploaded her memories to give to Alice so that Alice may remember the life Alicia used to have now that she is the woman Alicia could never be. In the final scene, Alice rides away on her motorcycle alone. Her voice-over states that it could take years for the antivirus to completely spread across the globe, and that her work is not done. She is pursued by three winged monsters flying overhead. Alice simply grins and keeps on riding. 