nm0009424:

 I Spit on Your Grave 2 (2013)431) When Katie innocently accepts an offer to have new photos taken for her portfolio, the experience quickly turns into a nightmare of rape, torture and kidnapping. Now, she will have to find the strength to exact her brutal revenge. Katie is trying to make it in the cutthroat world of modeling. When she innocently accepts an offer to have new photos taken for her portfolio, the experience quickly turns into an unthinkable nightmare of rape, torture, and kidnapping. When a twist of fate finally frees her from her captors - beaten, battered, bruised, and broken, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive her ordeal, but to ultimately find the strength to exact her brutal revenge. Anonymous With her amateurish portfolio in need of a drastic upgrade and the professional touch, the young waitress and aspiring Manhattan model, Katie Carter, toys with the idea of having a free photography session. Unable to resist the tempting offer, Katie decides to give it a go, only to painfully regret it when she finds herself brutally violated, mercilessly tortured, buried alive, and left to die later that night. Now, if Katie ever escapes her grave, she will have to summon up the courage to do the unthinkable, hoping and praying that she can turn the tables on her perverted captors. But, Katie's will to survive knows no boundaries, transforming her into an implacable angel of vengeance. Does Katie have what it takes to exact her revenge? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Katie (Jemma Dallender) is an aspiring model from Missouri who works as a waitress in a New York City restaurant. Desperate to update her portfolio, she calls an ad which advertises free professional photos. She then meets three Bulgarian siblings; Ivan (Joe Absolom), appears as a photographer, and his brothers Nikolai (Aleksandar Aleksiev) and Georgy (Yavor Baharoff), as assistants. Georgy is seemingly infatuated with Katie, and she leaves after disagreeing with Ivan about her taking a topless shot. Later, Georgy arrives at Katie's apartment and proceeds to bind, gag, and anally rape her. Katie's neighbor, Jayson (Michael Dixon), arrives and tries to stop the rape but is stabbed, leaving him to witness Katie's ordeals before he dies. Katie is force-fed ketamine by Georgy after his brothers arrive and renders her unconscious. When she awakes, she finds herself stripped naked and handcuffed to a pipe and lying on a dirty mattress in an old basement. She is gang raped and tortured relentlessly by the three brothers. When she manages to overpower Georgy and escape from the building, she finds herself that she has been abducted to the rapists' home country and is in Sofia, Bulgaria. Katie goes to the nearest police station to give a statement. Detective Kiril (Georgi Zlatarev) hands Jennifer over to Ana (Mary Stockley), a woman who claims to be from a rape crisis center. Katie tells Ana to go to American embassy but instead, is not embassy she wanted to go but the house of Ana where Katie was sadistically tortured by the men. Ana turns out to be Nikolai and Georgy's mother, and takes pleasure of Katie's ordeals. Katie is returned to the basement and solicited to Valko (Peter Silverleaf), who was one of the family's late-patriarch's friends. Valko tasers her genitals then rapes her, leaving her bloodied afterward. Ivan then comes down and beats Katie. Katie is placed in a box and buried alive along with Valko's taser and her crucifix necklace, but the ground the coffin is on breaks and she falls into the sewers below. Naked and with nothing to eat, Katie begins stealing from a nearby church and is eventually caught by Father Dimov (Valentine Pelka), who recognizes that she's a rape victim. He allows her to take food and clothing, and offers her a Bible. Katie is next seen outside the U.S Embassy, but leaves before going in. Later, she returns to the church and Dimov tells her that he knows she has been raped and offer supports. Katie goes back to the sewers, leaving her Bible open to where Dimov can read. After reading a scripture, Dimov realizes that Katie seeks revenge against her rapists. Katie plans her attempt by first sneaking into and stealing money from Ana's house, using them to purchase clothes, weapons, and supplies. She places her crucifix in Georgy's coffee at a caf afterwards. Katie lures Georgy into the sewers, where she captures him around the neck and then hangs him by his arms on the wall. She brutally tortures Georgy with a pocket knife, smearing fecal matter into his wounds to set infection in, then leaving him to die slow and painfully as he did to Jayson. Meanwhile, Father Dimov has contacted Detective Kiril, who realizes that Katie is still in trouble. Both men seek to save Katie from herself, in addition to help her see that justice would be served. At a nightclub that evening, Katie laces Nikolai's drink with ecstasy and he runs to the bathroom, where she violently drowns him in a toilet full of urine and then into feces. The next day, during a congregation, Valko sees Katie lurking about. He chases after her through the door into the basement where Katie strikes him with a rock. When he regains consciousness, he is strapped to a bed and is tased in his genitals as he had done to her before putting a cable on his mouth. She ultimately electrocutes him to death by sending a powerful current of electricity through the cable. Ana finds her house has been burglarized and Katie pushes her through the fallen ground into the sewers. Ana is bound in a box and forced to watch while Georgy dies. Ivan sees the opened ground thus realizing that Katie is still alive and has escaped, but he is later captured by her and tied to a table. Katie then tortures Ivan by having his testicles crushed. Elsewhere, Kiril hears Ivan and Ana's screams and follows them to the sewers. During the tortures, Ivan reveals that Ana is his stepmother, who herself was Ivan's late-father's victim before marrying her rapist. Nikolai and Georgy were products of Ana's rapes. Katie realizes Ana's sadistic nature, thus lacking any morality or conscience. Kiril arrives and holds his gun up to Katie when she's about to kill them both, who is then suddenly grabbed and strangled by Ivan. Kiril shoots Ivan in the head and lets Katie leave. Ana is left as the sole survivor, leaving her to be arrested by Kiril for her part in her family's crimes. In the final shot, Katie arrives at the US embassy and walks towards it before the screen cuts to black. 
 EastEnders (1985 )Summaries The everyday lives of working-class inhabitants of Albert Square, a traditional Victorian square of terrace houses surrounding a park in the East End of London's Walford borough. The square includes the Queen Vic pub and a street market. Set in the East End of London, the show focuses on the tensions between love and family with stories ranging from hard-hitting social issues, to personal, human tragedies. And there's plenty of funny moments too. Classic characters old and new across thousands of episodes have shared a drink in The Queen Vic, shed tears of despair or joy, sat on Arthur's bench in the Square - and at some point or other they probably crossed paths with Ian Beale. ahmetkozan A British soap that has been running since 1985, about the lives of people living on Albert Square in the fictitious Walford borough of East London. James2001 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Doc Martin (20042022)431) The trials and tribulations of Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes), a socially challenged doctor who moves from London to the picturesque village of Port Wenn in Cornwall. Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes), a London-based surgeon, relocates to the picturesque seaside village of Port Wenn, where he establishes himself as the area's general practitioner. He grew up in the area, having been raised by his now-widowed Aunt Joan Norton (Stephanie Cole). His reasons for leaving London and the high-paid life of a surgeon are not clear initially but related to a phobia he has. He soon meets several of the locals and eccentricity abounds. Martin's situation is made more difficult by what can only be referred as an almost complete lack of an acceptable bedside manner. He is gruff, abrupt, and intolerant, not only in issues related to medicine, but to life in general. He and the headmistress of the local school, Louisa Glasson (Caroline Catz), are clearly attracted to each other and, despite their awkwardness, slowly develop a relationship. garykmcd Make an appointment with the brilliant but socially awkward and neurotic Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes). When Martin develops an aversion to blood, he abandons his career as a celebrated London surgeon and becomes the only doctor in a sleepy small town where his tactless manner soon has the whole town in an uproar. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Doc Martin" is a British television medical comedy drama series starring Martin Clunes in the title role as Doc Martin Ellingham. Created by Dominic Minghella, Mark Crowdy, and Craig Ferguson, the program is set in the fictional seaside village of Portwenn, filmed on location in the actual village of Port Isaac, Cornwall, United Kingdom. Doc Martin arrives at his new position to find his office in chaos, including an incompetent receptionist. The program revolves around Ellingham's interactions with the local Cornish people and patients he treats. Despite his medical excellence, he is gruff, abrupt, and has little to no social skills. His brusque speaking pattern and emotionless interactions offend most of the people he comes across. Most perceive him to be short tempered and lacking in a bedside manner. He exhibits no patience for small talk and simple niceties. He is an excellent doctor, though, with impeccable credentials and skills far surpassing a general practitioner's. The towns people eventually discover his fear of blood and notice his frequent and debilitating bouts of nausea and vomiting that it causes. However, Doc Martin proves to be an expert diagnostician and responds effectively to various emergencies in his medical practice and gains a grudging respect from the villagers. The seasons run between 2004 and 2017. The eighth and most recent season aired on ITV in September 2017 and streamed in the United States on Public Television and Canada on Acorn TV. Season 9 began filming in Port Isaac in March 2019. In Season 9, he is scrutinized by the General Medical Council following complaints about his irascible approach to patients. It's not clear whether Season 9 is the final season, but Clunes hopes to return for more episodes Clunes said, "We love going to Cornwall to make 'Doc Martin,' and we miss it when we are not there. The county is so beautiful, and the people have been so warm and welcoming to us. It is the best job in television." In 2004, Doc Martin won the British Comedy Award for "Best TV Comedy Drama", having also been nominated as "Best New TV Comedy". In the same year, Martin Clunes won the "Best TV Comedy Actor" award, primarily for his portrayal of Doc Martin. Recurring cast members are Caroline Catz playing Doc Martin's wife, Louisa Ellingham, who resigned from her job as headmistress at the local school to pursue a new career in child counseling. Romantic interactions between them are strained due to his persona many times, and he often spoils rare tender moments between the two. The cast overall is consistent each season. Ian McNeice plays Bert Large, an odd amiable character, with Joe Absolom as his son, Al. John Marquez is PC Joe Penhale, similar to Barney Fife on "The Andy Griffith Show." Jessica Ransom is the doctor's receptionist Morwenna Newcross who has a very unique fashion sense. Selina Cadell is the eccentric pharmacist, Mrs. Tishell. Elaine Denham (Lucy Punch) played Doc Martin's original receptionist. For Seasons 2-4 she was replaced by Pauline Lamb (Katherine Parkinson), and later duties include drawing blood from patients. In Season 5, Morwenna Newcross (Jessica Ransom) took over. Ellingham's aunt, Joan Norton (Stephanie Cole), from "Waiting for God" (British sitcom), provides emotional support in the face of the controversy among the townspeople caused by his impatient manner. When she dies after a heart attack, her sister Ruth (Eileen Atkins), a retired psychiatrist, comes to Portwenn to take care of her affairs, and eventually decides to use the village as a permanent retreat, offering Martin the support Joan had provided. Viewers might notice this is a British version of small-town life, very similar to Mayberry of "The Andy Griffith Show" of the 1960's. There is a bumbling deputy with one police car, with a general feeling of no crime and but occasional shenanigans, particularly from Bert Lange, with his myriad get-rich schemes and business ventures. The townspeople often find themselves in ridiculous situations. Doc Martin is similar to Andy Griffith's sheriff character in his relative intelligence and stature in the community, and his ability to sort out whatever problems arise. With an overall comfy, pleasant feel of goodnatured people living in a slower, old-fashioned lifestyle, as envisioned and realized by the producer, Mark Crowdy, the goings-on in this seaside village resonate with viewers of the 21st century. 
 Long Time Dead (2002)Summaries A young college student and his friends use an Ouija board to hold a seance, triggering a chain of mysterious deaths that may be caused by an otherworldly force. A group of British students enbark on summoning spirits on a Ouija board after a night of clubbing. But someone breaks the link before they have finished and now a demon is trapped in their world and the only way to banish it, is for all the people who summoned it to die. Pete, England A group of British college students who are close friends embark on a night of intense partying including alcohol and drugs, and while under the influence, intent on a bit of fun, try to establish a link with the spirit world using a homemade Ouija board. However, fun is the last thing on their minds when the Ouija board spells out the words "All Die", and they give up on the board before closing the link to the spirit world and, unknown to them, unleash something evil into their world, and it isn't long before one of them is murdered by an unseen force. Soon they all find themselves terrified for their lives, as the spirit they have let out begins to kill them off, one by one. Dismal Angel It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 