nm0001844:

 Vacancy (2007)431) A married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room. They soon realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film. David and Amy Fox find themselves stranded in the middle of nowhere when their car breaks down. Luckily, they come across a motel with a TV to entertain them during their overnight stay. However, there's something very strange and familiar about the Grade-Z slasher movies that the motel broadcasts for its guests' enjoyment. They all appear to be filmed in the very same room they occupy! Realizing that they are trapped in their room with hidden cameras now aimed at them filming their every move, David and Amy desperately find a means of escape through locked doors, crawlspaces and underground tunnels before they too become the newest stars of the mystery filmmaker's next cult classic! alfiehitchie While driving during the night, David Fox leaves the interstate and takes a shortcut through a lonely road. He is in a divorce process with his wife Amy, who is sleeping in the car, after the loss of their son Charlie. In order to avoid hitting a raccoon, David breaks down the fan of his car and the couple finds stranded in the road. Without any other alternative, they decide to spend the night in a nasty low budget motel in the middle of nowhere. While watching some amateurish slash movies in the VCR, David realizes that they have been shot in their room. Sooner they discover that they are trapped in the place and surrounded by sadistic filmmakers of snuff movies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot Summary Ami and David, on their way home, take a shortcut and hit a raccoon and in the process damage their car. They stay at a motel where they find some snuff films shot in the same room. They try to escape but are stopped by the Manager of the Motel and his two killer side-kicks. They keep trying to escape. Ami gets to make a call to 911. In response an old policeman is sent and promptly killed by the killers upon his discovery of the snuff films. David is stabbed near the end and loses consciousness. Any escapes to drive a BMW and runs one killer over while also killing the other one in the process (he was hanging down and trying to grab her from the sunroof of the car). Finally she shoots the motel manager dead and finds David not quite dead yet. ******************************************************** Plot A couple, David (Luke Wilson) and Amy Fox (Kate Beckinsale) take a wrong turn on a remote mountain road. When their car breaks down, they realize they are in a cell phone dead zone, with no reception. They then decide to check into a completely isolated motel in a rural area with a strangely off-putting manager called Mason (Frank Whaley). While in their room, a bored David takes a peek at the video tapes left on top of the television. As he watches the tapes, he realizes they are snuff films, taken in the very room in which they are staying. The couple are alarmed by this as well as loud, insistent banging coming from the door to the adjacent room, and try to run away. Men dressed in black and wearing masks stop them, and they return to their room. David makes a run to the motel's payphone booth to no avail, escaping it just before a car crashes into it. The couple decides to lock themselves in the room when they notice a truck pull in. They try to warn the truck driver only to find out that he's actually there to buy a box of tapes of the snuff films. David and Amy escape into a tunnel that they discover in the bathroom of their room. Two of the masked people chase them inside the tunnel, but the couple evade them. David and Amy end up inside the manager's lair, where they find video monitors taping the entire hotel. Amy tries to make a call to 911 but is interrupted before she can give the operator any useful information. The couple sneak back into the tunnel, making their way into the auto garage across the lot from the motel. Meanwhile, the police unit responding to Amy's call arrives and David and Amy run to him as he checks the rooms. They all get inside the police car but it has been sabotaged and the killers murder the policeman while he looks under the hood. The couple run into one of the other motel rooms. David hides Amy in a space inside the ceiling, whilst he ventures out. The killers catch and stab David and he ends up lying unconscious in the doorway. When morning comes, Amy comes down from the ceiling and finds where the killers hid their car. As Amy drives away, a killer breaks into the car from the sun roof, and in her effort to fend him off while driving, Amy crashes the car into the motel, killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men, revealed to be the gas station attendant that earlier "helped" the couple with their car troubles, who is crushed against the front of the car. She runs into the reception area where she is attacked by an apoplectic Mason. As they fight, Mason beats Amy severely. But in his effort to get a good final shot with his handheld digital video camera, Mason throws Amy within reach of a revolver she had dropped, and she shoots Mason three times. Amy immediately runs to David to find that he is still barely alive. She searches Mason's body for the telephone cord he had pulled out of the wall and tried to use to strangle her, calls 911 again and returns to caress David, who is barely conscious but alive. 
 Broken Arrow (1996)761) Terrorists steal nuclear warheads from the U.S. military but don't count on a pilot and park ranger spoiling their plans. "Broken Arrow" is the term used to describe a nuclear device that has been lost. In this movie, two nuclear missiles are stolen by rogue US pilot Deakins, but hot on his trail is his co-pilot Hale and a Park Ranger, Terry. The action takes place in Utah's canyon country; a high stakes game of cat and mouse. Rob Hartill Major Vic Deakins and Captain Riley Hale are Air Force pilots sent on a mission to fly a B-3 bomber carrying two live nuclear warheads to test for radiation emissions over a desert in Utah. The mission is messed up when Vic tries to kill Riley, and the airplane crashes in the desert. The warheads were made to survive crashes. Before the crash, Vic and Riley parachuted off of the airplane. Vic and his right hand man Emmitt Kelly (Howie Long) steal the two warheads, and they plan to detonate the two warheads in Salt Lake City unless they receive $250,000,000 from the government. Lost in the desert, Riley is found by park ranger Terry Carmichael, who decides to help him find Vic and Emmitt. Terry and Riley soon discover that Vic plans to send the warheads to Salt Lake City on a train, but Vic has only one warhead to use after one of the warheads explodes inside of an abandoned copper mine that Vic was using as a hideout. Then Terry and Riley discover that Vic is actually sending the remaining warhead to an even bigger target -- Denver, Colorado, not Salt Lake City. Can they stop the train before it reaches Denver? Todd Baldridge Major Vic Deakins and Commander Riley Hale are training and combat partners and good friends. One day, they receive orders to perform another training exercise with a stealth bomber armed with real nuclear missiles. Then, in a flash, Deakins turns on Hale and crashes the bomber. The next morning, a team of soldiers, lead by a man named Emmitt Kelly, search for the lost Nuclear missiles. But, Kelly then kills off his own team and takes the missiles to Deakins. What Deakins is planning to do is demand the government to give him a promotion and money. But, it wasn't long at all before hale regained consciousness. He must stop Deakins from using the nuclear missiles to blow up the west with a help of a park ranger Teresa Charmichile. John Wiggins Major Deakins is a tough U.S. Air Force pilot who is assigned to a flight mission with 'nice-guy' Captain Hale. They are to fly the B3 Stealth Bomber on wargame maneuvers over Utah loaded with two live nuclear weapons. Deakins, having been continually passed over for promotion, sells out his country and arranges to use the thermonuclear warheads under his command to blackmail the U.S. government. The only thing standing in his way is his old buddy, Captain Hale.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A corrupt Air Force major intentionally crash lands a U.S. plane in the middle of the desert and holds two nuclear warheads for ransom. The only ones who can stop him are his co-pilot, a younger Air Force captain, and an ambitious U.S. park ranger patrolling the area. Cooper Williams Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Major Vic "Deak" Deakins (John Travolta) and Captain Riley Hale (Christian Slater) are pilots in the United States Air Force, stationed in the southwest United States. After a sparring match between the two where Deak also coaches Hale on how to dodge a blow from an opponent, the pilots are assigned to a top secret exercise on a B-3 Stealth Bomber (a fictional advanced version of the actual B-2 Spirit stealth bomber) with two B-83 nuclear bombs on board. Deakins and Hale take off from Whiteman Air Force Base carrying the two live nuclear weapons on an evening exercise over Utah. After successfully evading Air Force radar during the exercise, Deakins begins a friendly conversation to distract and shoot Hale. A struggle ensues, ending when Deakins ejects Hale. He then releases the bombs from the plane without detonating them. When the Air Force base regains radar contact with the aircraft, Deakins reports, "Hale's lost it. I'm punching out", and ejects, leaving the plane to crash into a mountainside over the Utah canyons. A search and rescue team is sent to recover the warheads. They do not find the warheads in the plane's payload bay wreckage and report a "Broken Arrow", a situation wherein nuclear weapons are missing. The team later locates the warheads in a canyon but are killed while recovering them by mercenaries, including Sgt. Kelly (Howie Long), a corrupt member of the team. Deakins arrives moments later and plots his next move with Pritchett (Bob Gunton), the operation's financier. Meanwhile, Hale survives the ejection and is found by Park Ranger Terry Carmichael (Samantha Mathis) whom, after a brief stand-off, he convinces to help him track down Deakins and foil his plot. After recovering the weapons from a hijacked Humvee and escaping to a nearby copper mine, Hale attempts to disable them using a safety feature which would render them unusable by intentionally entering the arming code incorrectly. Deakins, however, had anticipated this scenario, and Hale inadvertently arms the warhead. Finding himself unable to disarm the warhead, Hale decides to place the unarmed weapon deep in the abandoned mine to prevent them from being used elsewhere. Deakins arrives and secures the unarmed warhead, leaving Hale and Terry to die in the upcoming explosion. A helicopter chases Deakins, as the mercenaries proceed with their mission to blackmail the government with the threat of detonating the warhead in a civilian area. Pritchett berates him for allowing the helicopter to give chase, and Deakins, fed up with his complaining, kills Pritchett by crushing his throat with a flashlight. Hale and Terry escape from the mine via an underground river just before the bomb detonates. The bomb's EMP disables and subsequently destroys the NEST Team sent in to recover the warheads when their helicopter crashes and explodes. Terry and Hale track Deakins to a motorboat to be used for transporting the remaining warhead. While trying to steal the boat, Terry is forced to hide on board while Deakins moves the warhead. Military forces find Hale and arrest him, believing Deak's last transmission that Hale had lost his mind on the bomber. Hale is able to convince them otherwise. Hale deduces that Deakins intends to move the warhead on board a train and sets off in a helicopter to find the train and hunt down the remaining mercenaries. Deak had left an ID tag from a Salt Lake City hospital on the boat he'd used to escape. Believing that Deak will try to hide the bomb in the radiology department of the hospital, task forces are sent to Salt Lake City to intercept Deak if he arrives there. Hale thinks that Deak is trying a classic "rope-a-dope"; planting the Salt Lake ID to send the pursuit in the wrong direction. Hale suggests that since they have Salt Lake secured, they should check out Denver to the east. Hale's hunch is right and the pursuit finds Deak's train heading east. Aboard the train, Hale finds Terry, whom Deakins has tried, unsuccessfully, to threaten into arming the weapon. A gunfight ensues in which the helicopter that Hale was on with Colonel Wilkins (Delroy Lindo) is destroyed, and Wilkins and most of Deakins' mercenaries are killed. With his own helicopter sabotaged by Hale and his plan falling apart, Deakins decides to detonate the nuke early. Kelly, realizing they will have no chance to get away in time, holds Deakins at gunpoint and demands he disarm the weapon. As the train passes over a viaduct, Hale leaps into the boxcar and kicks Kelly out to his death below. Terry detaches the rear section of the train (with the bomb) from the front, but soon gets into a shootout with the engineer, resulting in the engineer falling on the train brakes and causing the train to stop. However, the detached boxcars continue to coast at high speed. Deakins, still in possession of a remote that can either disarm or detonate the bomb instantly, forces Hale to drop his gun and challenges him to a hand-to-hand fight. Hale uses his greater speed to match Deakins' strength, ultimately winning their rematch from the night before. Hale leaps out of the train at the last second with the weapon's remote control and disarms it. As he does so, the detached boxcars slam into the halted front half of the train. The impact from the collision propels the disarmed warhead into Deakins' chest, and the entire train derails, exploding in a fireball, incinerating Deakins. Hale survives and finds a 20-dollar bill fluttering on a twig in the debris - the same 20-dollar bill Deakins had won from him earlier during their boxing practice - plus the nuclear warhead, damaged but intact. He then finds Terry and they formally introduce themselves to each other amidst the wreckage. 
 Pulp Fiction (1994)761) The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption. Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents. Soumitra Faced with life's cruel irony, the unpredictable stories of a well-dressed pair of low-level hitmen; a gangster's statuesque moll, and a double-crossing prizefighter become inextricably intertwined, as the small-time crooks, Honey Bunny and Pumpkin, summon up the courage to hold up their favourite L.A. diner. Entrusted with retrieving a glow-emitting leather suitcase which belongs to their boss--the powerful crime kingpin, Marsellus--instead, the dark-suited gunmen, Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield, end up with a bloody mess. Fortunately--with men like Mr Wolf always around to handle a crisis--there's time to cool off in a long twist contest, while at the same time, the proud champion boxer, Butch, makes the decision of a lifetime. Soon, things will come full circle, as, once more, Jules and Vincent find themselves in the perfect dead-end situation, exactly where it all began: an all-too-familiar cafeteria. Is truth stranger than fiction? Nick Riganas Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) are two thieves who, while dining at a coffee shop, decide that the best thing to do is to rob it. Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ), two hit men working for mob kingpin Marcellus Wallace (Ving Rhames'), are sent to retrieve a very special and very mysterious briefcase for their boss. Vincent later must also show Mrs. Wallace ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while her husband is out. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging prizefighter who is being paid to "take a dive", but instead accidentally kills his opponent, and tries to flee town, but not before getting his dead father's lucky golden watch. These four seemingly unrelated stories are interwoven in a non-linear fashion. movies_are_forever Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) work as hit men for crime boss Marcellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace is currently dealing with Butch Collidge ( Bruce Willis ), a boxer who failed to throw a fight after taking Wallace's money and is now planning to flee the city, but can't leave his father's watch behind. Vincent faces some problems of his own when Wallace asks him to show his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while he's away. Some of these people redeem themselves and some don't, and all meet an end appropriate to their choices. rmlohner Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) are two hit men on the hunt for a briefcase whose contents were stolen from their boss, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). They run into a few unexpected detours along the road. Marsellus is out of town, and he's gotten Vincent to take care of his wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman . That is, take her out for a night on the town. Things go smoothly until one of them makes a huge error. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is a boxer who's been approached by Marsellus and been told to throw his latest fight. When Butch ends up killing the other boxer, he must escape Marsellus. Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) (not their real names) are two lovebirds/thieves who have decided to rob the restaurant they're currently eating at. But the restaurant doesn't turn out to be as easy as the other places they've robbed. G-reaper Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Late one morning in the Hawthorne Grill, a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, a young couple, Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) and Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ), discuss the pros and cons of robbing banks versus liquor stores. Then they add restaurants to the equation, realizing they can make more by taking customers' wallets than they get out of the till. The two kiss, declare they love each other and stand up in their booth, announcing that they're robbing the diner. Earlier in the day, Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) arrive at a San Fernando Valley apartment building. They are hit men in the employ of Marsellus Wallace and have come to retrieve a valuable belonging of Wallace's from a group of would-be crooks led by a young and naive guy named Brett ( Frank Whaley ). They take back the valuable item -- kept in a briefcase, it glows warmly and transfixes whoever looks at it. Jules recites what he claims is a Bible verse, Ezekiel 25:17, before he and Vincent execute Brett. Story #1: Vincent Vega And Marsellus Wallace's Wife At his strip club, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ) pays boxer Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) to throw his next fight. Jules and Vincent arrive; though it's only a few hours after their visit to the Valley, the two hit men are sporting gym clothes in place of the suits they wore earlier in the day. While Jules heads to the men's room, Vincent goes to the bar and encounters Butch. The men take an instant disliking to each other. Vincent insults Butch but before Butch can retaliate, Marsellus calls Vincent over and embraces him. Marsellus is leaving town that evening and Vincent is to take Marsellus' wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman ), out for dinner to keep her entertained. Rumors abound that Marsellus gravely wounded another associate, Antoine, who he believed had been improperly friendly with Mia, so Vincent is nervous. Before picking Mia up, he visits his drug dealer, Lance ( Eric Stoltz ), and buys some high-quality heroin. Properly sedated, he escorts the cocaine-addicted, chain-smoking Mia to Jack Rabbit Slim's, a West Hollywood 1950s-themed restaurant. After some small talk about European travel, Mia's failed acting career, foot massage, and the rumors about Antoine (which Mia dispels), Mia enters herself and Vincent in a dance contest. They dance The Twist and win a trophy. After dinner, they return to the Wallace's home. Vincent goes to the bathroom to talk himself out of making a pass at Mia. Meanwhile, she discovers the baggie of heroin in his coat pocket and, assuming it's cocaine, snorts some. She immediately passes out and begins to foam at the mouth. Panicked, Vincent takes the dying Mia to Lance's where they argue about what to do with her. Following Lance's advice, Vincent is able to revive her with a shot of adrenaline administered straight to the heart. Vincent takes Mia home. They agree not to tell Marsellus what happened since both of them would get in trouble for it. Story #2: The Gold Watch The following night, before his fight, Butch dreams of an incident from his childhood: Back at his Tennessee home in 1973, Captain Koons ( Christopher Walken ) visited Butch to bring him a gold watch. The watch had belonged to Butch's great-grandfather, who took it to World War I with him. Butch's grandfather had taken it to World War II, and Butch's father to Vietnam. Butch's father died as a POW, but gave the watch to Koons to return to Butch. Koons says that he and Butch's father had to hide the watch in their rectums to keep it away from their captors. Butch reaches up with his hand and takes the watch from Koons. Butch wakes from the dream. Instead of throwing the match (offscreen), he fights so viciously that he kills his opponent. He took Marsellus' money and bet it on himself; his winnings will amount to a small fortune. Butch makes small talk with Esmarelda ( Angela Jones ), the driver of the cab he is in, who reveals that she knows he's the boxer who killed his opponent; she seems fascinated with the topic of death. Esmarelda drives Butch to the seedy motel where he and his French girlfriend, Fabienne ( Maria de Medeiros ), are staying, having abandoned their apartment. In the morning they will travel to Butch's hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee, claim their winnings, and leave the country. While packing the next morning, however, Fabienne reveals that she forgot the gold watch, the belonging Butch cherishes above all others. After a savage outburst in which he wrecks the motel room's television, Butch takes Fabienne's car to get the watch, parking a few blocks away and walking through a vacant lot to his apartment building as a precaution. He enters without incident and finds his wristwatch in the bedroom. He realizes he's not alone in the apartment when he notices a sub-machine gun in the kitchen. Catching Vincent off guard as he emerges from the bathroom, Butch kills him with the gun he found. He leaves his apartment after wiping the gun down with a tissue to remove his fingerprints. Leaving the apartment with his watch, Butch encounters Marsellus crossing the street. He tries to run Marsellus over with his car but only wounds him and is hit by another car himself. Both are injured and Marsellus chases Butch into a pawn shop. There, the owner, Maynard ( Duane Whitaker ), overpowers them. Marsellus and Butch wake up in the basement of the pawn shop, bound and gagged. Maynard has called his cousin Zed ( Peter Greene ), who works as a security guard. Maynard and Zed are apparently a pair of redneck serial killers who kill passersby who happen into their store. While the Gimp ( Stephen Hibbert ), a huge man-child dressed head to toe in black leather fetish gear, watches Butch, Maynard and Zed take Marsellus into the next room and begin to rape him. Butch manages to break the ropes and chair holding him and knocks out the Gimp. Ready to leave the pawn shop and Marsellus to his fate, Butch has an attack of conscience and procures a samurai sword and rescues Marsellus; in the process, Maynard is killed and Zed emasculated by a shotgun blast fired by Marsellus. Marsellus stays behind to oversee the torture-execution of Zed ("I'ma get medieval on your ass," he tells him), but promises that as long as Butch never mentions what happened and never returns to Los Angeles, Marsellus will forget that Butch betrayed him in the boxing ring. Butch agrees. In the final scene, Butch and Fabienne leave town on Grace, Zed's chopper-style motorcycle. Story #3: The Bonnie Situation Three days earlier, flashing back in time to just after Vincent and Jules finish killing Brett for stealing Marsellus' prized possession, a gang member (Alexis Arquette) they had not known about bursts out of the bathroom where he had apparently been when Jules and Vincent entered and empties a large pistol point blank at them. However, all of the bullets miss Vincent and Jules, hitting the wall behind them, so they return fire and kill the gang member. Jules is certain what occurred was divine intervention, but Vincent dismisses the idea. They leave with Marvin ( Phil LaMarr ), Marsellus' inside man in the gang. In the car, Jules continues his insistence that what happened in the apartment was a miracle and that he's retiring from Marsellus' gang. Vincent leans over the front seat, asking Marvin if he believes in miracles, but accidentally shoots him in the head and kills him. The inside of the car is now covered in blood and brain matter. Jules, furious at Vincent's klutziness, drives to the house of his only friend in the Valley, a former colleague named Jimmie ( Quentin Tarantino ). Jimmie lets them hide the car in his garage but angrily tells them that they have to get rid of the body within an hour -- before his wife Bonnie comes home from her night shift at a hospital. Jules calls Marsellus at his home to explain their predicament. Marsellus then calls Winston Wolf ( Harvey Keitel ), a suave and professional "cleaner" who solves problems. Wolf arrives at Jimmie's house and tells Vincent and Jules how to clean up the car and themselves -- they have to strip out of their business suits, be sprayed down with a garden hose and wear Jimmie's spare T-shirts and shorts (which explains their attire at the strip club) -- then helps them dispose of the car and body at a junkyard belonging to a discreet friend named Monster Joe, whose daughter is Mr. Wolf's girlfriend. With the whole situation resolved, Jules and Vincent decide to have breakfast at the Hawthorne Grill, where they continue their discussion about miracles. Jules reveals his plan to leave his criminal life and travel the globe as a mendicant, helping those suffering under tyranny. Vincent, upset that his friend and partner is leaving the life, mocks him, then goes to the bathroom. Just then Honey Bunny and Pumpkin (from the prologue) begin their robbery of the diner. They furiously collect the cash from the register and the patrons' wallets. Jules gives Pumpkin his wallet, but when Pumpkin tries to take Marsellus' briefcase, Jules pulls his gun and disarms Pumpkin. While Vincent holds Honey Bunny at bay, Jules explains to Pumpkin how, even earlier that morning, he would have killed Pumpkin and Honey Bunny without a second thought. He recites his ersatz version of Ezekiel 25:17 again: "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who in the name of charity and good will shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." Jules explains that while he previously thought it was cool to make such a cold-blooded passage the last thing his victims heard, he now realizes that the "tyranny of evil men" part of the passage refers to him, and he intends to become a better person. He and Vincent allow Honey Bunny and Pumpkin to leave with all the money but not the briefcase. They leave the diner themselves and head to Marsellus' strip club. 
 The Doors (1991)431) The story of the famous and influential 1960s rock band The Doors and its lead singer and composer, Jim Morrison , from his days as a UCLA film student in Los Angeles, to his untimely death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971. Oliver Stone's homage to 1960s rock group The Doors also doubles as a biography of the group's late singer, the "Electric Poet" Jim Morrison. The movie follows Morrison from his days as a film student in Los Angeles to his death in Paris, France at age 27 in 1971. The movie features a tour-de-force performance by Val Kilmer, who not only looks like Jim Morrison's long-lost twin brother, but also sounds so much like him that he did much of his own singing. It has been written that even the surviving Doors had trouble distinguishing Kilmer's vocals from Morrison's originals. Denise P. Meyer <dpm1@cornell.edu> Meeting each other in UCLA Film School in 1965, Ray Manzarek suggests to Jim Morrison that they form a rock band. With Robby Krieger and John Densmore , that band would become The Doors . Although the foundation of the group was based on consensus, Robby and John in particular increasingly see frontman Jim's on-stage performances self-indulgent - albeit undeniably charismatic - to his controversial lyrics. His on-stage antics are fueled in large part by excessive alcohol and drug use. Outsiders begin seeing Jim as The Doors, while he begins seeing himself as "The Lizard King". It is that charisma that gets them a deal with Elektra Records, and resulting fame. Despite his popularity with the record buying public, Jim continually has run-ins with those in authority for his anti-establishment behavior. With him and the band through it all is Jim's longtime girlfriend, Pamela Courson. Theirs is a rocky relationship, primarily over Jim's open infidelity - including with reporter Patricia Kennealy - and drug-induced erratic behavior. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. December 8, 1970. In a dark recording studio, Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer), lead singer for the rock band, The Doors, drinks whiskey while recording spoken-word versions of his poetry. The engineer (a cameo appearance by Doors drummer, John Densmore) plays a pre-recorded music track and Jim begins to recite his work "An American Prayer". Jim is also celebrating his 27th birthday. In a flashback to the 1950s, a young Jim and his family are seen driving across a desert in New Mexico. They pass the scene of a car accident involving two families; one family are American Indians. An elderly Indian man (Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman) lies dying on the side of the road; he seems to stare directly at Jim while his mother tells him the scene is just a bad dream. Jim watches until his family has driven out of sight. The film then jumps to 1965. Jim is seen hitchhiking to California and is picked up by a motorist. In Los Angeles, Jim attends UCLA Film School. His student film, a black and white, artistic and surreal collection of haunting images and spoken poetry, is heavily criticized by both his classmates and his professor (a cameo by director Oliver Stone). His classmate and future bandmate, Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan), tells Jim that his movie is commendable, despite the criticism. When the professor asks Jim to defend the film, Jim says simply "I quit." Jim takes up residence in Venice Beach and meets Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan), his future wife. Jim shares his love of philosophy and poetry with her and the two spend a romantic evening on a rooftop having sex. Jim later meets Manzarek on the beach, interrupting him while he meditates. Jim sings Ray some poetry he has written that he believes can be recorded as a song ("Moonlight Drive"). Ray is astounded and the two set out to form a band, the name being inspired by Aldous Huxley's memoirs, "The Doors of Perception". They recruit John Densmore (Kevin Dillon) as their drummer and Robby Krieger (Frank Whaley) on guitar. Their first rehearsals are held in Ray's apartment, where they perform "Break on Through". Robby plays a song he had been working on which becomes "Light My Fire". The band soon finds themselves on LA's famous Sunset Strip, performing as an opening act in one of the Strip's many clubs. At first Jim is unable to face the crowd while trying to build his confidence. The band is approached by a talent agent who wants to sign them. The same man later tries to talk to Jim alone, thinking he could be signed without his bandmates. Jim is none too caring over this. One year later in 1966, the band bonds further while on a trip to Death Valley to attempt peyote. Everyone experiences different hallucinatory visions while the film's soundtrack plays the strains of "The End". The scene changes to another performance by the band where Jim is singing the Oedipal interlude of the song, which offends the club owner who throws them out. Outside, they are approached again by a talent agent. With him is the band's future producer, Paul Rothschild (Michael Wincott). They are given a chance to record an album in six days. The band agrees. Rothschild is impressed with the band's professionalism and energy, believing the album will be a hit. Having achieved some measure of success, the band is asked to appear on the Ed Sullivan Show where they will perform "Light My Fire" Before the performance, Sullivan's producer (Sam Whipple), asks the band to alter the song slightly, changing "Girl we couldn't get much higher", a potential reference to doing drugs. Jim is none too willing to comply but agrees. However, during the performance, Jim does not comply (clearly defiant to sing the song as it is), drawing the anger of the producer, who angrily says the band will never perform on the show again. In 1967 in New York City, at a party thrown by Andy Warhol at The Factory, Jim meets Nico (Kristina Fulton), a sometimes singer with The Velvet Underground, and Warhol himself (Crispin Glover). Warhol gives Jim a telephone that he claims can be used to speak with God. Later, at their hotel, Jim cavorts in the elevator with Nico, while Pamela staggers around in a drug-induced depression. The band is interviewed by the press - one of the reporters is Patricia Kennealy (Kathleen Quinlan). Jim speaks cryptically about his parents (saying they died in an automobile accident years before) and about life in excess and using drugs. Jim later has sex with Kennealy in her loft but is mostly unable to perform. She entices him with cocaine and consumption of his own blood which drives him into an animalistic frenzy. Jim later is unable to perform sexually with Courson. Jim asks Pamela if she will die for him and dangles himself out the window. Pamela becomes nearly hysterical and manages to get Jim back in the room where he is able to finish having sex with her. December 9, 1967. Backstage at a concert in New Haven, Connecticut, Jim has a feverish encounter with Kennealy, who reveals that she knows Jim's parents are still alive and that she talked to his father on the phone, a Navy admiral who currently lives in Florida. Jim tries to convince her that they are at least figuratively dead, but she still tells him never to lie to her again. A policeman (Titus Welliver) appears, asking who they are. Kennealy tries to explain who Jim is, however the cop becomes hostile when Jim resists arrest, shoving the cop, and the cop sprays the singer in the eyes with mace. The rest of the band comes to his aid, Manzarek tells Kennealy to leave Jim alone, believing she got him in trouble. During their performance that night, Jim suddenly stops singing and recounts the incident to the crowd while mocking the police. The police captain walks on stage and arrests Jim, stating that his language as broken state obscenity laws. Jim is arrested on-stage by the cops whom provided security for him, and are now roughing him up as the crowd goes wild with rage. A near-riot is averted when other policemen arrive on the scene to disburse the crowd. Jim is seen posing for the famous mug shot. Jim and Pamela throw a Thanksgiving 1968 dinner party for their friends back in California. Pamela is upset with Jim for not staying sober for the gathering like he had promised; Jim had earlier dropped a tab of LSD. Jim convinces Pamela to take a tab herself and she spends the rest of the day in a largely depressed state. One of the guests is Patricia Kennealy, a name that Pamela recognizes immediately. She confronts both Jim and Patricia about their sexual relationship and becomes furious with Jim, throwing food at him in front of their guests. Jim stomps on the burnt duck Pamela had been roasting and demands she kill him with a kitchen knife. Their friends are able to pull them away from each other. Jim and Pamela have a furious fight when Jim finds her with another man while they shoot heroin. Jim locks Pamela in a closet and sets the door on fire. Pamela is able to escape the closet and house. In a Celtic hand-fasting ceremony, (the high priestess is played by the real Kennealy) Jim marries Patricia after a short trip to Las Vegas. Jim is also seen partying heavily and getting into a car accident when he runs into a police car. Jim is later in the studio trying to record "Touch Me" for the Soft Parade album; his performance at the microphone is substandard. Their producer, Paul Rothschild, tells Jim that his life of excess is affecting his performance and that Janis Joplin suffered the same fate and died of alcoholism. On a small television in the studio, Jim sees a commercial for a car that features a pop version of "Light My Fire". The band tells him that they decided to sell the song to the auto company during a time when Jim was in minimal contact with them. Jim becomes enraged and hurls the television across the room, nearly hitting Ray, and then cheerfully apologizing. Later, while Pamela performs oral sex on Jim as he sings the title track for the album, everyone in the control booth leaves quietly, unimpressed with Jim's continuing lackluster performance. March 1, 1969. Backstage in Miami where the band is due to perform, the band awaits the arrival of their frontman. Densmore looks out on the crowd and hears a reporter recording a story about what he believes is the end of the band itself, criticizing the Soft Parade album. The band is told that Rothschild is bringing Jim to the venue. When he arrives, his bandmates are angry with him for being late and plainly intoxicated. Jim gives Robby a tab of LSD and they go onstage. Not long into the show, Jim sees a vision of a bonfire and a young American Indian girl and the elderly man he had seen dying on the road years before. Jim stops singing and tells the crowd that they're slaves and begging them to undress in public. The band stops playing, clearly annoyed and angry with Jim's attitude. Already agitated at Jim's tardiness, the audience begins to shout back at him. Jim shouts mostly nonsensical gibberish and tells them he will expose himself. When he unzips his pants, the police present at the venue, attempt to arrest him but he evades them and runs into the crowd, singing "Dead Cat, Dead Rats" and launching into "Break on Through". The crowd wildly follows him. The incident is a low point for the band, resulting in the Doors cancellation of their future concerts, resentment from the other band members and Jim's trial the following year for indecent exposure. At his August 1970 trial, Jim is found not guilty of lurid behavior, but convicted of indecent exposure and using profanity and is sentenced to eight months in prison. However, Jim is allowed to remain free on bail while the verdict is being appealed. Jim meets with Patricia, who tells him she's pregnant and that he's the father. She's unsure of whether she wants to keep the child or have it aborted. Jim suggests she find someone else to be a father to the child, citing his own irresponsible nature and the stress the trial is causing him. When Patricia angrily reminds him of their pagan wedding, Jim claims he was too stoned to remember. At an intervention of sorts, Jim is confronted by his bandmates and friends who share various bits of news with him: several women are claiming Jim got them pregnant, their recording company is thinking of dropping the band, the Woodstock Festival is being planned and the promoters want The Doors on the bill. Jim takes all this in with television news reports of the Vietnam War and the antiwar protests at home and tells everyone he thinks he's having a nervous breakdown. When the last of his appeals for his 1970 indecent exposure conviction is denied, Jim and Pamela decide to flee to Paris, France where Jim can relax and focus his creative writing energy. After The Doors make a comeback with their early 1971 album, "L.A. Woman", Jim decides to quit the band and focus on his poetry. At a birthday party for Ray's young daughter, Jim talks with the rest of the band who play "Riders on the Storm" for him. Jim comments that it "sounds pretty good for four guys who were barely talking to each other" the day they recorded it. Jim gives everyone a small printed version of his work "An American Prayer" and the band say their goodbyes, despite having hardly spoken. Densmore even tells Jim him he will actually miss him. Robby tells Jim he "got to make music with Dionysus" the Greek god. Jim gives Ray's daughter a small doll of himself and passes out. Ray wakes him up some time later and reminds him that his flight is leaving soon. On July 3, 1971, Pamela finds Jim Morrison dead in a bathtub in their apartment in Paris. The final scenes of the film are of graves of other poets, composers, writers & performers all buried in Pre Lachaise Cemetery in Paris. A rock version of Remo Giazotto's "Adagio in G minor" plays in the background with a voiceover by Morrison. The camera finally moves toward Morrison's own grave, showing the graffiti that covers other gravestones nearby, finally settling on his marker, a simple stone adorned with a bust. (The objects left in tribute were removed and the graffiti cleaned off the surrounding graves in 1994 at the behest of Jim's parents.) Just before the credits roll, the screen whites out and text appears saying "Jim Morrison is said to have died of heart failure. He was 27. Pam joined him three years later (from a heroin overdose) in August 1974, and she was also age 27 when she died." During the closing credits, the band is shown recording the song "L.A. Woman" in the studio, surrounded by their friends. 