nm0010738:

 The Appointment (1996)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Appointment centers around Peter Bundle, a mid-thirties everyman who has never been known for making wise choices in life. While selling home alarm systems, he gets blackmailed by some "well-connected" people into supplying them with access codes to some very wealthy houses. They pay him handsomely for his services, but burdened by a new girlfriend with an expensive lifestyle and past mistakes that continue to catch up with him, Bundle foolishly steals millions from the very people who were blackmailing him and is finally forced to face the consequences of his actions. 
 The Condemned (2007)321) Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. The story of Jack Conrad, who is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. Outlaw97 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Conrad awaits execution in a corrupt Salvadoran prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and transported to a deserted island in the South Pacific along with nine other condemned criminals from prisons around the world. They are "offered" the opportunity to avoid capital punishment and win back their freedom with a pocket full of cash by fighting to the death in an illegal game to be filmed and broadcast live over the Internet. A bomb is placed on the ankle of every contestant, each featuring a 30-hour countdown timer, and a pin (similar to a grenade) that will detonate the bomb after a ten-second delay. The winner will have the bomb removed and be given their freedom as well as a pocket full of cash as the prize. Ian Breckel, the producer, is aiming for online ratings that equal or beat the latest Super Bowl reception of 40 million television viewers. As the broadcast progresses, FBI agents discover Conrad's real identity as Jack Riley after a tip from one of Conrad's former classmates. Conrad is discovered to be a former Delta Force operative who was captured on a Black ops mission to El Salvador after bombing a building controlled by drug dealers. Conrad's girlfriend Sarah becomes aware of the situation and watches the show at the local bar she works at as it unfolds. Ewan McStarley and Saiga team up to remove the competition, while Yasantwa uses her wiles to trick others to their death. After seeing the show's broadcast tower before the show, Conrad infiltrates the tower and calls Sarah, managing to tell her the latitude of the island before he is forced to leave. After the other seven contestants have died, Conrad is left alone against McStarley and Saiga. He stabs Saiga, and McStarley flees. Eventually, a helicopter drops a shotgun down to McStarley, who uses it to hunt down Conrad. After Conrad falls into a stream, McStarley runs into the cameraman and his armed guard dressed in ghillie suits while searching for Conrad, and shoots them, picking up the guard's MP5 submachine gun. When McStarley and Conrad meet again, Conrad ends up rolling over a cliff and into a stream to avoid being shot by McStarley's shotgun. Conrad is presumed dead by the fall, and McStarley is declared the winner. As McStarley is being driven to the control tower to collect his prize, Breckel hears that the FBI has sent United States Navy SEALs to take him into custody. After he meets McStarley and de-activates his bomb, he tells him that he will not receive his prize money. Breckel and McStarley fixed the game in his favor in exchange for his freedom and profits. McStarley takes an MP5 from one of the guards, and kills the tech team in the building, one by one, even though they truthfully did not know that Breckel was abandoning them all. When he corners Julie, Breckel's girlfriend, he is confronted by Conrad, who shoots him several times after talking briefly about McStarley's past. Conrad grabs McStarley's two machine guns and chases down Breckel, who is fleeing the island in a helicopter. After emptying the two guns firing at the helicopter, he is given McStarley's re-activated ankle bomb by Julie. Conrad throws it into the helicopter, and Breckel reaches for it, however, the helicopter explodes, and crashes into a cliff, killing Breckel and bringing his vicious game to an end. Conrad is driven back to Sarah's home in Texas, a free man. Sarah, who presumed him dead after he fell off the cliff in his struggle against McStarley, greets him. 
 Punchline (1988)Summaries A medical school dropout and a housewife/mom try to make it as stand-up comedians. They become friends and help each other out at an NYC comedy club. Steven Gold is a stand-up comedian who is flat broke and has recently dropped out of medical school. He and several others work regularly at the Gas Station, a New York comedy club. The wages are lousy and everybody hopes for the big break. Lilah Krytsick is housewife with an ambition to be a stand-up comedian, however she doesnt seem to have the talent. Steven takes her under his wings and teaches her the art of comedy and humour. But when a TV station arranges a comedy evening at the club, Steve sees his opportunity for fame and stardom. Their friendship seems quickly forgotten and now it's every man and woman for him- or herself! Mattias Pettersson <seaman@sbbs.se> Lilah Krytsick is a New Jersey housewife and mother, she married to insurance salesman John Krytsick who expects her to place these household roles as her priority in life. Steven Gold has just been kicked out of medical school, he, not a very good student, who was only admitted by having his doctor father pull some strings. Although he never wanted to be a doctor, Steven doesn't want his father to know he is no longer in school. Lilah and Steven casually know each other with both being stand-up comics - secret lives to both John and Steven's father - they performing for $15 a set at a New York City comedy club called The Gas Station. Lilah has always felt joy in making people laugh, although she strains in putting together a set that is meaningful to her and thus funny to the audience. Steven, arguably considered the best comic at the club, wants to make it big in the business. However, he sucks up most of the proverbial oxygen when at the club, which doesn't sit well with some of the other comics, especially the less secure ones who also want to make this business their life. While Lilah deals with trying to balance this secret life and her household duties while also trying to improve her stand-up skills, and while Steven strives to make a career of stand-up happen sooner than later in needing to eke out a life for himself, Lilah and Steven connect on an emotional level through comedy. The question then becomes what will happen to their friendship as they focus on their own priorities in their lives holistically, which is only complicated as network executives hold a contest at the club, the winner who will be featured on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson (1962) . Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Perfect (1985)431) A female aerobics instructor meets a male reporter doing a story on health clubs, but it isn't love at first sight. Fed up with writing obituaries for a local New Jersey newspaper, the inquisitive and ambitious journalist, Adam Lawrence, finally gets his big break, when--as a Rolling Stone reporter--gets to interview a well-off entrepreneur accused of drug-dealing. However, one brief look at the tight-bodied members of a modern gym will have Adam itching to write an expos on the latest craze of fitness and health centres, where aerobics instructors like the ferociously-astonishing, Jessie, are the absolute stars. But, Jessie, really despises interviewers. Will she ever let him into her sultry world of cool music, high-energy exercise, and perfection? Nick Riganas Adam Lawrence is a reporter for Rolling Stone, which not only publishes music, popular culture and entertainment related stories, but also hard hitting general news stories. In working on a high profile story in the latter category - Joseph MacKenzie, who owns a computer manufacturing business, being charged as a drug kingpin - Adam, who has to go to Los Angeles for that story, gets the okay from his editor Mark Roth to research another story while there, one to highlight the vacuousness of Los Angeles life: how health clubs are the singles bars of the 1980s. Both stories have the potential to be cover worthy features, the MacKenzie one which Adam hopes to parlay into a book deal. In Los Angeles, he finds The Sports Connection which openly advertises itself as a fitness club where singles can meet, and gets the green light from the club owners to use it for his story. While club members and best friends Sally Marcus and Linda Slater are more obvious candidates as the story's focus to match Mark's expectations - Sally has found love at the club in the form of Roger, a male stripper, while Linda is desperate for love, she "putting out" and doing whatever she can for body perfection to achieve her love goal - Adam, partly in his fascination with her, decides he'd like to make Jessie Wilson the center of his story, she who leads the club's most popular aerobics class where many couples have met in their bodies gyrating side by side. Jessie makes no bones about not wanting to be in his story implying that she had been burned by the press in the past, but that she wouldn't mind getting to know him in the personal sense. What happens between the two of them will be affected not only by the scope of the story - including he trying to find out exactly from her on the record that past press incident - but the outcome of the MacKenzie story. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rolling Stone magazine investigative reporter, Adam Lawrence (John Travolta), travels to Los Angeles, California, to pursue an interview with a business man named Joe McKenzie (Kenneth Welsh), who was arrested for drug crimes. Adam's editor, Mark Roth (Jann Wenner), asks him to work on a second story while in Los Angeles, and Adam decides to write a humorous expose on how health clubs have replaced bars as the new singles scene. He focuses his attention on "The Sports Connection," a health club that touts its social aspect. Adam is given a tour of the facility, but does not reveal the true nature of his article. He becomes infatuated with an aerobics instructor named Jessie Wilson (Jamie Lee Curtis), but she is distrustful of Adam after having been "burned" by a journalist in her past. Adam continues his investigation on Joe McKenzie, relentlessly pursuing him for an interview. Jessie refuses Adam's request to be the subject of his piece on The Sports Connection, but agrees to have lunch with him. She asks him point blank if he is writing an expose on the singles scene at the club, which he denies. After Joe McKenzie is released on bail, he grants Adam an exclusive interview, and Adam goes to New York City to meet him. The story he writes on McKenzie is contested by Rolling Stone for fear it will incite government opposition. The publishers demand Adam turn over his tape-recorded interview, and when he refuses after promising secrecy to McKenzie, the magazine refuses to print the story. Adam returns to Los Angeles and begins a relationship with Jessie. He attends her aerobics class, and she agrees to be interviewed. Jessie shares that she was interviewed by a reporter when she was an Olympic swimming hopeful, but the journalist wrote a scathing expose about her affair with her coach. Jessie and Adam take a ski trip together, and their relationship deepens. Behind Jessie's back, Adam pursues his story on the health club singles scene. Jessie is furious and ends their relationship when she catches Adam tape-recording a personal story she shares. His editor, Mark Roth, informs Adam that McKenzie offered the magazine a large sum of money not to run the story on him. Sometime later, Adam interviews Linda Slater (Laraine Newman), a promiscuous health club member. She and her friend Sally Marcus (Marilu Henner) are excited to be the focus of his story, unaware of its negative slant. Rolling Stone photographer, Frankie (Anne De Salvo), is sent to take pictures at The Sports Connection to accompany the article. Adam stops her from photographing Jessie, and demands she turn over the pictures she has already taken. Jessie visits Adam, and he gives her his tape recordings, and promises not to write about her. They resume their relationship, but Jessie finds The Sports Connection story on his computer, and learns that he is making the club and its members look bad. She deletes the only copy and accuses him of being callous. Later, Adam rewrites the article with a positive slant about the health resurgence in America. His editor, Mark, is angered that the story is not what Adam promised, and assigns another journalist to rewrite the story without Adam's knowledge. Frankie shares the photographs she took of Jessie, and the journalists recognize her as the former swimmer. They print her picture with the old story of her long-ago affair, and credit the cover story to Adam. When he learns about the article, Adam races to apologize to Jessie, but she refuses to believe he did not write it. Adam returns to New York and attacks his editor's office with a baseball bat. Later, Adam is subpoenaed by the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) to testify against Joe McKenzie, and turn over his tape-recorded interview. Jessie travels to New York to attend the hearing. When Adam takes the stand, he refuses to hand over the tapes, and is held in contempt and sent to jail. As he is taken into custody, Jessie chases after him, shouting his name. Soon after, Joe McKenzie is found not guilty, and Adam is released from jail. Jessie waits outside the prison, and kisses Adam upon his release. 