nm0003161:

 Grey's Anatomy (2005 )Summaries A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors. A medical based drama centered around Meredith Grey, an aspiring surgeon and daughter of one of the best surgeons, Dr. Ellis Grey. Throughout the series, Meredith goes through professional and personal challenges along with fellow surgeons at Seattle Grace Hospital. The doctors of Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital deal with life-or-death consequences on a daily basis -- it's in one another that they find comfort, friendship and, at times, more than friendship. Together they're discovering that neither medicine nor relationships can be defined in black and white. Real life only comes in shades of grey. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Terror Firmer (1999)Summaries A homicidal maniac is on the loose in the city and the low-budget film crew of a Troma movie has the power to stop them. This is the story of a low budget film crew, led by their blind film director, Larry Benjamin (Lloyd Kaufman/co-founder of Troma Inc.), trying to make some art. In addition to the typical trials and travails of a Troma set, the crew finds themselves set upon by a sexually conflicted, bomb bearing serial killer. Production assistant Jennifer (enchanting Alyce LaTourelle) struggles to succeed on set and to decide between the two men in her life - straitlaced Casey (Will Keenan) and over the edge Jerry (Trent Haaga). This threesome heats up as the killer draws even nearer. As the insanity increases and the bodies amass, the crew bands together (both physically and sexually) against the threat in their midst. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Affair (2001)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unsolved Mysteries (19872010)44) Combines dramatic re-enactments, interviews and updates, to tell stories of real mysteries, from human to the supernatural. Host Robert Stack presides over an investigation into unsolved mysteries ranging from murders to UFO sightings. Through reenactments and interviews, viewers are presented with the known facts of each case. Anyone with additional information is then urged to contact the show's producers via a toll-free telephone number. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Hosted by Robert Stack , the show documents a handful of unsolved cases in each episode. These are true stories of unsolved crimes, missing persons, unexplained phenomena, wanted fugitives and unresolved investigations "relevant at the time of the original air dates". A compelling mystery is outlined by the host with supporting accounts from law enforcement, witnesses and family members surrounding the event in question. The audience is asked to call a tip line with any information that may help shed new light on these open-ended cases. Later episodes often include a brief update to a prior mystery. Updates typically include details leading up to the resolution of a previous "unsolved mystery." Occasionally, an update is broadcast with additional facts acquired since original air date. First broadcast in January of 1987, Unsolved Mysteries is one of the longest running programs in television and the inspiration for dozens of imitators. It is also one of the first television shows with an audience interactive call-to-action requesting viewer tips to help solve actual cases. Each episode consists of five segments profiling real-life mysteries and an update of a case which has been solved, thanks to a viewer tip. The segments are drawn from a variety of several different categories: Murder, Missing Persons, Wanted Fugitives, UFOs, Ghosts, The Unexplained (Paranormal), Missing Heirs, Amnesia, Fraud, among others. Viewers are urged to contact the series website, unsolved.com, if they have information that might help to solve a case. UM staff will forward the information to the appropriate authorities or law enforcement. John Cosgrove It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 