nm0002649:

 Sakura Wars (1996 Video Game)Summaries It is the Taishou Era in Japan, and the Western world has begun to make its way through traditional Japan. Technology is evolving, and the use of steam has made for great breakthroughs in transportation in weaponry. But the world faces a deadly threat: a dark cult wishes to destroy Japan and the very world itself. To combat any possible threats, the Imperial government of Japan brings together six young ladies from around the world to form the Hanagumi (Flower Bridage) division of the Teikoku Kagekidan (Imperial Floral Assault Group). Clad in their proud spiritual armor, the Kobou, these young women are the frontline of defense against the demon worshippers, but they haven't a leader to guide them into battle. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inuyasha (20002004)44) A teenage girl periodically travels back in time to feudal Japan to help a young half-demon recover the shards of a jewel of great power. Kagome Higurashi is a 15 year old schoolgirl who lives at a history-filled Japanese shrine. She is also the reincarnation of an ancient priestess named Kikyo, who guarded the sacred Shikon no Tama (Jewel of Four Souls), and who sealed away the half-demon Inuyasha who had tried to steal the jewel in order to become a full demon. Kikyo died of her wounds and had the jewel burned with her body. Kagome is one day pulled into the ancient well on her family's shrine and thrown into the past, 50 years after Kikyo's death. She befriends Kaede, the late Kikyo's sister, who realizes Kagome is Kikyo's reincarnation. They are attacked, and learn that Kagome has the Shikon no Tama, but it's actually inside her body! Kagome accidentally awakens the dog-demon Inuyasha, and frees him after the jewel has been ripped from her body. Now Inuyasha wants the jewel back, but Kagome can't let him have it. He is forced (by Kaede's magic) to wear a necklace that allows Kagome to control him with one word, "Sit!", which sends him face-first into the ground. Kagome accidentally shatters the jewel, and now she and Inuyasha have to work together to find all the pieces before they fall into the wrong hands. Only Kagome can "sense" where the shards are, and only Inuyasha is powerful enough to get them from the demons or people who have them. But can they stop fighting long enough to work together? Kimberly Milliff <psylock1234@ev1.net> InuYasha is the story of a dog half-demon who is constantly after a jewel of immense power, the Shikon jewel, also no as the Shikon no tama. He lives in the forest near the village where the jewel is protected by a priestess named Kikyo. Soon InuYasha and Kikyo fall in love and InuYasha promises his new love he will use it to become a full-demon. However, a bandit named OniGumo who is obsessed with Kikyo offers his body to a group of demons who inhabit it and he ceases to exist and becomes a half-demon called Naraku, who, above everything else, desires power. Naraku disguises himself as InuYasha and attacks and fatally wounds Kikyo, who then, believing her attacker was her former lover, shoots InuYasha thru the heart with a sacred arrow that puts him sleep forever or until the curse is lifted. Kikyo dies and the jewel is burned with her. However, fast-forward several hundred years into the future and we meet Kagome, a girl who lives in Tokyo at a shrine with her family. Not knowing she is the reincarnation of the priestess Kikyo she goes down one day into her family's well and then is transported thru a mystical portal to the feudal-era of Japan's history. There she meets InuYasha and frees him from his tree when the village is attacked by a demon. Having the jewel hidden inside her body, Kagome soon has it taken out and it is not long before a demon steals it and she shoots the jewel with an arrow and it shatters into thousands of peaces. Over the course of the series, InuYasha, Kagome, and the friends they come to meet battle Naraku in a race to rebuild the jewel before Naraku can use it for his own evil purposes. Will InuYasha and his allies stop Naraku in time or will Naraku triumph and become the most powerful demon to ever exist? Joseph Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her. After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise. MAL Rewrite It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 InuYasha the Movie 3: Swords of an Honorable Ruler (2003)Summaries The legendary sword, So'unga, which belonged to the Great Dog Demon, has been unleashed. It seeks to cover the Earth in an eternal Hell and end all life on it. Inuyasha must join forces with his hateful brother, Sesshoumaru, and put an end to the evil sword that once belonged to their father. sandyyvette14 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sakura Wars (2000)Summaries The year is around the 1920's and the darkness of the demons have arrived. Now, only the people with large amounts of spirit energy can save the Earth. The Flower Division is now going to be sent out destroy the demons for they're our only hope for survival with their new steam-powered machines and unique fighting techniques. Anime News Network Sakura travels to the capital with aspirations of defending the city from the demonic forces of the Black Sanctum Council like her father before her. However, things are not as she imagined as in addition to using her great spiritual energy to pilot a mech called a Kobu, she must also perform on stage as an actor as The Imperial Flower Division's cover is an art theater. Making a fool of herself and ruining a production gets her on everyone's bad side and somehow she must learn to work with them as well as prevent the enemy from destroying several shrines which protect the city. ANN It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 