nm0005214:

 Charlotte's Web (2006)431) Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season, because he knows that come that time, he will end up on the dinner table. He hatches a plan with Charlotte, a spider that lives in his pen, to ensure that this will never happen. Based on the beloved children's novel by E.B. White, a young girl named Fern rescues a runty piglet, raises it as her own and names him Wilbur. However, after Wilbur grows into a pig, she is compelled to sell him to her Uncle Homer Zuckerman down the street. At Zuckerman's barn, Wilbur meets a host of animals and later learns from them that come winter, he will be slaughtered for food. Fearing for his life, Charlotte, a gentle and wise spider whom befriended the lonely Wilbur, vows to save his life. Oliver Chu Based on the beloved book by E.B. White. A spring pig named Wilbur is transferred from his original owner Fern to live across the street at Homer Zuckerman's farm. But when Wilbur finds his life is in danger of being turned into ham and pork, he quickly befriends a tiny yet gentle spider named Charlotte. Together, and with help from the lazy rat Templeton, Wilbur and Charlotte work to convince Zuckerman not to kill Wilbur in the most miraculous way possible. This results in the most precious of miracles that anyone had ever seen that will change Wilbur's life forever. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. With the birth of a new litter of 11 piglets, the farmer must eliminate one so the mother can feed them. The farmer gets his ax and selects the runt of the litter when he is stopped by his daughter, Fern (Dakota Fanning). Fern begins to feed her new piglet and names him Wilbur (voice of Dominic Scott Kay). After Wilbur gets strong enough to be on his own, he is put into the barn across the road. In the new barn, he meets many different animals: cows, sheep, geese, a rat, a horse, and of course a spider named Charlotte (voice of Julia Roberts). Wilbur's friendship with all the animals in the barn brings them all together, and they become one big happy family. There is only one problem that Wilbur doesn't know, he is a spring pig, and they don't usually get to see winter. Charlotte promises Wilbur that she will do something to save his life. Charlotte spins the words "some pig" in her web to show the farmer a miracle that may save Wilbur's life. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 City of Angels (1998)55) An angel on Earth, a doctor unable to believe, a patient with a secret, a love story made in Heaven. Seth is an angel who accompanies the spirits of the recently dead to the ever after. Seth has never been human and so has never experienced touch or taste. When in the hospital however he comes across Dr. Maggie Rice, a brilliant young heart surgeon who is devoted to her profession and her patients. Seth has the power to let himself be seen but Maggie finds him far too mysterious. Seth also meets a patient, Nathaniel Messinger, who has news for him - he too was once an angel like Seth but chose to fall to Earth and become human. Seth makes a decision on his future, which does not turn out as he had expected. garykmcd Los Angeles, California. Seth is an angel who passes the eternity taking the souls of the recent deceased to move them to Heaven. With his partner Cassiel shares memories and experiences that the deceased tale him, pointing it in his notebook. Invisibles to the human eye, Seth and the rest of his celestial race protect humans of the danger as unfeeling duty, helping us to suffocate bad thoughts and increase the good feelings. Therefore, one day the quiet and peaceful existence of Seth changes after he goes to a hospital to collect the soul of a man who is being operated by Dr. Maggie Rice, a rational woman without faith nor supernatural beliefs. Believing that she looked him straightly to the eyes while Maggie tried unsuccessfully save her patient's life, Seth falls in love with her and decides to appear as human being to meet her, puzzled about the humans. At the same time Seth meets another Maggie's patient, Nathaniel Messinger, after Maggie takes wrongly Seth as friend of him, but things complicate for Seth when learns that Maggie has a relation with a job partner, Dr. Jordan Ferris. It's then when Nathaniel reveals Seth his greatest secret: he was an angel who time ago renounced to it by love and "fell" to Earth to live as human being to marry with Teresa and make a family. It creates in Seth a doubt: continue existing as angel or turn himself in human falling as Nathaniel did. But would a woman without faith love to an angel turned in human? Chockys Seth, an angel watching over Los Angeles, begins finding his job difficult as he falls in love with Maggie, a beautiful heart surgeon. She becomes interested in Seth, and soon his not-quite-mortal state seems a barrier rather than a gift. A choice must be made between celestial duty and earthly love. Matthew C. Powell <mpowell@clunet.edu> Angels are among us and when we feel an invisible presence, you better believe they are watching you. For a Los Angeles heart surgeon named Maggie, that is too much of a stretch. She believes that it is her job to save the lifes of her patients and when she meets Seth after visiting hours are over, he tells her it's simply just their time to go. She becomes intrigued by his presence and opinion. Seth is not just normal, he is an Angel. He meets Messinger while visiting patients. Messinger can see him because he was once a Angel but gave his power up to become human. This makes Seth want to become human so he can feel, smell, and love Maggie. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Brave One (2007)761) Struggling to recover emotionally from a brutal assault that killed her fianc and left her in a coma, a radio personality begins a quest for vengeance against the perpetrators that leaves a bloody trail across New York City. Erica Bain is a happy radio host from a city she loves and with a fianc she adores. However, a brutal attack in New York's Central Park changes her life forever, leaving her in a coma for 3 weeks and her fianc dead. In an attempt to feel safer after the attack, she buys a gun. However New York does not feel the same as it did anymore and Erica has several encounters where she is not afraid to use her new gun. Everyone is talking about a vigilante and Erica is forced to talk about them too on her radio show... Abby Erica hosts a successful radio show in New York City. When she and her fianc take their dog for a walk in the park one evening, three thugs viciously attack them. Erica awakens from a coma and in the weeks that follow Erica attempts to re-enter her former life, but grows paranoid with fears she will be attacked again. She buys an illegal gun for protection and is soon forced to use it in self-defense. Overwhelmed by the emotions that follow in the wake of these events, Erica begins placing herself in dangerous situations and leaves behind a series of unsolved shootings the press attribute to a vigilante killer. During this time period, the homicide detective who had originally investigated her fianc's death befriends Erica, and we watch events unfold as the detective's pursuit of the vigilante killer continues. - written by: R. Merriman <wyldberi@msn.com> One can tell that Erica Bain loves New York City - where she lives - by the poetic way she speaks on her local radio show about the walks she takes around the city. That all changes when, out for a walk with her fianc David Kirmani and their dog one evening, they are viciously attacked and beaten, she left in a coma for three weeks and he who succumbs to his injuries. One of three perpetrators filmed the incident on his cell phone. Finding it difficult to feel safe anymore especially in the bureaucratic manner the police deal with her case, she, in need of that immediate feeling of safety, illegally purchases a 9mm handgun on the black market for protection. While she does use it for protection - she killing someone who would have killed her otherwise - she, out of that situation, begins a vigilante killing spree. In the course of doing their respective jobs, Erica meets Homicide Detective Sean Mercer, who has been assigned the lead in investigating the vigilante killings. They end up striking a friendship in which he opens up about the frustrations of his job and life, including often wanting to take justice into his own hands, especially with the crimes which are known but which convictions for one reason or another are not in the offing. Their chats embolden Erica, who still is struggling emotionally with who she felt she had to become, a woman totally foreign to the pre-attack Erica. Regardless, she may let that vigilante side of her new self take charge until she is able to bring her and David's three attackers to what she considers justice. Huggo Three silent weeks after that fateful late-night encounter with a gang of muggers in a dim-lit Central Park underpass, the once-happy New York City talk jockey, Erica Bain, is about to discover that everything she holds dear is now gone forever. Crippled by fear, in the heart of a now-grotesque city, Erica summons up the courage to walk out the front door and buys a concealed carry semi-automatic pistol, only to use it later that night. But, blood demands more blood, and as Erica becomes increasingly addicted to looking for trouble, offering herself as bait, her bloody path of vengeance catches the unwanted attention of a highly divided crowd and Detective Mercer. Now, the loaded gun in Erica's hand becomes the judge and the jury, and the thin line between right and wrong starts to fade away. In a cruel, mad world, is vigilantism the only answer? Nick Riganas The day that radio essayist Erica Bain selects wedding invitations, her fianc is murdered and she brutally assaulted while walking their dog in Central Park. Upon release from hospital, she buys an illegal handgun. When she witnesses a shooting in a convenience store and is stalked by the killer, she kills in self-defense but flees the scene. More incidents follow that she could have avoided. She walks the night streets a vigilante, a stranger to herself. A detective, Mercer, notices her and becomes her friend as he hunts for the killer. How long before he figures it out? Meanwhile, the methods of the police start to pay off in finding her fianc's killers. What now? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, radio host Erica Bain (Jodie Foster) and her fiance David (Naveen Andrews) are viciously attacked by three men while walking their dog in Central Park; the men film the assault on their cell phones, and steal Erica's engagement ring and her dog. David dies from his injuries. After being in a coma for several days, Erica wakes up in the hospital and learns that David has died. She finds herself unable to continue her life as normal. Traumatized and living in fear, she attempts to purchase a gun but is denied a sale due to having no gun license. A nearby black market gun dealer overhears her desperation for protection and offers to sell her a Kahr K9 pistol for $1,000. Unwilling to wait 30 days for a legal firearm, Erica buys the handgun from him. One evening while Erica is at a convenience store, a man enters and shoots the store's female cashier to death for the woman is his ex-wife who is suing him for alimony. Hearing Erica's cell phone ring, the man stalks her in the aisles before she kills him with three shots from her semi-automatic pistol. Another night later on a subway car, two black men harass the passengers, all of whom leave except Erica. The men then threaten her with a knife; she shoot and kills them both. Later on, Erica attempts to save a prostitute by threatening her pimp. When he attempts to run them down with his car, Erica shoots him though the windshield in the head, causing his car to run over the prostitute. She is injured but lives. Fueled by rage and a need for vengeance, Erica begins to track down the three men who killed David. Meanwhile, she strikes up a friendship with Detective Sean Mercer (Terrence Howard), who is investigating the vigilante killings around the city, and eventually comes to suspect her when he learns the vigilante is female. Mercer takes Erica with him to interview the prostitute she had saved, but the prostitute does not let on that she recognizes Erica (to protect Erica's identity out of gratitude for saving her life). Erica, after learning of a particularly frustrating case for Mercer, kills the suspect. Mercer privately indicates to Erica that he suspects her but is struggling with what to do about it. The police ask Erica to identify one of the suspects in her attack; though she recognizes the assailant, she does not identify him (vowing to kill the thug herself). She is later informed the police have found her engagement ring at a pawn shop, and goes there to get a name, address and phone number of who sold it to them. She tracks down one of her attacker's ex-girlfriends. The woman is initially too frightened to reveal her boyfriend's whereabouts, but she later sends Erica the video recording of her attack and his address. Erica forwards the video onto Mercer. Erica tracks down all three men, and confronts and kills two of them before freeing her dog. She struggles with the third attacker who gains the upper hand just as Mercer arrives. As Mercer attempts to arrest the attacker, Erica retrieves her weapon and prepares to execute him. Mercer persuades Erica to lower her gun, but after looking into her pleading eyes, hands her his own gun to use instead, and Erica shoots him dead. He then insists that Erica wound him with her gun, which she does, allowing them to frame her attackers for the vigilante killings. Mercer then places her gun in the last attacker's hand and Erica leaves. In the final shot, Erica is walking through Central Park joined by her dog. 
 Toy Story 2 (1999)761) When Woody is stolen by a toy collector, Buzz and his friends set out on a rescue mission to save Woody before he becomes a museum toy property with his roundup gang Jessie, Prospector, and Bullseye. While Andy is away at summer camp Woody has been toynapped by Al McWiggin, a greedy collector and proprietor of "Al's Toy Barn"! In this all-out rescue mission, Buzz and his friends Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm springs into action to rescue Woody from winding up as a museum piece. They must find a way to save him before he gets sold in Japan forever and they'll never see him again! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Woody is stolen from his home by toy dealer Al McWhiggin, leaving Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the gang to try to rescue him. But when Woody discovers that he's actually a valuable collectible from a once-popular television show called "Woody's Roundup" and is reunited with his horse Bullseye, Jessie the yodeling cowgirl and his faithful sidekick, Stinky Pete the Prospector, he doesn't want to leave. Jwelch5742 Whilst Andy is at summer camp, Woody is accidentally placed in a yard sale. Al, a greedy toy collector spots him and sneaks away from the yard with the toy. Whilst Woody is meeting up with new toys, Jessie the cowgirl, Stinky Pete the prospector and Bullseye the horse, whilst Buzz Lightyear and the rest of the toys enter the real world outside the house to find him. Film_Fan In "Toy Story 2," the fun and adventure continues when Andy goes off to summer camp and the toys are left to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector kidnaps Woody who unbeknownst to himself is a highly valued collectable. It's now up to Buzz Lightyear and the gang from Andy's room - Mr. Potato Head, Slinky Dog, Rex and Hamm - to spring into action and save their pal from winding up as a museum piece. There's plenty of excitement and fun as the toys get into one predicament after another in their daring race to get home before Andy does. Aaron <michaels@freeway.net> TOY STORY 2 picks up sometime after TOY STORY left off. Andy is having a yard sale. A broken toy penguin named Wheezy is thrown in a selling box. In a rescue attempt, Woody gets Wheezy back. Unfortunately, Woody is left behind in a box and is stolen by a greedy toy collector. In an all-out rescue mission, Buzz and the gang try to get Woody back. Adding to the conflicts is the toy collector is soon selling Woody to Japan. neo101 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the movie begins, Woody is excited to be going to Cowboy Camp, a yearly event when just he and Andy are together. But before they leave, Andy accidentally rips Woody's arm. Andy can't fix Woody, so rather than take him to camp, he leaves Woody behind. The next day, Andy's mom holds a yard sale, and almost all the toys panic that they will be sold. However, the one in real danger is a little squeaky toy penguin named Wheezy, whose squeaker is broken. Woody manages to call Andy's dog Buster to help him, and they get Wheezy back in the house. However, Woody is left outside and is soon found by Al McWhiggen, the owner of Al's Toy Barn. Andy's mom quickly plucks Woody from the collector's grasp, saying that Woody is not for sale. When Andy's mom turns her back, though, Al manages to steal Woody, and quickly rushes off. The toys have seen this from Andy's room, and Buzz rushes outside to rescue his friend. However, the vehicle pulls away, but not before leaving behind a feather. Buzz also notes the license plate, which reads LZTYBRN. Back in Andy's room, the toys review the events as they unfolded, while Buzz uses Mr Spell to help him decipher the license plate. Finally, he hits on the key: Al's Toy Barn. Meanwhile, Woody finds himself in an apartment, and once Al leaves, meets up with three other toys: a horse named Bullseye, a cowgirl doll named Jessie, and an in-the-box doll called the Prospector. Each of the toys is excited to see Woody, but he has no idea who they are. They show him around Al's apartment, where Woody soon learns that he was once the star of a popular children's show called Woody's Round-Up. Back at Andy's place, the toys scan the television in Andy's room for a commercial advertising Al's Toy Barn. Etch-a-Sketch takes down the location, and Buzz jots it down on a post-it note. A rescue party is assembled, comprised of Buzz, Potato Head, Hamm, Rex, and Slinky Dog. Buzz tells the others that they'll return before Andy comes back from Cowboy Camp. Meanwhile, Woody has been watching episodes of the old television show in Al's apartment, but is shocked when one episode ends on a cliffhanger. The Prospector tells Woody that once public attention turned to astronauts, cowboys were out, and space toys were in. Woody's mood soon sours when he learns that the entire collection of Woody's Round-Up merchandise, as well as the four of them, are all set to be sold to the Kinishi Toy Museum in Tokyo, Japan. Woody says that he can't go, and has to get back to Andy. The Prospector explains that the museum will only accept everything if he (Woody) is included. Otherwise, the entire collection (including Bullseye, Jessie, and the Prospector) will go back into storage -- a situation that gets Jessie very upset. Suddenly Al returns, intending to get a group photo to send to the Toy Museum. In the process, he pulls off Woody's right arm. Al takes the arm and calls a toy repairman, while Woody freaks out over the loss of his arm. Later that evening, Al returns to the main room and falls asleep watching TV. Woody notices that his arm is in Al's pocket, and attempts to get it back. However, the VCR suddenly turns on, startling Al, and foiling Woody's plans. Al leaves the room and Woody notices the VCR remote near Jessie, prompting him to accuse her. Jessie does not take this lightly, and gets into a fight with Woody, before the Prospector breaks up their scuffle. The next morning, Buzz and the other rescuers finally reach Al's Toy Barn and split up to find Woody. Buzz's journey takes him down the Buzz Lightyear aisle, where he sees multiple versions of himself. Noting a display toy with a new anti-gravity belt, Buzz attempts take the belt for himself, but the display Buzz grabs him and subdues him. Much like Buzz in the first film, this other Buzz assumes he is a real space ranger. The deluded Buzz seals the real Buzz in a Buzz Lightyear box. When the others come along, they assume that deluded Buzz is their friend. Deluded Buzz goes off with the others as the real Buzz struggles to get out of his packaging prison. Back at Al's, the toy cleaner comes and fixes Woody, repairing his arm, then cleaning him and touching up his paint. The cleaner paints over the "ANDY" scrawling on the bottom of Woody's boot, making Woody look just like new. Al then takes the photos he needs, and goes off to his toy store to fax the information over to Japan. Woody is ecstatic to be whole again, and intends to leave -- much to Jessie's ire. The Prospector tells Woody that maybe he should patch things up between the two of them before he goes. Woody tries to tell Jessie about how great Andy is, but Jessie tells him that she once had an owner as well, named Emily. Jessie flashes back to her experiences of being loved, forgotten, and ultimately abandoned by her owner, Emily. "When She Loved Me" (by Randy Newman, voice: Sarah McLachlan) serves as the audio, in a memorable cinema-tearjerker montage, depicting how as Emily grew up, Jessie was put aside, and finally tossed into a donations box, never to see her owner again. Woody quietly starts to leave, when the Prospector warns that the same thing could happen to him, because he can't stop Andy from growing up. If he goes back, he may be discarded like Jessie ... but if he stays with the group, they'll be safe and last forever. Woody decides to listen to the Prospector, much to the delight of the other toys. Back at Al's Toy Barn, the gang finds Al sending a fax to Japan before going home to pack for his trip to Tokyo. The group jumps into Al's satchel, sure that he'll lead them to Woody. Back in the Buzz Lightyear aisle, the real Buzz has freed himself, and seeing Rex's tail sticking out the back of Al's satchel, follows along a few steps behind. As Buzz exits the store, he knocks over a display, which also contains a boxed toy of Buzz's arch-enemy: Zurg. The toy sees Buzz running off and pursues him. Unfortunately for the toys, Al leaves his bag in the car, so they attempt to enter Al's building using the ventilation system and an opening into the apartment building's elevator. Eventually, they make it to Al's apartment and find Woody, quickly attempting to rescue him, but not before the real Buzz shows up and proves himself to his friends. Woody then shocks his friends, claiming that he actually wants to go to Japan. In a near-reverse from the first film, Woody eagerly talks about the television show that was centered on his character, and all the related merchandise. "Woody, you're not a collectible, you are a child's plaything. You. are. a. TOY!" exclaims Buzz, intending to make his friend stay with Andy. But Woody pleads that he is living on borrowed time; any more damage and he could be thrown away. Buzz reminds Woody that he once told him life was only worth living if you're loved by a kid, and that's why he came to rescue Woody...because he believed those words. When Woody still refuses to go, the others decide to leave him. "I don't have a choice, Buzz," says Woody. "This is my only chance." "To do what, Woody?" asks Buzz, "To be looked at from behind glass and never be loved again? Some life." After they leave, Woody contemplates what Buzz said, and as an episode of Woody's Round-Up plays on the TV, Woody looks at his boot, and scrapes off the paint covering the name "ANDY." Woody suddenly has second thoughts, goes to the ventilation grate, and yells to Buzz that he's changed his mind, but then asks Jessie and Bullseye to come with him. Jessie is afraid of being hurt again, but Woody really wants her to come. Woody is about to ask the Prospector, when he finds the Prospector out of his box, sealing off the ventilation shaft cover. The Prospector's anger then comes out: he's spent his entire life in a package...never bought, never loved. He fully intends to go to Japan along with Woody, Jessie and Bullseye. Woody's friends attempt to open the grate, but haven't succeeded by the time Al returns to take the gang to Tokyo. The rescuers head back down the ventilation shaft towards the elevator, only to encounter the Zurg toy that was freed when the toys left Al's Toy Barn. The duplicate Buzz faces off against Zurg, but soon is shocked when the evil ruler proclaims that he is Buzz's father, and attempts to destroy him. Rex saves the day when he accidentally knocks Zurg off the elevator, defeating him. As the group makes their way to the lobby, they are unable to get in Al's car before it drives away, but they 'borrow' a Pizza Planet delivery truck that is running nearby. The duplicate Buzz stays behind. He's found Zurg, they're partaking in a father/son game of catch. The group makes it to the Tri-County Airport and manages to get to the baggage area. Because there are numerous cases like Al's, the group splits up. Buzz is eventually able to find the right one, but not before the Prospector pops out and punches him away. Woody faces off to fight the Prospector, but not before the angry toy uses his pick-axe to rip the new stitching on Woody's arm. The Prospector promises further dismemberment unless Woody complies and returns to the suitcase, but the plan is foiled when the rest of the group arrive. As Buzz holds the Prospector aloft, he rants that children destroy toys, and that someday they'll be tossed out and forgotten, rotting away in a landfill. Woody soon decides that the Prospector could benefit from a little 'playtime,' and the gang shoves him into a little girl's backpack. Upon receiving her backpack, the girl declares that the Prospector needs a makeover. Back in the airport baggage room, the gang has successfully freed Bullseye, but is unable to get to Jessie before the suitcase is sent out to the airplane. Riding on Bullseye, Woody and Buzz give chase, with Woody eventually making his way to the airplane. Jessie is pleased that Woody came to rescue her, but the joy soon turns to panic when the baggage doors close, and the plane begins to move. Woody and Jessie make their way out through an opening near the plane's front tires. Then Woody slips, and almost rips his right arm off again, before Buzz appears below. Woody and Jessie manage to swing off the wheel-well using Woody's pull-string and hop aboard Bullseye just as the plane takes off. The next day, Andy returns from Cowboy Camp and eagerly looks for his toys. They're neatly displayed on the bed -- and there are some new ones. Andy patches up Woody's arm in his own special way, and writes his name on the bottom of Jessie's and Bullseye's feet. Woody is soon overjoyed to see that Wheezy has also been fixed. One of the toys found an extra squeaker at the bottom of the toy box, and gleefully, Wheezy breaks into song. As the toys are enjoying the performance, Woody and Buzz go over to the nearby window, where down below, Andy, Molly, and their Mother are playing in the driveway. "Are you worried?" asks Buzz, remembering Woody's fears of Andy growing up and throwing him away. "About Andy?" asks Woody. "Nah. It'll be fun while it lasts." "I'm proud of you, cowboy," says Buzz, happy that his friend has come to terms with their uncertain future. "Besides," says Woody, putting an arm around his friend, "when it's all over, I'll have my old pal Buzz Lightyear to keep me company... To infinity, and beyond." The two join the other toys as Wheezy finishes his song ("You've Got A friend In Me," voice: Robert Goulet). 