nm0005318:

 The Collector (20042006)Summaries Centuries ago, Morgan Pym made a deal with Satan: his soul, in exchange for 10 years with his one true love. After she died, Morgan - desperate to avoid eternity in hell - agreed to become a Collector, charged with collecting souls from those who'd made deals with Satan. Morgan's deal with the devil includes one additional clause: Morgan is allowed 48 hours with each client to try and redeem them before they are condemned to hell... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Popular (19992001)Summaries Two girls who despise each other, due to being on opposite sides of the "popularity fence", are forced together upon learning that their parents are getting married. The two girls who are seen in their fictional Jacqueline Kennedy High School as the leaders of two main opposing cliques, the popular one and the not so popular one, clash heads when their single parents meet, fall in love and decide to get hitched. However, both the girls and their two cliques slowly grow together and become an unlikely group of friends with both typical and not so typical high school and young adult problems. Brooke McQueen is the captain of Glamazons, the school's cheerleading squad. She's considered smart, beautiful and perfect. Privately, she's been dealing with self-image and body image issues ever since her estranged mother left her and her father. She also tries to fight the popular image people have of her. She wants to be good and does good and often helps people instead of thinking only about herself but she also has a suppressed selfish side. Sam McPherson aims to have the opposite image of Brooke's. She's attracted to journalism and wants to be the voice of nonconformists. Despite this, she has several flaws like being too judgmental, underestimating people or ignoring the fact that she sometimes acts hypocritically, especially when it comes to love. Her anger partially stems from the trauma of losing her father to leukemia. Lily Esposito is the schools top environmentalist, animal and human rights activist and an all-around liberal On the other hand, she has a fear of sex and sexuality and this creates problems in her relationships with men. She's Sam's friend and so is Harrison John, the ultimate friend-zoned guyfriend, who's been friends with both Brooke and Sam for a long time and has a crush on Brooke ever since childhood but also feels certain attraction to Sam. These three friends make the ultimate love triangle. Carmen Ferrara is a slightly overweight girl, who tries to deal with her body issues by trying to accept and enjoy who she is. Despite being friends with Sam's group, her dream is to become one of the Glamazons and be friends with the popular girls as well and she goes for it. Josh Ford is the school's hot popular quarterback, who at first seems like a walking jock stereotype but actually has a lot of depth and is for the most part a nice guy. He dates Brooke at first and they become the school's ultimate power couple but he eventually decides to quit trying to be what other people want him to be and become his own man. Nicole Julian is the second in command of Glamazons but always wants more power and influence. She's assertive, smart, cynical, egotistical, Machiavellian, combative and attractive and she knows it. She sees herself as the Queen B of the school and wants everyone to know it and respect it. She does not play fair and wants to see all her real and perceived enemies destroyed. The only people she respects are Gwyneth Paltrow and for the most part Brooke. However, she sometimes shows her suppressed empathic side and in those moments she becomes a true friend. Michael 'Sugar Daddy' Bernardino is Josh's towering best friend. He's cheerful, fun, acts like a rapper, takes the simple approach to life but also suffers from morbid obesity. He doesn't let this bother him though and uses his size to his advantage when playing football with Josh for the school's team. Mary Cherry is Nicole's larger than life, super rich, both genuinely quirky and amusingly psychotic, best friend and a Glamazon, although Nicole usually treats her like her sidekick. Jane McPherson is Sam's loving mom. Mike McQueen is Brooke's loving dad. The two meet and fall in love which eventually leads to marriage. Brooke and Sam can't accept this and even do their best to try to break them up but the girls eventually see the upside of becoming stepsisters, which doesn't stop them from occasionally stabbing each other in the back. Bobbi Glass is the gang's conservative, androgynous, charismatic, ingenious, commanding, tyrannical female biology, science and chemistry teacher and a true frienemy who always comes up with creative ways to put her students down but she also has a somewhat of an empathic side to her. She has several twin brothers and sisters. April Tuna is the school's scary unhinged psychotic nerdy ginger with a potent sex drive, but boys avoid her nonetheless. She leads the actual unpopular kids from the fringes of high school society and has her eye on Harrison. Emory Dick is Harrison's self-confident geeky friend who doesn't even try to fit in and likes it that way. He's always ready to help his friends and often comes up with silly creative plans that sometime actually make things worse. Poppita Fresh is the African American Glamazon and fits in perfectly with Nicole and Mary Cherry. George Austin is a smart, nice, hot, and caring African American jock, who falls for Sam and she reciprocates. Freddy Gong is the school's uneasy Asian American student, who has a strange masochistic rapport with Nicole. Principal Cecilia Hall is the school's caring blind principal who always tries to be just and help the students as well as protect the school's interests. Vice-Principal Calvin Krupps arrives later to help the school deal with conflicts between students. He's a very smart man, who doesn't mind playing games or confronting students openly if he believes that some good will come of it. Principal Hall eventually disappears from the show and he becomes the schools acting principal and he and Ms. Glass become buds. Godfrey is Ms. Glass' very strange on and off boyfriend who eventually becomes a priest. Cherry Cherry is Mary Cherry's super rich super charismatic no-nonsense mother and businesswoman who talks tough and acts accordingly. Her dream is to marry the real life actor Erik Estrada and when she wants something, she means business. The show's plots, arcs and subplots range from creative quirky over the top parodies to enhanced reality situations and typical high school drama. Due to unforeseen cancellation, the show ends on a huge cliffhanger. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Elysium (I) (2013)761) In the year 2154, the very wealthy live on a man-made space station while the rest of the population resides on a ruined Earth. A man takes on a mission that could bring equality to the polarized worlds. In the year 2154, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy, who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Delacourt, a government official, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn't stop the people of Earth from trying to get in by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life but could bring equality to these polarized worlds. Production In 2154, the population is divided in two social classes: the wealthy people live in Elysium, a space station with all the resources; the poor people live on the exhausted Earth. In Los Angeles, the former car thief Max da Costa is on parole and works in an unhealthy factory Armadyne managed by the CEO John Carlyle. He dreams of saving money to travel to Elysium. Meanwhile the Secretary of Defense of Elysium, Delacourt, plots a coup d'etat against President Patel, with the support of Carlyle. He programs a software that can override Elysium's data system and make any change, including the president's name to Delacourt. Carlyle uploads the software to his brain to increase its protection. Max is exposed to a lethal amount of radiation in Armadyne and has only five more days of life. He seeks out the criminal Spider expecting to travel to Elysium, where he can use a medical chamber called Med-bay that is capable to heal any disease and save his life. Spider tells that if Max steals profitable information, such as bank accounts, from the brain of Carlyle that is on Earth. Max accepts the proposal without knowing the powerful knowledge in Carlyle's brain. When Delacourt learns that the information she needs to become president was stolen from Carlyle brain, she sends the notorious agent Kruger to hunt down Max and recover the software at any cost. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the future Earth is over populated and so polluted that the wealthy and powerful create a new place to live. It's called Elysium and it's just within Earth's orbit. and they have all sorts of conveniences among them is a machine can heal anyone. So people on Earth who want to use it try to get there. But the Secretary of Defense Delacourt uses unsanctioned operatives like a man named Kruger to keep them off Elysium. Her latest attempt to keep people off Alysium catches the ire of the President who tells her to tone down her attitude and to stop using men like Kruger. Delacourt then approaches Carlyle, the head of Armadyne Corp, the company that built Elysium and all of what they use up there and asks him to make a program that would allow her to remove the President and put someone else in his position. He agrees to do it. On Earth, Max a man who has dreamed of going to Elysium and taking Frey, a girl he grew up with there. Max works for Armadyne and while at work Max is exposed to radiation and has days to live and needs to go to Elysium to use the machine. So he approaches Spider the man who gets people to Elysium for a price. But since Max can't pay him, he makes Max a proposition, he will get him there if Max gets some information out of the head of Armadyne's head. Max agrees and is fitted with an exo-skeleton to help him. They intercept Carlyle as he was leaving for Elysium to deliver the program to Delacout and get the information out of him. Delacourt would send Kruger to save Carlyle but is killed in the crossfire. Delacourt tells Kruger to get Max because he has the program in his head. And Kruger decides to get Max through Frey. When Spider sees the program he tells Max this could change the whole system but Max wants to help Frey first. rcs0411@yahoo.com The year is 2154, and the division between social classes has grown wider than ever before. As the rich enjoy a life of luxury and access to cutting-edge medical technology on Elysium, the rest of the human race contend with poverty, crime, and disease on the surface of planet Earth. Meanwhile, hard-line immigration laws ensure that only those who have been explicitly approved will ever set foot on the elusive paradise in the stars. 36-year-old Max (Matt Damon) lives in an L.A. shantytown and earns his living by working on an Armadyne assembly line. He's had a rough past, but he's struggling to stay on the right side of the law when he realizes that his only hope for survival after being exposed to deadly radiation is to reach Elysium. Should Max succeed, he will strike a major blow for equality in the eyes of his fellow surface dwellers; should he fail, it will mean certain death. In his quest to become the hero who can restore the balance between the rich and the poor, however, Max must first do battle with Elysium's hawkish Secretary of Defense Delacourt (Jodie Foster), who has devoted her entire career to maintaining that division, and whose key enforcer Kruger (Sharlto Copley) is notorious for his brutal tactics in driving out illegals. With the fates of millions hanging in the balance, Max sets his sights on Elysium and never looks back.. Orbiting an exhausted and toxic twenty-second-century Earth, the technologically advanced satellite haven called "Elysium" gives shelter to the world's extremely rich and powerful, providing seclusion from the poor ones who are left behind. However, when the former criminal, Max, sustains a lethal dose of radiation leaving him with only five days to live, the condemned man decides to get there to cure himself, even though others' previous attempts ended up in instant disaster. Between life or death, there is no telling what a man would do to survive; nevertheless, when Max is confronted with a pressing dilemma, not even the icy Secretary of Defence, Delacourt, can stand in the way. Can Max do the unimaginable? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2154, the Earth is polluted, vastly overpopulated, the climate has become hot and dry and disease runs rampant through the dilapidated slums that the cities have become. The wealthiest people have fled the planet and taken refuge on Elysium, a Stanford Torus high-tech space station, just beyond earth's atmosphere. While those on Earth are policed by ruthless robots, Elysium's citizens are governed by President Patel (Faran Tahir), in a Utopian setting which includes access to private medical machines, called "Med-Bays," that offer instant cures for virtually any ailment or injury a person may experience. A young boy named Max DeCosta (Perry Cotton) and his young girlfriend, Frey Santiago (Valentina Giros), are living in the ruins of Los Angeles, where the surrounding area is now a vast desert and people live in nothing more than small shacks. Frey can read and she reads Max stories about Elysium. Max lives in an orphanage with a kindly nun. The nun says he is born to do something great. Frey and Max are looking up at Elysium, which is visible from Earth. Max intends to go there someday and promises to take Frey with him. Frey takes a pen and marks on Max's hand. She inscribes a circle and the letters M + F. Years later, when he's 36 years old, Max (Matt Damon), sports numerous tattoos and wears an electronic ankle bracelet. He is preparing to board a bus to travel to his job. Two security robots approach him as he's standing in line. When asked what he's carrying in his pack, Max answers with a sarcastic tone. They rip off his backpack, then hit him twice, breaking his wrist. He's a felon, a former car thief, and on parole, so he's frequently singled out for harassment. Max, identified as #6722, and Frey, now a nurse, accidentally meet at the clinic where he goes to have his arm treated. Max asks her to have coffee with him, but she declines. Finally, she agrees to meet him soon. Max had been ordered by the robots to go see his parole officer, another robot. The parole officer robot can detect "attitude" and it doesn't like Max's, so his parole is extended. The robot then offers Max a pill to help calm his heart rate, which it has detected as elevated. Max smirks and turns it down. Max works at an assembly line for Armadyne Corp, a company which supplies Elysian weaponry, as well as the robots which police the Earth. The shift supervisor docks him half a day's pay for being late. Partaking of an illegal emigration operation, some of the people in Los Angeles were able to come up with some money which they use to acquire Elysium identification brands on their wrists, then they board three dilapidated looking shuttles, which take off and flies towards Elysium. The shuttles require codes, which were also stolen. A French-speaking woman named Delacourt (Jodie Foster) is the Defence Secretary for Elysium. When she's told about three unauthorized shuttles approaching, she overrides Executive Order 355 and activates a rogue sleeper agent on Earth named C.M. Kruger (Sharlto Copley). Kruger immediately grabs a shoulder-fired ground to air missile launcher and fires off four rockets. The rockets chase down the shuttles and destroy two of them, killing all 46 people on board. The other shuttle makes it to Elysium and lands. The rich folks in the area are all in a tizzy, as helicopters and robots give chase of the occupants of the shuttle. One mother and her daughter who were on the shuttle that landed rush into a house and find a Med-Bed. The girl's wrist is scanned, and she is identified as an Elysium citizen. A machine then assesses her physical condition, determining she had multiple fractures, and begins repairing the broken bones. The incident results in 32 arrests and 13 casualties, with two at-large. The at large were the mother and daughter, who are soon apprehended. All 34 are prepared for deportation back to earth. Max's friend Julio (Diego Luna), tries to entice him to come back into the auto theft game, but he refuses, wanting to complete his parole and find a way to get up to Elysium. At Max's workstation, a pallet jams the door to the firing unit for the robots. The supervisor orders Max to un-jam the door or he will lose his job. Max has no choice but to squeeze into the chamber and push the pallet away from the door. When he does, the door slams shut and the radiation powers on. Max receives a lethal dose of radiation. After he is finally dragged from the chamber and sent to a medical unit, he is told by another droid that he will die in five days. Armadyne CEO John Carlyle (William Fichtner) goes down on the production floor to see what the emergency was. He sees Max lying on a bed in the infirmary and orders that Max be taken away, so he won't mess up the bedding. A robot gives Max some pills to help him deal with the inevitable discomfort and will keep him physically functional until he dies. President Patel summons Delacourt. She is brought before the President and his cabinet. They are not happy with her for ordering the shuttles shot down, and for using Kruger to do it. Delacourt is impudent, as she sasses Patel and all but calls him a coward who would see Elysium destroyed if not for people like her. Patel threatens to fire Delacourt if she screws up again. He orders her to stop using Kruger. When Kruger learns that he's not going to be utilized anymore, he becomes infuriated and feels betrayed. Julio sees Max returning from the infirmary, barely able to walk, and rushes to help him. Julio helps him take some of the pills. Max tells Julio that he wants to go see Spider (Wagner Moura), the rebel behind the illegal transports to Elysium, about getting to Elysium. Max is desperate to make the trip now, as he needs a Med-Bay to heal himself. Frey has a young daughter, Matilda (Emma Tremblay), who experiences seizures. She had been taking her to work with her, but was ordered to leave her daughter home, as the doctors weren't able to give her treatments. Max and Julio got to the high-tech rebel command centre where Max asks Spider for an identification brand and a ticket to Elysium, promising to come back and work for him. He reminds Spider that he did three years in prison for him. Spider decides to make Max an offer. If he'll plug into the brain of one of Elysium's high-ranking officials and obtain pass codes and other secret data that would provide Spider access to money, then he'd make sure Max was able to get to Elysium. Max must submit to surgery by what appear to be nothing more than glorified tattoo artists. They attach a third-generation powered exoskeleton to Max's body and wire a data collection device to his brain. The exoskeleton gives Max the strength of a droid. Max tells Spider that his friend, Julio, had to be included in the deal, and that John Carlyle must be the high-level target. Delacourt, vowing to protect Elysium and her own power, bargains with Carlyle to create a program that can override Elysium's computer core to give her the Presidency. Carlyle would be beneficiary of a 200 year contract to provide essential services to the community of Elysium. Carlyle works up a new computer protocol called "Sabre Cerebral Defence," and programs it into his own brain device. He also encrypts it with a denial system that would prove lethal to anyone attempting to download and use the program. He then boards a shuttle for a flight to Elysium. Max, Julio (Diego Luna) and a team of Spider's men arm themselves and make use of two fast armoured vehicles. They are aware of Carlyle's planned flight to Elysium and they set out to intercept him. Max shoots an explosive device at the shuttle, which locks on near one of the engines. As there is only 15 seconds until the shuttle goes supersonic, the explosive device must be detonated in short order. Once the shuttle has cleared its launch facility and has travelled a short distance, the explosive is detonated, and the shuttle is forced to crash land. Delacourt calls Kruger as soon as she's informed that Carlyle's shuttle has gone down, and that a former felon named Max De Costa was responsible. Kruger demands that he be "reinstated" if he decides to go rescue Carlyle. Delacourt allows it, then arranges for two of Kruger's former associates to pick him up. Max and his men arrive at Carlyle's shuttle and are confronted by one of two droids who were on the shuttle with Carlyle. After a difficult fight, Max destroys one droid. One of the men then uses a device to cut through the hull of Carlyle's shuttle and provide access to him. However, the second droid exits on the opposite side and comes around to confront Max and the others. Max and the others exchange fire with the droid. One of the men is firing his weapon while keeping his body hidden, so he can't see where his rounds are going. Max warns him not to hit Carlyle, who is shot in the chest. Max then engages the droid in hand-to-hand battle and finally tears the droid's head off. Max and his men quickly establish a head to head computer connection between Max and the quickly dying Carlyle, but something is wrong and Max's computer expert says he can't read the data being transferred. They are out of time, as Kruger and his cohorts have arrived. When Max tries to run, he collapses, and Julio has to pause to help him -- something about the downloaded data is causing him head pain. Kruger's weapons on the shuttle he's in are very effective. He shoots and flips over one of the vehicles Max and his men had been using. Kruger lands his shuttle and gets out and attacks Max, stabbing him. Kruger is about to decapitate Max when Julio shoots Kruger in the neck. Kruger then runs his sword through Julio. Max recovers and shoots at Kruger, but Kruger uses a force field to avoid being killed. On Elysium, Delacourt orders that Max be captured but that his brain be left undamaged. Carlyle dies and Max is able to escape. As he stumbles along, with Kruger and his men in pursuit in the shuttle with sophisticated tracking equipment, an old lady hides Max under her cart filled with pigs, thus helping him evade detection. Kruger deploys six tracking discs that start flying around the city attempting to locate Max. Delacourt issues a "No Fly" order for all craft in the Los Angeles area, so that Kruger can search unimpeded. Kruger now knows what the data transfer between Carlyle and Max was all about. Max goes to see Frey, calling out to her on the street as she was leaving her job. He begs her for help, telling her she couldn't tell anyone. She takes him to her home where she has the necessary medical supplies to help him. As she's tending to his stab wound, she notices a tattoo he has, a circle and the letters M + F, the same thing she once wrote on his hand with an ink pen when they were children. Max is saved by Frey and he meets Matilda. Frey tells Max that Matilda has leukaemia. She asks Max to find a way to get Matilda to Elysium, so she can be cured. Max tells her it's too dangerous, and he can't do it. Matilda tells Max a story about a meerkat who is hungry, so he befriends a lonely hippo in order to get some fruit. The point of the story was to indicate how creatures in need can find ways to help one another. Max just says he's sorry and then he leaves. One of the search discs finds Max once he's back out on the streets. Max throws a rock at it and knocks it out of the sky, but not before Kruger has seen Max. Kruger and his men quickly travel to Frey's place and bust in, demanding to know where Max is. They take Frey and Matilda with them in the shuttle. Max goes to see Spider and demands he fly him to Elysium immediately. Spider tells Max that there's a no-fly order in effect and it can't be done. Spider then connects to the port in Max's head to see what data had transferred from Carlyle's head. He quickly realizes it's a reboot program for Elysium, something of tremendous significance. Max realizes he can trade the data for his cure and decides to leave. Spider has to quickly order his men not to shoot Max. Max is desperate to get to Elysium so he can heal his radiation poisoning. Max returns to the site of the disc he'd knocked out of the sky and he looks into its camera and tells Kruger to come get him. When Kruger arrives, Max produces a grenade and pulls the pin, telling Kruger that if he doesn't take him to Elysium, he will blow his own head off and destroy the reboot program. Kruger invites Max on board the shuttle, where Max is surprised to see Frey and Matilda. They start the 19 minute trip to Elysium. Delacourt lifts the no-fly restriction on L.A. Spider knows that Max is on a shuttle and bound for Elysium, as he'd attached a tracking device to Max before he'd taken off. Spider and two of his men get on their own shuttle and take off for Elysium. Kruger sings softly to Matilda and kisses Frey on the forehead. He's feeling an attraction for Frey and is willing to help Matilda as a result. When one of Kruger's associates approaches Frey, Max tells the guy to back up. Kruger then lunges and grabs at the grenade in Max's hand. They struggle. Max and Kruger fall, and the grenade rolls free. It blows up and destroys half of Kruger's face. The shuttle also becomes uncontrollable and crash lands on Elysium. Max carries Matilda to a safe spot away from the shuttle, then opens the shuttle doors and goes back for Frey, who was trapped in her seat. He frees her and she goes and gets Matilda and carries her into a mansion as Elysium security forces are arriving. Max, meanwhile, has to fight with one of the bad guys on the shuttle. The second bad guy takes off after the girls. Frey places Matilda in a healing bed inside the mansion, but because Matilda isn't recognized as a legitimate citizen, the bed won't work. Kruger's goon arrives and tasers Frey. Max ends up getting tasered as well. Delacourt, who has told President Patel that because the intruders have committed an act of war and that she was now in charge, wants the data extracted from Max's head, which her expert tells her will kill Max. She's fine with that. Spider arrives in his clanky old shuttle, managing to land without incident. He immediately heads for where his tracking device indicates Max is. Kruger's goons take Frey and Matilda away. They put Kruger in a machine which completely reconstructs his face and head in about 30 seconds. He then wakes up. He survived only because his brain had not been damaged by the grenade explosion. Max breaks loose from his bonds and disables the two lab techs who'd been working on him. He forces one of them to tell him where Frey and Matilda had been taken. Delacourt approaches Kruger, who's still feeling out of sorts and very much on edge. When she starts criticizing him for stupidly crashing the shuttle in a suburban area, he angrily smashes the mirror he'd been examining his face in. He picks up a fairly large piece and jams it into Delacourt's throat. She goes down, bleeding badly. Kruger makes it clear that he intends to use the data deposited in Max's head to re-program Elysium and make himself the new president. Kruger tosses Delacourt into the room with Frey and Matilda. Kruger tells Frey that he was going to make sure her daughter is never healed. Kruger's goons start roaming around tossing grenades to take out Elysium's command and control structure. Matilda starts treating Delacourt's wound, but Delacourt stops her, preferring instead to die. Max calls Spider and they make their immediate plans. Max then heads for the armoury and takes the last of his pain pills. Kruger is now outfitted in a military-grade exoskeleton far superior to Max's droid suit, then orders his goon to kill Frey and Matilda. The goon plans to have some fun with Frey first, but Max gets there first and he is of superhuman strength after taking those pills and he simply crushes the goon, slamming him against the floor. The second goon comes in shooting and Max grabs an automatic weapon and kills him. Max sends Frey to the surface with Matilda, telling Frey to get Matilda to a Med Bay, promising her that it will work this time. Max teams up with Spider, reminding Spider that they have a deal only if Frey gets her daughter to a Med Bay. Spider sends one of his men to help Frey. Kruger blows up one of Spider's men. Some high frequency sounds are broadcast, which disables Max, as he can't bear them. Kruger then goes after Max with his sword. In a desperate fight on a high catwalk, Spider tackles Kruger before he can stab Max and Kruger's sword goes flying several levels below. Kruger then jams a knife into Spider's hand, taking him out of the fight. Max and Kruger engage in hand-to-hand combat. Max is losing the fight, when he suddenly executes a body flip and disengages Kruger's exoskeleton power source on the way down. Kruger manages to clip Max to a railing and then pulls the pin on a grenade, intending to blow them both up. Max pulls himself loose and flips both Kruger and the grenade over the railing. Kruger explodes in mid-air. Spider makes a cable connection to the port in Max's head at the same instant that Frey flips the switch on a Med Bay containing Matilda. Spider first confirms that Max wants him to proceed, as the data download process will be fatal to Max. Max confirms, but first he connects to Frey and tells her goodbye. Max then presses "Enter" on Spider's computer, just as President Patel arrives with security to arrest Spider. The Elysium reboot takes place and everyone on Earth becomes a citizen of Elysium. Max dies, Spider is released, Matilda is healed, and numerous Aid shuttles are sent to Earth to help the new citizens. 
 Orange County (2002)Summaries A guidance counselor mistakenly sends out the wrong transcripts to Stanford University under the name of an over-achieving high schooler. Shaun Brumder is a local surfer kid from Orange County who dreams of going to Stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household. Except Shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application. So, Shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend Ashley and his drugged-out loser brother Lance to get into Stanford any way they see fit. Matthew Patay Shaun Brumder, a high school senior in Orange County, had two life changing incidents one year ago, which made him focus less on his slacker surfer and beach partying lifestyle and more on his studies, in which he always did well despite placing little effort into it. First, his surfing friend, Lonny, died while trying to catch some extreme waves. And second, while sitting on the beach contemplating life in light of Lonny's death, he came upon a copy of Marcus Skinner's book "Straight Jacket" which was buried in the sand. Reading through that book multiple times was like a light turning on his his brain that he should become a writer. That turnaround in his life has led to him getting a 4.0 GPA in his senior year and being elected class president, which is all in an effort to get accepted into the English program at Stanford where Marcus Skinner is department head. He should be a shoo-in to be accepted there - according to his less than focused guidance counselor, Ms. Cobb - and as such it is the only school to which he applies. But the cosmos seem to be conspiring against him in being accepted. The primary people in his life seem to be working with the cosmos against him in getting into Stanford. Besides Ms. Cobb, they include: Lance Brumder, his constantly stoned older brother; Cindy Beugler, his constantly inebriated mom with who he lives, whose drinking is in an effort to deal with her less than satisfactory life, including marrying Bob Beugler who would not have been her first choice as husband number two if she was just considering herself; and Bud Brumder, his father whose sole foci seem to be his business and providing for his second family, which includes his younger vacuous trophy wife, Krista. Even Ashley, his animal activist girlfriend who will be attending Orange County University in the marine biology program in the fall, admits that she prayed that he wouldn't get accepted so that he wouldn't leave. As hard as Shaun tries to fight the cosmos, the harder the cosmos seems to fight back. In the process of Shaun trying to get accepted, he may come to some other realizations about his life concerning why he is so desperate to go to Stanford. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 