nm0000849:

 Skyfall (2012)761) James Bond's loyalty to M is tested when her past comes back to haunt her. When MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. When James Bond's (Daniel Craig's) latest assignment goes gravely wrong and Agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked, forcing (M Dame Judi Dench) to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes), the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows, aided only by field agent, Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris), following a trail to the mysterious Tiago Rodriguez, a.k.a. Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem), whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves. JoaoBond James Bond's (Daniel Craig's) mission is to keep a computer drive that has a list of British Agents from being used against them. He chases the man who has it, and they have a brawl on top of a train. Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris), an Agent sent to assist Bond, has them in her crosshairs, but hesitates to take the shot, because she might hit Bond, but M (Dame Judi Dench) orders her to take it. Which she does, and hits Bond, who falls into the river and is believed to be dead. A few months later, the British government is upset with MI6 for losing the list; specifically with M. She is told that she'll be allowed to retire, but she refuses to leave until the matter is resolved. So she returns to headquarters to work on it, but as she arrives, there's an explosion. In the meantime, Bond, who is not dead, has been laying low. When he learns of what happened, he returns. And M tasks him with finding the one who has the information. He eventually learns that the man who has it, Tiago Rodriguez, a.k.a. Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem), is someone from M's past and who has it in for her. rcs0411@yahoo.com When one MI6 hard disc with the identities of N.A.T.O.'s Agents is stolen, James Bond (Daniel Craig) chases the agent through Istanbul with the support of the local field agent Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris). M (Dame Judi Dench) orders Eve to shoot the agent on the top of a train, but she misses the target and hits 007, who falls in a river and is presumed dead. When M's computer is hacked, the MI6 building is blown-up, and the agency moves to an ancient bunker that belonged to Sir Winston Churchill. Then, five MI6 Agents have their identities exposed and three of them are executed, and M has her authority and procedure questioned by her superior, Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes). Out of the blue, 007 reappears from the shadows and hunts down who's responsible for the theft of the HD. He reaches Svrine (Brnice Marlohe) and uses her to find who's responsible for the actions, the former top-notch MI6 Agent Tiago Rodriguez, a.k.a. Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem), who had been betrayed by M, and now is seeking revenge against the veteran leader of the MI6. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil James Bond's (Daniel Craig's) latest adventure takes him deep to the heart of Istanbul, Turkey to retrieve a hard disc containing the names of N.A.T.O. operatives, their whereabouts, and their real identities. Unfortunately, the mission goes horribly awry, and ends with Bond getting shot while on the roof of a train. Fortunately, he survives and is enjoying life on a remote Mediterranean island. But an untimely and horrific attack compromises MI6, kills six Agents, and ultimately compromises M (Dame Judi Dench). Then a mysterious hacker, using the newly obtained data, outs the Agents on YouTube, compromising their missions and identities. That brings Bond back out of retirement. He then goes on a cat-and-mouse chase after a reclusive computer hacker, taking him to Shanghai, Macau, Japan, and ultimately back to London, and his childhood home called "Skyfall". While the hacker has ties to M's past, it puts Bond's loyalty to the ultimate test. Will he be able to stop it before it's too late? halo1k When a mission to kill a fierce assassin goes wrong for James Bond (Daniel Craig), a hard drive is stolen which contains the names and whereabouts of several Agents from MI6. This forces M (Dame Judi Dench) to relocate the agency underground and her position challenged by Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes), the new head of Intelligence and Security Committee. But M finds that her past comes back to punch her in the face when mysterious messages begin haunting her. Now Bond is sent to track down the hard drive and who has it. Aided by Miss Eve Moneypenny (Naomie Harris) and the new Q (Ben Whishaw), Bond's trail leads him to a mysterious hacker named Tiago Rodriguez, a.k.a. Raoul Silva (Javier Bardem), whose intentions are yet to be shown. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in Istanbul, where James Bond ( Daniel Craig ) finds fellow MI6 agent Ronson critically wounded and the hard-drive of a nearby laptop missing, the contents of the hard-drive not yet revealed. Bond gives chase to the enemy, a professional hitman by the name of Patrice ( Ola Rapace ), with the help of MI6 operative Eve ( Naomie Harris ), first by car, then by motorbike across the tiled roofs of the Istanbul Grand Bazaar, until finally the two men end up on a train. Bond is shot in the shoulder by Patrice whilst trying to make his way onto Patrice's car. The two then begin fighting hand-to-hand on top of the moving train, whilst further up the line Eve has taken position with a rifle ready to take out Patrice. Bond and Patrice are still grappling with each other, denying Eve a clear shot. M ( Judi Dench ) gives the order for Eve to take the shot, which she does. Bond is hit and falls into the river below, seemingly dead. A few months later, M begins writing Bond's obituary. The next day she is ordered to a meeting with Gareth Mallory ( Ralph Fiennes ), the chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. Mallory reveals that the missing hard drive contains the names of every undercover NATO agent embedded in terrorist organisations around the world. Mallory suggests that because of M's poor handling of the situation she should retire, or rather be forced to retire with full honours. She refuses and heads back to work. On the way there M's assistant Bill Tanner ( Rory Kinnear ) discovers that someone is remotely hacking MI6's database from M's computer. They hurry back to MI6 headquarters, but are stopped by police forming a roadblock just outside the building. As M is about to protest to the police officers, a large explosion rips through part of the building, killing several employees. Meanwhile, Bond is alive in some tropical paradise enjoying nights of alcohol and women. He has faked his death and is simply hiding out. However, he decides to cut his vacation short when he sees a CNN news broadcast about the attack on MI6. Upon returning to London, Bond confronts M at her house, where she tells him that he has been declared deceased and his property put in storage. He asks to rejoin the service, M agrees but tells him he will have to retake the tests to become a field agent again. Bond is taken to MI6's new base underground and his evaluation begins. Bond finds himself in poor physical shape. He also finds it difficult to remaster his marksmanship. He painfully removes some of the shrapnel left in his shoulder from where Patrice shot him and sends it off for analysis. Bond is called in to see M, meeting Eve along the way, who has been suspended from field duty and is now assisting Mallory in his transition to M's position. In M's office, Bond is surprised that one of M's less-tasteful desk ornaments, a white china bulldog with a Union Jack flag painted on its back, survived the explosion. M tells Bond he has barely passed his reassessment, and can resume normal service. Bond meets Mallory for the first time; Mallory tells him not to "cock it up" in relation to his new mission. The analysis of the shrapnel from Bond's shoulder indicates that it consists of a specialized form of depleted uranium that is used by only a handful of operatives in the world. When shown photos of three people who use such ammunition, Bond immediately recognizes Patrice. Tanner notes that Patrice is a professional hitman, and is also a ghost, with no other known names or aliases. They have word from the CIA that Patrice will be in Shanghai in two days, possibly on another job. M orders Bond to travel Shanghai to find Patrice, interrogate him for the list, then kill him in retaliation for the death of Ronson. After Bond leaves, Tanner inquires about Bond's return to the field, saying he didn't know that Bond had passed his evaluation. M tells Tanner that Bond didn't pass. Beforehand, she sends Bond to an art gallery to meet the new Quartermaster, or "Q" ( Ben Whishaw ). Q is young man, who gives Bond a radio locator and new model Walther PPK with a hand-print sensor that makes the pistol usable only by Bond. Bond travels to Shanghai and follows Patrice from the moment he arrives at the airport. Patrice takes a taxi to a skyscraper in the middle of town. As Bond watches from his car, Patrice shoots the security guard on duty with a suppressed pistol, then gets on the elevator. Bond follows him in and hitches a ride by grabbing a bar on the underside of the elevator cab. When Patrice reaches his floor he enters a server room, closely followed by Bond. He makes his way over to a window, assembles a sniper's rifle, and cuts a circular hole in the glass. Patrice aims his rifle through the hole, training it on an elderly Chinese businessman meeting with a mysterious woman in a building across the street. As two bodyguards pull back a sheet to show the businessman a valuable work by Amedeo Modigliani, Patrice fires his rifle, hitting the man in the back of the head. At that moment, Bond attacks and wrestles Patrice for control of the weapon. After a short struggle, Patrice is pushed through a broken window, but before he falls, Bond grabs his right arm and demands to know who his employer is. Patrice doesn't respond, Bond loses his grip, and Patrice falls to his death. Across the street, the mystery woman stares at Bond until he disappears under cover of darkness. Bond finds a casino chip from Macau amongst Patrice's equipment. Back in London, M looks at her computer. A message comes to her in the form of a "Click here to claim your prize" ad. When she clicks "here," a YouTube video comes up: their mystery attacker has posted the identities of five agents, and he promises to release five more every week. One of the messages in the communique reads "Think on your sins". Back at his hotel room, Bond receives an unexpected visit from Eve, who breaks the news as to what is going on in London. As they flirt, Eve shaves Bond's face and neck for him. Afterwards, Bond travels to the casino, hands in the chip and is given a briefcase containing 4 million euros for the assassination by the cashier, who mistakenly believes Bond to be the hitman. When Bond receives the money, he spots the woman he'd seen in Shanghai. She reveals her name, Svrine ( Brnice Marlohe ) and asks Bond to buy her a drink. Bond sits at the bar and talks to Svrine. Although she sounds polite and even smiles several times, it looks very artificial. As they talk, Bond notices that Svrine keeps looking at her three bodyguards nervously, and deduces that they are controlling her, not protecting her. When Bond tells her he wants to meet her employer, she becomes increasingly nervous and gets up to leave. Bond stops her, mentioning the tattoo on her right wrist indicating that she used to be in the Macau sex trade. Svrine warns Bond that he is about to be killed, but should he survive he should meet her at her yacht and then kill her employer. Bond is attacked by Svrine's bodyguards as he leaves the casino. He uses the briefcase to beat two of them before he is tackled off a footbridge by the third into a pit of Komodo dragons. The third henchman grabs Bond's "signature" pistol and tries to shoot him, but the palm-print ID won't let the gun activate itself. At that point, the henchman is grabbed by the Komodo dragons and dragged off into the darkness to be eaten. When Bond is climbing back up onto the bridge, one of the other two henchmen aims a pistol at him and prepares to shoot him, but Eve disarms him. Bond gives Eve the case with the money, telling her "Put it all on red. It's the circle of life." Bond makes it to Svrine's yacht and hitches a ride, joining her as she takes a shower. Back in London, some of the undercover agents who were identified in the YouTube video have been executed and their deaths have been posted on the web. Mallory tells M that the Prime Minister has ordered her to appear before an inquiry. M is reluctant, but Mallory is insistent that MI6 be accountable to the people they are protecting, that there are no more shadows to hide in. M counters that the person who is targeting them is from the same place Bond comes from, the shadows. The next morning, Bond and Svrine's yacht is approaching an island full of derelict buildings. Before he meets with his host, Bond activates Q's small radio device. Svrine suggests that they turn back, but the other crew on the boat surround them. Bond and Svrine are taken hostage and their hands are bound. As they walk through the deserted streets, Svrine reveals that her employer manipulated everyone who used to live there into evacuating overnight by using a computer to make them think the chemical plant had a leak. At that point, Bond and Svrine are separated and taken separate ways by the henchmen. Bond is taken to a room full of computer servers where he is tied to a chair. As he sits down, an elevator descends from above at the other end of the room. The doors open, and off steps Raoul Silva ( Javier Bardem ). Silva reveals that he is a former MI6 agent whom M betrayed by leaving him to be imprisoned and tortured at the hands of the enemy; M apparently gave him up because she felt his methods were too dangerous. Silva also reveals that M has sent Bond out on a mission despite the fact that Bond failed all of his tests, seem shaking Bond's trust of her. Bond and Silva then head out to a courtyard where Svrine is standing, tied up and beaten. Silva places a small shot glass of whiskey on Svrine's head, chides her to stand up straight, and then challenges Bond to shoot the glass off her head. Bond's shooting hand is unsteady, and misses (perhaps deliberately) but Silva wastes no time in shooting her in the forehead. Bond suddenly overpowers and kills Silva's men, but leaves Silva alive. Silva is baffled that Bond wants to send him back to M by himself. Bond then produces the radio transmitter Q gave him, revealing that he isn't alone. On cue, MI6 helicopters descend over the island. Back at MI6's underground HQ, Silva has been placed in an elaborate isolation cell. M confronts Silva about his attacks, but he questions her as to why she abandoned him, showing her how his hydrogen cyanide capsule failed to kill him and left his face deformed - it destroyed much of his upper jaw, some of his teeth and his left cheekbone, forcing him to wear a prosthetic. M counters Silva's chiding, saying she'll have his name struck off the memorial wall of MI6. Finding herself having to attend a public hearing with the MP, M leaves, visibly shaken. On her way out, she charges Bond and Q with inspecting Silva's laptop for any evidence. She also tells Bond that Silva's real name is Tiago Rodriguez and that he was one of MI6's best agents, who worked out of Hong Kong before the turnover of the protectorate to China in 1997. When he began to operate outside of MI6's authority, M gave him up to the Chinese government in return for several agents they held as prisoners and the peaceful handover of Hong Kong in 1997. While Bond watches, Q attempts to access Silva's computer, hooking it up to the MI6 system. He notices that Silva has failsafe protocols that only about six people in the world are capable of creating. Eventually, they manage to decrypt the files. Q determines that Silva's files use obfuscated code to conceal their true purpose. In his cell, Silva confidently stands up and stretches, zipping up his shirt. A guard asks him if he is going somewhere. Meanwhile, M and Tanner are in a tribunal overseen by MP Claire Dowar. The inquiry board carefully scrutinizes and criticizes M for her lack of proper handling of the security breaches and for the deaths of her agents. In Q's lab, Q finds that Silva is using a polymorphic engine to keep his computer coded. Bond notices that some of the letters in the decoder form two words: Granborough Road, which Bond recalls is an abandoned Metropolitan line tube station. Using the word Granborough as a key, the coding on the big screen transforms into a map of subterranean London. Suddenly, the glass trap doors in the floor flip open, to Q's confusion. Bond realizes Silva has hacked them again. Then the words "System Security Breach" show up on the monitor, followed by a skull and the message "NOT SUCH A CLEVER BOY." Q quickly unhooks the computer, trying to contain the viral upload. Bond sprints through MI6 headquarters to Silva's cell, but when he gets there, it's too late: Silva has killed both of his guards and vanished. Bond notices that a maintenance hatch in the floor has been removed, and spots Silva escaping into the tunnels. Bond travels down a stairway. Further down the tunnel, he can see Silva heading down another stairway. Bond makes his way down the stairs, draws his pistol, and goes through a service door, finding himself in a London Underground tunnel. As Bond walks down the track, Q tells him via headpiece that Silva has clearly spent years planning his move, blowing up the regular headquarters aware that MI6 would move down here, and aware of every emergency protocol. Bond returns that he's worried about what happens next: Silva goes after M personally. He gets to the next service door, but to his dismay, it's jammed. He panics, especially when he hears a train approaching. Bond struggles to push the door open, and eventually resorts to shooting the lock, narrowly jumping into the service tunnel just a second before the train goes by. Silva, meanwhile, makes his way down a stairway at Temple tube station. He comes upon two of his henchmen, dressed as police officers, who slip Silva a package as they pass. Bond enters the tube station through another maintenance door, blending in with a large crowd of commuters. A train pulls into the station. As passengers begin boarding and exiting, Bond asks Q to check the camera feeds for Silva, so he can be sure whether to get on the train. Q is unsure, due to the large size of the crowd. Being one person, he is unable to look at all the feeds at once and he fails to immediately notice Silva boarding the train, now disguised as a police officer. The doors close and the train begins to leave the station, just as Q finally sees that Silva is on board. Bond runs after the departing train, managing to latch onto the last car just in the nick of time. A bystander observes that Bond is "keen to get home." Claiming to be from Health and Safety, Bond gets the operator to open the door and let him on. Bond walks through each car on the train, searching for Silva. Silva, sensing that Bond has gotten on, is making his way towards the front of the train, one step ahead of Bond. Bond notices that the next stop is Westminster; Bond realizes Silva is heading for M. Meanwhile, M's inquiry hearing is going as well as one would expect. There is a brief disruption when Tanner receives messages from Q that Silva has escaped. He tries to warn M, but M refuses to leave and look like a coward. When the train pulls into Westminster, Silva bolts from the first car, and Bond bolts from the second car. Bond pursues him on foot through the crowded tube station. He loses track of Silva momentarily after sliding down an escalator banister. Silva smirks as he manages to avoid being noticed by blending in with some other police officers on patrol in the station. Silva then enters another tunnel through an unmarked door, followed by Bond. At the hearing, Mallory interrupts MP Dowar for going on for too long, realizing that the hearing is becoming more like a kangaroo court. Bond follows Silva down a dimly lit corridor into a cavernous room. Seeing Silva's shadow on the other side of the room, Bond picks up his pace. He catches up to Silva just as Silva is climbing a ladder to escape, and fires his pistol several times, missing. Silva acts annoyed that Bond missed him. Bond warns that he won't miss the next time he shoots. Silva replies in kind by showing Bond the latest thing from his 'toy store': a radio. He presses a button, setting off an explosive charge destroying part of the ceiling. Bond asks if that was meant for him. Silva laughs, saying "No! But that is." Just then, a train comes crashing through the freshly detonated hole. Bond dives for cover while Silva escapes. Silva makes his way to the surface. As he exits the station, a police car driven by his henchmen drives up. Silva climbs in and the car takes off. As Silva makes his way towards the tribunal, M gets her chance to speak at the inquiry hearing. She talks about how the questions thrown her way as to why MI6's -00 agents are still relative. She states that she sees a different world than they do, and she sees a truth that frightens her: their enemies are no longer known to them. They do not exist on the map, they are not nations, they are individual people. She suggests the other people in the room look around and ask, "What do you fear?" Meanwhile, Silva and his two men arrive at the tribunal building. The henchmen raise their pistols and shoot the guards manning the security checkpoint without dropping a beat. Simultaneously, Bond emerges from Westminster tube station just as real police and firefighters arrive. He takes off running as fast as he can in the direction of the tribunal building. M finishes her statement by stating her late husband was a great poetry lover, and some of the poems he read have hit a nerve with her. She quotes Tennyson: "We are not now that strength which in old days moved earth and heaven. That which we are, we are. One equal temper of heroic hearts, made weak by time and fate, but strong in will. To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield." Just as M says the last word, the doors at the back of the courtroom fly open and Silva and his men walk in, pistols drawn. Spectators start to stand and scramble, and Mallory leaps over the table, as Silva shoots a bystander sitting at M's table. The police officers guarding the room try to draw their pistols, but are either shot dead by Silva's men or forced to take cover. The board members and bystanders dive for cover, giving Silva a clean shot at M. As he trains his pistol at M, the two stare at each other for several seconds. As Silva prepares to shoot M, Mallory pushes her down. Silva fires, the bullet hitting Mallory in his left shoulder. As Bond gets closer to the tribunal building, Silva and his men exchange fire with officers on the sides of the room. He enters the building, pistol drawn, and kicks open a side door to the courtroom just as an officer positioned by that door is shot dead. Bond raises his pistol and fires several rounds at Silva, who dives behind a bench and fires back. Bond sees the officer's pistol lying on the floor. He kicks it over to Eve, who pops up and fires several suppressive rounds at Silva. Another officer stationed in the doorway opposite Bond immediately breaks cover, but is shot dead by Silva. Silva then resumes firing at Bond. Mallory sees an opportunity, and breaks cover, grabbing the second officer's pistol while under fire from one of Silva's two men. After a quick exchange, Mallory shelters in the archway of the door, and fires. Several more bullets hit the henchman, and he falls dead. Sometime in this exchange, the other henchman is killed. Bond's gaze goes from Mallory to a pair of fire extinguishers. He shoots both of them, creating a smokescreen in an effort to drive Silva out of the way. Bond fires several rounds into the smoke, missing. Silva fires two rounds in reply. He then kills a bystander breaking cover, and walks outside to his getaway car, which drives off just as Bond gets outside. Tanner rushes M out another door to a waiting car. Just as M's door closes, it takes off before Tanner can get in. Bond is driving the car. As they drive away from the scene, Bond calls Q and asks him to make a phony trail for Silva to follow, in efforts to draw him out of hiding. That night, they change cars to prevent them from easily being tracked; Bond switches to his old Aston Martin DB5, with all the defense systems still working. Bond's logic is that any official car used by M and MI6 will be too easily traceable. Q and Tanner get to work creating an unofficial trail for Silva to follow. Mallory, now wearing a sling as a result of the bullet wound from Silva, surprises them while they are working. They are about to provide an excuse for their actions, but he deduces what they are doing and tells them to carry on. Bond and M travel to Scotland to 'Skyfall', the Bond family estate. There they meet shotgun-wielding estate gamekeeper Kincade ( Albert Finney ), who offers his assistance in fighting Silva and his men. With the family's rifle collection sold off months ago, the trio improvise a series of booby-traps around the house in preparation for Silva's expected assault. Kincade tells M a bit of Bond's childhood history: his parents died when he was very young, and James hid in the tunnel leading from the house to the chapel on the moors. Kincade also gives Bond his father's hunting rifle, saying he couldn't bear to see it sold. The first wave of Silva's men approach, and are taken care of by the booby traps, the DB5's machine guns, Bond and Kincade. However, M is hit in the abdomen by a bullet. The second wave and Silva himself approach by helicopter. Bond orders Kincade and M to escape through the tunnel while he holds off the assault. Bond is pinned down by heavy machine gun fire from the helicopter and by Silva throwing grenades into the house. Bond improvises by blowing up two gas canisters with dynamite. The resulting explosion destroys the helicopter, much of the house and kills all but Silva and two of his men. Bond escapes through the same tunnel as Kincade and M. Silva spots Kincade's torch (flashlight) in the distance and sets off in pursuit. Bond takes a shortcut across a frozen pond but is stopped short by Silva and two of his henchmen. Bond knocks out the first henchmen and kills the second by choking him beneath the surface of the ice. He arrives at the chapel to find Silva asking M to shoot both of them and end their misery. Bond throws a knife into his back, killing him, but M succumbs to her bullet wound and dies, leaving Bond distraught. Bond returns to London, where Eve finds him on a rooftop, contemplating the skyline. She hands him a small box and tells him that M's will had been read that morning, and that she had left Bond something. He opens it to find the white china bulldog with the Union Jack nestled in tissue paper, and smiles. Eve tells him that she has declined fieldwork and taken a desk job, revealing that her last name is "Moneypenny." Bond walks through a tufted leather door beyond Eve's desk and into a familiar-looking office; Mallory has been appointed the new M and hands Bond an assignment folder asking Bond if he's ready to go back to work. Bond replies, "With pleasure, Sir." The film closes with a new gun barrel sequence, a 50th anniversary logo, and a title stating "James Bond will return." 
 No Country for Old Men (2007)761) Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande. In rural Texas, welder and hunter Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong. Rather than report the discovery to the police, Moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself. This puts the psychopathic killer, Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ), on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival, bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money. As Moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead, the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as Chigurh closes in. Meanwhile, the laconic Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) 1980, West Texas. While out hunting down by the US-Mexico border, good ol' Texas boy Llewelyn Moss, a welder by day who lives in a trailer park in Sanderson with his wife Carla Jean, comes across what is a drug deal gone wrong. What he finds are all the players left at the scene dead or near death and a satchel filled with $2 million which he takes, despite knowing that someone will be looking for the money and is probably willing to kill for it. As such, he not only tries to protect himself in the process of trying to find out who will be after the money, but also Carla Jean by sending her away. A person hired to retrieve the money is Anton Chigurh, who indeed will kill anyone, including innocent bystanders, necessary to get to his end goal, with a high pressure air pistol his weapon of choice especially as it leaves no bullet as evidence. Chigurh, in deciding who should live or die in his day to day life, also uses his own psychopathic set of principles. Chirgurh quickly learns that Moss has the money and is on the run. Also on both their trails is Terrell County Sheriff Ed Tom Bell and his naive deputy Wendell. Bell, a third generation sheriff, has of late contemplated his professional future solely because of the notion that he and his like have not been able to do anything to control the increasing violence of the region. Bell finds evidence that Moss has the money and that someone, who has left a trail of carnage behind him, is after Moss and the money. As such, Bell tries to find Moss solely to protect him from whoever is after him. One other person added to the mix is Carson Wells, hired by the same person that hired Chigurh also to retrieve the money, as their employer feels that Chigurh has gotten out of control. Wells knows Chigurh well and knows that he will not take too kindly to anyone else brought in on his job. Huggo In the desert of Rio Grande, a drug deal goes wrong and Llewellyn Moss, the welder, finds 2 million dollars in a box. He keeps the money for himself but an unemotional psychopathic killer Chigurh chases him. He kills everyone that comes in front of him to get the welder, using a unique weapon of his own. By this time the elderly sheriff Ed Tom tries to go through and to as deed as possible of the matter. After stumbling across a case of money among dead bodies, Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) thinks he can keep it quiet, but when silent killer Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ) locates Moss and his money, Vietnam veteran Moss makes a run for it. With bodies falling everywhere Anton goes, it's only a matter of time before he catches up with Llewelyn. Whilst all this is going on, Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) is overseeing the investigation and begins to see the country in a different light than it once was. FilmFanUk After he finds $2 million in the desert where a drug deal has apparently gone wrong, working man Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) finds himself on the run. His pursuer is Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ), an unemotional killer with a unique murder weapon at his disposal. Throughout, soon to be retired Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) attempts to convince Moss, mostly through his wife Carla Jean, that he should turn the money over to the authorities or this could all end in tragedy. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a shot of desolate, wide-open country in West Texas in June 1980. In a voice-over, the local sheriff, Sheriff Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ), tells of the changing times: in the old days, some sheriffs never wore guns, as did his late father, who was the sheriff before him; in the modern day and age, however, Bell once sent an unrepentant teenage boy to the electric chair who had killed a girl simply because he wanted to kill someone, had been "fixin'" to do it for some time, and would do it again if he had the chance. Along a desert highway, Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ) is arrested by a deputy ( Zach Hopkins ). They return to the empty police station, where the deputy calls Sheriff Bell. He tells the Sheriff about an odd device in Chigurh's possession (a captive bolt pistol). The deputy thinks it may be an oxygen tank, but it is actually a device used to kill cattle in the slaughter house. The deputy has his back to Chigurh, who sneaks up behind him and just as the deputy hangs up the phone, uses the handcuff chain to garrote the deputy. After cleaning himself up in the station bathroom, Chigurh steals a squad car and once on a desert highway, uses the car's lights and siren to stop a random motorist ( Chip Love ) driving a Ford sedan. He politely asks the man to step out of the car. Chigurh then asks the man to hold still and presses the captive bolt pistol attached to the compressed air tank against the puzzled driver's forehead. He squeezes the trigger and it fires the bolt into the man's skull, killing him. Chigurh drives off in the man's car. Elsewhere in the desert, Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) is hunting pronghorns. Setting the sights of his hunting rifle on one, he fires, scattering the animals. Walking to where the herd stood, he notices a trail of blood. Realizing the pronghorn left in a different direction from the blood trail, he spies a wounded pit bull hobbling away. Retracing the dog's trail, Moss eventually comes upon several pickup trucks parked in the middle of the wilderness. Mexican criminals and pit bulls lie dead on the ground; only a mortally wounded driver remains alive. The driver begs Moss for agua, but Moss says that he has no water. Moss asks the man where the "last man standing" - the winner - is, but doesn't get an answer. He carefully takes the man's submachine gun off the seat and a magazine from his shirt pocket. Under a tarp in the bed of one pickup, Moss sees what appears to be a great deal of heroin. Moss tracks the only criminal to have escaped the shootout to a tree where he finds the man has died. He finds a large catalog case filled with two million dollars and a .45 caliber pistol. He takes the money and gun. He returns home where he hides the submachine gun under his mobile home. His wife Carla Jean ( Kelly Macdonald ) is irritated that he has been gone all day and he refuses to tell her where he found the pistol and catalog case. She asks him what's in the case but doesn't believe him when he off-handedly tells her it's full of money. That night, Moss guiltily wakes up, deciding that he should take water to the wounded driver. He arrives around dawn and parks a short distance away on a rise. He carries a gallon of water to the scene of the shootout, but discovers that the wounded man has been killed by a shotgun round to his head. Looking back to where he'd parked his pickup truck atop the rise, Moss dimly sees in the predawn light another truck now parked alongside his. Two men get out and appear to slash his truck's tires. He tries to hide behind under one of the trucks, but is fired upon by the men who are now approaching in their truck, using bright searchlights. More gunmen appear, disable his truck and fire on him, hitting him in the shoulder. Moss flees with the pickup pursuing him, but is hit in the shoulder by a shotgun round just as he reaches a river embankment. As Moss tumbles towards the river with dawn breaking, the two men, apparently Mexicans, send a pit bull after him. Evading continued gunfire, Moss dives into the river and swims downstream, eventually crossing to the other side with the pit bull gaining on him. On the opposite bank, Moss frantically ejects an empty shell from the .45, reloads the gun, and kills the dog at the moment it leaps at him. He bandages his wounds, realizing he is facing dangerous individuals. He returns home and sends Carla Jean to stay with her mother in Odessa while he travels separately with the money. After filling up at a gas station in the dead man's Ford, Chigurh goes to pay for some candy from the gas proprietor ( Gene Jones ). The proprietor tries to make polite conversation out of simple friendliness, but Chigurh is upset at the inane small talk, and the owner finds himself in a strange, tense confrontation. The man is genuinely perplexed by his customer's anxiety, and tries to defuse the argument by saying he needs to close the station, which only further irritates Chigurh due to it being still midday. Chigurh requires him to call the flip of coin to decide whether the man is to win everything, apparently whether the man will live or die. The clerk guesses heads and Chigurh gives the man the coin. He tells him not to mix it with any other coins. Later that night, two well-dressed men take Chigurh to the site of the failed drug deal. He removes the VIN tag from Moss's truck door and examines the corpses. The well-dressed men give him a tracking device on which they said they're getting "not a bleep." that he can use to find the catalog case of money, which has a transponder hidden in it, although it has not received any signals. Chigurh picks up a pistol laying next to one dead men and kills both of them. The following morning, Sheriff Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) and Deputy Wendell ( Garret Dillahunt ) respond to a report of a burning car, and recognize the Ford belonging to the dead motorist. They follow tire tracks to the shoot out site, where Sheriff Bell recognizes Moss's truck. He and Wendell carefully look over the scene and then decide to call in federal authorities. The heroin is gone from the back of the pickup. Chigurh appears at Moss and Carla Jean's trailer and uses the captive bolt pistol to break the lock. The trailer is empty but hurriedly vacated, but he finds in the unopened mail a phone bill that reveals the couple has made a lot of calls to Odessa, TX. He tries to intimidate the trailer park manager ( Kathy Lamkin ) into revealing where Moss works and seems to contemplate killing her, but when he hears noise in the adjacent room, leaves. Moss puts his wife on a bus and reassures her that he will call her in a couple of days. He takes a cab from the bus station to a motel, where he rents a room and hides the money case deep in the HVAC duct using the clothes bar from a closet. Moss leaves the hotel and buys boots and socks. Moss takes a cab back to his motel but a truck parked near his room makes him suspicious and he directs the driver to take him to another motel. Chigurh meanwhile calls numbers on the phone bill to try to figure out where Moss is headed. He then begins driving, trying to anticipate where Moss is headed. The next morning Moss purchases a tent for its poles, duct tape, wire cutters, and a 12 gauge shotgun and ammo at a local sporting goods store. He returns to the second hotel room, where he saws off the shotgun barrel and stock. He returns to his first hotel and rents a second room immediately behind his first room. It shares the HVAC duct with his first room. In the second room, he uses the tent poles, duct tape, and coat hangers to fashion a hook that he uses to retrieve the catalog case full of money from the HVAC duct. Chigurh is driving past the motel when the tracking device goes off. He finds the motel, and by the frequency of its beeping he deduces which room the signal is coming from, Moss's first room. Chigurh rents a room and takes off his boots so he can quietly walk up to the room where the signal is coming from. He uses his captive bolt pistol to break into the room. Chigurh finds three Mexicans in the room and kills them with a suppressed shotgun. The Mexicans' gunfire alerts Moss in the opposite room. Chigurh searches the room for the case, finally noticing the HVAC duct. He opens it to see the tracks where the case was dragged. Moss escapes into the dark with the money and hitchhikes out of the area. The driver ( Mathew Greer ) who picks him up tells him he shouldn't be hitch-hiking because it's dangerous. The next day, in a high-rise office building in Dallas, a bounty hunter named Carson Wells ( Woody Harrelson ) arrives in a businessman's ( Stephen Root ) large office. The businessman is upset about the many killings perpetrated by Chigurh. He wants Wells to contain the situation. Wells tells the businessman that he has had past dealings with Chigurh and would know him by sight. Wells also compares Chigurh to the bubonic plague and calls him a psychopathic killer. The businessman hires Wells to control the "situation" with Chigurh and to retrieve the money. In a border town, Moss rents a room in an older, rundown multistory hotel. Unable to sleep, he is apparently trying to figure out how Chigurh tracked him down to the previous motel. He searches the case and finds the transponder that Chigurh has been using to find him. He hears suspicious noises and calls the clerk who had checked him in at the front desk. The clerk ( Marc Miles ) had told Moss he'd be on until the next morning at 10 a.m., but he doesn't answer. He sees the shadow of feet under his door, but then the hall lights go dark. Chigurh shoots out the lock with the captive bolt pistol, hitting Moss, who fires his shotgun into the door. Moss then drops the case out the second story window and follows it. Chigurh shoots at him from the window but misses. Moss is wounded in the side by the door lock. Moss stops a pick-up truck driver ( Luce Rains ) and tells him to drive him out of there, but Chigurh kills the driver. Moss ducks down and drives the truck around a corner, crashing into a vehicle. He hides behind a nearby car, watching in a store window for whoever is following him. He shoots and wounds Chigurh. Wounded himself, Moss drives the pick-up to the nearby Rio Grande where he buys a jacket from some passing youths on the border bridge, and he also tosses the money case into some brush along the bank. He covers his bloody shirt with the jacket and, posing as a "drunk Mexican" waves the bottle of beer drunkenly at the half-sleeping Mexican border guard as he stumbles past to cross over into Mexico; the sleepy guard is unconcerned with his identity. In the morning he is awakened by members of a Norteo Band who he pays to take him to a hospital. Sheriff Bell continues to be disturbed by what he saw in the desert and the apparently deteriorating state of morals in the world. He goes to visit Carla Jean in Odessa and asks her to put him in touch with her husband. Almost absentmindedly, he tells her how a local farmer was nearly killed by an animal he was trying to slaughter, and how slaughterhouses now used compressed air guns to kill cattle immediately. In the border town, Chigurh, wounded in the thigh by a buckshot round, sets a car on fire as a diversion and nonchalantly steals medical supplies. In a motel room, he cuts off his pants and treats his wound. Carson visits Moss in the Mexican hospital and suggests that he just hand over the money so Carson can protect him. Moss refuses and Carson tells him in which hotel he is staying. On the way back across the border, Carson sees the catalog case from the bridge. Back at his hotel, the same one at which Moss was staying, Carson is confronted by Chigurh. Carson tries to strike a deal with Chigurh for his life but when the phone rings, Chigurh kills him. Moss is on the phone, and Chigurh tells him that if he brings him the money, he won't kill his wife, though he can't do the same for Moss. Chigurh lets Moss know that he knows exactly where he is and, instead of coming to kill him in the hospital, he is going to go to Carla Jean's mother's house. Moss tells Chigurh he will kill him then hangs up. Moss leaves the hospital and retrieves the case. He calls Carla Jean at her mother's in Odessa and tells her to fly to El Paso to meet him. Chigurh meanwhile goes to Dallas where he kills the businessman for hiring not only Carson but the Mexicans as well. His truck breaks down and a chicken farmer ( Chris Warner ) with a flatbed full of chicken cages stops to help. Chigurh asks where the nearest airport is. The farmer names El Paso, and Chigurh asks him if the chicken cages can be removed from the truck. Sometime later he is washing the chicken feathers off the back of the truck at a car wash. The Mexicans who have been watching Carla Jean in Odessa follow her and her mother ( Beth Grant ) to the airport. One of the Mexicans helps her mother with her luggage and she tells him she and Carla Jean are going to El Paso. The Mexican asks her what hotel she and her mother are staying at, so as to figure out Moss's location, and she tells him. In the airport, Carla Jean calls Sheriff Bell and tells him where Moss is staying in El Paso. At the hotel, a woman ( Ana Reeder ) sun-bathing by the pool flirts with Moss. She invites him to her room for beer, but he says that he's married and that he knows what beer leads to, and declines her offer. Sheriff Bell is driving up to Moss's motel when he hears automatic gunfire and sees a pickup truck speeding off. At the motel, Sheriff Bell sees a large number of empty shell casings on the ground by the pool, where a woman is floating dead. He then sees Llewelyn Moss dead in the open doorway of his room. The money case is missing. All Sheriff Bell can do is comfort Carla Jean when she arrives. Later that night, Sheriff Bell and the local sheriff ( Rodger Boyce ) have coffee and bemoan the declining morals of American society. Afterward, Sheriff Bell returns to the motel and nearly misses being killed by Chigurh who had been searching the room for the money case. Sheriff Bell visits his uncle, Ellis ( Barry Corbin ) to tell him he's retiring because he is too disturbed by the violence he's seen. Ellis tells him he's being vain and relates the story about how Sheriff Bell's grandfather had died: shot by 8 outlaws, he bled to death in his wife's arms on his front porch as they watched. Meanwhile, Chigurh visits Carla Jean, who has just buried her mother. She understands why he's there but still finds it meaningless. Chigurh flips a coin but Carla Jean refuses to play his game. Carla Jean dismisses Chigurh's game, saying that he's the one who decides on whether or not to kill her, not the coin. He is unmoved, however, insisting on his lack of a free choice in the matter. During this exchange, we see two boys ride past the house on bicycles. Chigurh leaves the house and stops to check his boots, apparently for blood. Driving off, he is looking at the same two boys in the rear view mirror when he's struck broadside by a car speeding through the intersection. Chigurh gets out of his car, his arm bone protruding out of his elbow. The two neighborhood boys come up to him to see if he's all right. Chigurh pays one of the kids for his shirt, which he uses to make a sling for his arm, and he asks them to tell the authorities that he had already left. Chigurh limps away down the street. At Sheriff Bell's house, the sheriff ponders what to do for the day at breakfast with his wife, Loretta ( Tess Harper ); he is restless in retirement, but she rebuffs his offer to help out around the house, as he will just throw off her established routine. He recounts a dream he had about his sheriff father. Bell dreamed that he and his father were riding a mountain pass in the night. His father, carrying a horn with embers inside that glowed like moonlight, rode ahead into the darkness and disappeared. Though he couldn't see anything in the dark night, Bell dreamed that he kept riding forward since his father would have a warm fire waiting for him. 
 The Sea Inside (I) (2004)Summaries The factual story of Spaniard Ramon Sampedro, who fought a 28 year campaign in favour of euthanasia and his own right to die. Life story of Spaniard Ramn Sampedro, who fought a 30-year campaign to win the right to end his life with dignity. Film explores Ramn's relationships with two women: Julia, a lawyer who supports his cause, and Rosa, a local woman who wants to convince him that life is worth living. Through the gift of his love, these two women are inspired to accomplish things they never previously thought possible. Despite his wish to die, Ramn taught everyone he encountered the meaning, value and preciousness of life. Though he could not move himself, he had an uncanny ability to move others. Sujit R. Varma In Spain, the former sailor Ramn Sampedro has been quadriplegic for twenty-eight years and is fighting in court for his right of practicing euthanasia through an association that defends the freedom of choice, lead by his friend Gen. Ramn is introduced to the lawyer that is defending his cause, Julia, who has a degenerative fatal disease; and meets Rosa, a lonely worker that has been abused by men. Their relationship changes the behavior and viewpoint of life of Rosa and Julia. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Biutiful (2010)321) A man dying of cancer tries his best to leave the world on his own terms. Uxbal, single father of two children, finds his life in chaos as he is forced to deal with his life in order to escape the heat of crime in underground Barcelona, to break with the love for the divorced, manic depressive, abusive mother of his children and to regain spiritual insight in his life as he is diagnosed with terminal cancer. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Warning some spoilers!!! Uxbal (Javier Bardem) is in the snowy woods and meets ups with a younger man (whom we later figure out is his father who died young in exile in Mexico from rebelling against Franco). They share a cigarette and talk about random things- sounds of the sea. Uxbal and his daughter Ana (Hanaa Bouchaib) are having a sweet, intimate moment in bed, which she has gotten into after telling her father in the bathroom (where he has just gotten through urinating blood) that she knows he is dying, and they are looking at each others hands. She admires his ring, and he his daughter mi amor his ring, which he had gotten from his own mother. This scene is a replay (but from a different angle) of the opening scene. Inspired by the movie To Live, Uxbal discovers that he has prostate cancer (there are a couple of scenes of his painful difficulty urinating blood). He needs to figure out what to do with his children. He works as a versatile middleman, obtaining cheap knockoffs from a Chinese sweatshop owned by Hai (Taisheng Cheng) and selling them to Senegalese street sellers, the main one being Ekweme (Cheikh Ndiaye), all the while bribing police (not too successfully) to stay away. His partying brother, Tito (Eduard Fernndez), who is sleeping with Uxbals estranged wife, is his partner in working with the sweatshop. Tito has a new plan to lend out the Chinese immigrants as construction workers. The conditions of the hard-working immigrants is squalid, the Chinese immigrants living in a large basement room on the floor- the owner locking the door every night. One- Lilly, has a baby and watched Uxbals children for him. Ekweme has a wife, Ege (Diaryatou Daff), with a small child. She wants to return to Senegal, but he wants to stay. The police warn Uxbal, and Uxbal warns the Senegalese street sellers, to avoid certain areas, but the sellers continue to sell there. Much of the story is devoted to his precarious balancing act, trying to keep his several operations afloat. Meanwhile, Uxbal has a small, worn apartment, where he is raising two young children, Ana (who looks about 11), and Mateo (who looks about 8) (played by Guillermo Estrella). Though he, at times, can be moody, he is a loving father and cares deeply about his children. Their mother is bipolar and a drug addict, Marambra (Maricel lvarez). She visits the children, and Uxbal is at first wary, but in the end,they reconnect after Marambra shows that she is sober and wants to have her family together again. The children and father move into Marambas apartment. Uxbal also has the gift off being able to communicate with a dead bodys soul (if they havent moved on yet). He offers his services to a grieving couple whose small boy has died. Though the mother is angry, the father is desperate. Uxbal is able to find out that the boy feels guilty about stealing his fathers watch. Throughout the movie, we see startling phantoms of dead souls in the background, often clinging to the ceiling. He also must, with his brother, cremate his fathers remains. The cemetery that had housed his father is being developed. We realize that his father was even younger than Uxbal, and is the mysterious young man in the beginning the of the movie in the snowy scene. Everything unravels: since it is cold in the basement, Uxbal buys gas heaters for the Chinese immigrants. Without air, all die from asphyxiation. The sweatshop owners lover, freaks out and dumps them in the ocean, the dead bodies float in with the waves. The police raid the Senegalese sellers, and Ekweme is arrested. Uxbal lets Ege stay in his apartment. Marambas mood swings reappear when she leaves Mateo home alone for the whole weekend, refusing to take him on a weekend vacation with her and Ana. Uxbal realizes that he cannot trust Maramba, and moves back into his old apartment. Ege helps Uxbal out, walking his children to school, and making food for them. Uxbals medical condition worsens, and Ege helps him as he grows weaker. His daughter also figures out that he is very sick. Bedridden and with no one else to turn to, he gives Ege all his money and asks her to take care of his children, she is reluctant to agree, but does in the end. Without him knowing, Ege goes to the train station with everything, planning to return to Senegal. Before Uxbal knows she is gone, she is back. Assumedly, she has decided to fulfill her promise to Uxbal. The movie ends, repeating the scenes from the beginning. 