nm0001152:

 Stir of Echoes (1999)541) After being hypnotized by his sister-in-law, a man begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around him. A man is hypnotized at a party by his sister-in law. He soon has visions and dreams of a ghost of a girl. Trying to avoid this, nearly pushes him to brink of insanity as the ghost wants something from him - to find out how she died. The only way he can get his life back is finding out the truth behind her death. The more he digs, the more he lets her in, the shocking truth behind her death puts his whole family in danger. Tom's a regular guy, a utilities lineman, married, with a young son, his wife is pregnant; he hangs out with long-time pals in a Chicago neighborhood. At a party, his sister-in-law hypnotizes him, and he goes into a deep trance. Before waking him, she suggests that he keep his mind open. That night he sees flashes of violence and the ghost of a young woman. His young son, too, is "a receiver," but while the boy is calm and coherent in his conversations with spirits, Tom is confused and agitated. Over time, the young woman's story comes to the surface, and Tom begins a hunt for her body that puts him and his usually understanding wife, Maggie, in grave danger. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Tom Witzky is a lineman for a utility company. He's a typical working-class guy who lives in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie and his son Jake. Tom likes to hang out with his friends, who include Frank McCarthy and Harry Damon. One night at a party, Tom ends up in a discussion with Maggie's sister Lisa, who believes in psychic communication and the power of hypnosis. Tom challenges Lisa to hypnotize him, and she plants in him a post-hypnotic suggestion to be more open-minded...with results that were never, ever expected. That night, he sees images of violence and the ghost of Samantha Kozac, a young woman who disappeared from the neighborhood some time ago, and is now believed to be dead. Jake also sees Samantha's ghost, but while Jake is calm about it, Tom always seems angry that the images won't stop coming. Jake's baby-sitter Debbie Kozac is Samantha's sister, who is still distraught because of Samantha's disappearance. When Debbie discovers that Jake has been talking to Samantha's ghost, Debbie becomes frantic, and she thinks Jake may know where Samantha is. Determined to figure out what's going on, Tom begins a hunt for Samantha's body, and it's a hunt that threatens to kill Tom, Maggie, and Jake, because there is someone who does not want Samantha's body to be found. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tom Witzky (Kevin Bacon) is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie (Kathryn Erbe) and his son Jake (Zachary David Cope), who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie's sister Lisa (Illeana Douglas), a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to "be more open-minded." Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac (Jennifer Morrison), a 17 year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior. While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac (Liza Weil), as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the 'L' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability: having the mental capacity of an 8 year-old and thus, a child's tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie, but admits to Maggie that she's the girl in his visions. Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon (Conor O'Farrell), Tom's friend, Frank McCarthy (Kevin Dunn) and their respective sons Kurt Damon (Steve Rifkin) and Adam McCarthy (Chalon Williams), who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a funeral where Chicago policemen are saluting in a ceremony; here a policeman named Neil (Eddie Bo Smith Jr.) immediately recognizes Jake's unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about what is happening to his son. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will continue to get upset if it doesn't get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa demanding she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him he's told by the spirit to dig. Tom complies and begins digging holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha. While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother's wake at a relative's house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha's decomposed remains wrapped in a plastic sheet. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime and Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone. As Tom leaves the basement, he hears a single shot and assumes that Frank committed suicide. Harry and Kurt suddenly show up and Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him to silence him, but Maggie arrives back home and Harry takes her hostage. Frank suddenly emerges from the basement and fatally shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie. Tom then notices Samantha's spirit putting on her glasses and coat, smiling as she walks down the road and disappears. Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha's mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away but Jake, however, tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound of the overlapping voices in his head. 
 The New Guy (2002)Summaries A high school senior branded uncool in the ninth grade gets himself expelled so he changes his image to cool kid at the town's other high school. Dizzy Harrison is an unpopular, high school geek going through a hellish senior year. In an attempt to make a new identity for himself, Dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school, learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate, and enrolls at a new high school under the alias Gil Harris, to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike. Dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader, Danielle, and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games. But things unknowingly begin to turn sour when Danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into "Gil Harris." past to uncover any beef on him to ruin his entire life and turn it upside down. Matthew Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ghost World (2001)651) With only the plan of moving in together after high school, two unusually devious friends seek direction in life. As a mere gag, they respond to a man's newspaper ad for a date, only to find it will greatly complicate their lives. Enid and Rebecca after they finish the high school. Both have problems relating to people and they spend their time hanging around and bothering creeps. When they meet Seymour who is a social outsider who loves to collect old 78 records, Enid's life will change forever. eric from Mexico City Best friends Enid and Rebecca have just graduated from high school, although Enid has to take a summer school art class, which she failed during the regular school year, to graduate officially. Their plan since seventh grade has been not to go to college, but rather move in together after graduating, which now entails them getting jobs to pay for that independence. As Enid is constantly drawing things which she witnesses in her day-to-day life in her notebook for her own pleasure, that art class failing grade is only one demonstration of the contempt both Enid and Rebecca have for anything that is mainstream, which includes the structure of school and most of their classmates. Their "people", as Enid confirms, are the freaks, sickos and weirdos of society. Just for fun, they decide to respond to an "I Saw You" personal ad to see what loser placed the ad, who, he believes in attending the date, would be stood up by the woman for who he is looking. He is forty-something Seymour, who would admit that he beats to his own drummer and too cannot tolerate being with people who he just doesn't understand. Although Enid does not admit to Seymour that she and Rebecca were the ones that answered the ad, Enid becomes his friend based on their shared sensibilities. As Enid and Rebecca move on to the post-graduation phase of their lives, Enid slowly begins to alienate all around her, including Rebecca and possibly Seymour as she subversively begins to direct things in his life to thwart anything that is remotely mainstream. Enid believes that life as she knows it will be all right as long as she has one touchstone which to return, that touchstone which may not be as permanent as she believes. Huggo Enid and Rebecca are best friends having difficulties with the social attitudes of other people. After graduating high school, they decide to get jobs and rent a house of their own. However, Enid needs to attend Arts summer school to graduate but her anti-social behavior makes her lose her job. Meanwhile, Enid and Rebecca play a prank on Seymour, a middle-aged collector of rare 78 records who also has difficulties with relationships. Seymour and Enid eventually become friends. As time goes by, Enid reaches maturity and develops a different view of life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in the summer after graduation, Enid and Rebecca are both outsiders in a world slowly being engulfed by fake 50's diners and Starbucks. Enid must attend an art class to officially graduate high school as Rebecca gets a job. When the two play a mean joke on a much older, geeky record collector, Enid finds a fellow soul and begins to discover the complexities of becoming an adult in the modern world. Ed Williams Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a tale of 'angst' based in 'hicks'ville America with many resident colourful and amusing characters. In essence, a girl-meets-boy story, or rather disillusioned and cynical girl meets socially inept man - a sort of coming of age tale - where the main protagonist - Enid - finds actions have consequences! A refreshingly, (for once) non-lefty story of a teenager's voyage into adulthood and the inevitable emotional/relationship mishaps that occur on the way. A dark story indeed, but nonetheless very much on the nail!!! 
 To Die For (1995)44) A beautiful but nave aspiring television personality films a documentary on teenagers with a darker ulterior motive. Suzanne Stone (Kidman) knows exactly what she wants. She wants to be a television newscaster and she is willing to do anything to get what she wants. What she lacks in intelligence, she makes up for in cold determination and diabolical wiles. As she pursues her goal with relentless focus, she is forced to destroy anything and anyone that may stand in her way, regardless of the ultimate cost or means necessary. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> In the coastal town of Little Hope, New Hampshire following the murder of Larry Maretto, family, friends and acquaintances of Larry and his wife, Suzanne Maretto (who goes professionally by her maiden name Suzanne Stone), are interviewed by the media about the Marettos and their marriage. Despite both Larry and Suzanne being attractive, the reason for their want to be husband and wife were not obvious to anyone else that knew them. Slightly dim and superficial but driven WASP Suzanne sees herself as the next Jane Pauley , being famous generally her goal in life. Blue collar and ethnic Italian Larry, who worked in the family restaurant, wanted Suzanne first and foremost to be a wife and mother, although he did support whatever she did to further her career. These interviews are in large part done because of the official and unofficial belief that Suzanne may have orchestrated Larry's murder. Larry's sister, figure skater Janice Maretto, does know deep in her heart that Suzanne is involved. Another person interviewed is Ed Grant, Suzanne's boss at a small second rate cable station. Although Ed only hired her to be a Girl Friday, a job he initially envisioned being filled by an unskilled teenager, she beat him down so much with her proposals to make herself an on-air personality that he eventually gave her a job as the station's on-air weather girl, which she morphed unilaterally into making her own documentaries. Others interviewed are Jimmy Emmett and Lydia Mertz, two of the subjects in Suzanne's documentary on teenagers. Jimmy and Lydia were delinquent and unfocused before meeting Suzanne, into whose life of fame and romance they easily got sucked. The primary question is if Larry's murderer(s) will be caught and if justice, especially in the eyes of those who truly care about Larry, most specifically his family, will be served. Huggo In Little Hope, New Hampshire, the beautiful and hot Suzanne Stone wants to be famous and is an aspiring TV personality. She marries Larry Maretto, whose father owns a restaurant, and convinces him to use this savings for the university buying a Mustang for her and a condo. Then she accepts to work for the local station receiving minimum wage to develop her own projects, including one with youths in a public school. She meets the punks Jimmy Emmett, Russel Hines and Lydia Mertz and records hours of tapes interviewing them. When Larry invites her to work at the restaurant in a talent show that he wants to implement, Suzanne sees a threat to her planned career and decides to get rid of her husband. She seduces Jimmy and convinces him that she is in love with him. Then she tells that Larry is a brutal man and Jimmy decides to kill him. What will happen to Larry? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 