nm0003970:

 Sexual Chemistry (1999)Summaries At Biotec the scientists are trying to develop a sexually stimulating drug for both men and women. Robert tries his on himself and it turns him on and off into a sexy woman and back to himself making things complicated. A chemist seeking to perfect his new sex-enhancing drug gets surprising results when he becomes his own test subject in this gender-bending sex comedy from producer/director Mike Sedan. As if being transformed into a female wasn't enough of a problem for a scientist on a deadline, formula creator Robert's gender troubles are compounded when his fiance gets jealous, his best friend Max starts hitting on him, and his mother stops by for a surprise visit. As Robert continues to alternate between sexual identities at the most inopportune times, his sexual appetite grows, and the coming deadline for perfecting the experimental brings his entire professional career into question. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Insatiable Wives (2000)Summaries Donna is unfulfilled. In an unsatisfying marriage, she finds herself fantasizing about her sultry friends' lovers. But for her, fantasy and forbidden desires are about to be reawakened. Each morning, she will find herself in the arms of a new lover, while her sexy friends seduce her husband, Tom in more ways than one. The art of seduction is animalistic. In a world obsessed with attraction and pleasure, she will experience her deepest desires and soon discover what you desire most, you cannot resist. Echo Brdige Home Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veronica 2030 (1999)Summaries The year is 2030 and two scientists, Felix and Maxine, are about to release their latest creation, Veronica a fully functional pleasure android, out onto the market. Unfortunately, untimely interference from a colleague causes Veronica to be sent back to the year 1998. There she meets Harry Horner and becomes a lingerie model to help his ailing catalogue fetish business. Soon Camilla, Harry's competitor, learns of Veronica and steals her away to make Veronica work for her. Eventually, the two scientists locate Veronica and travel back to 1998 in a bid to rescue her. Harry and the scientists combine forces and rescue Veronica from Camilla's clutches. Veronica makes Harry's business a success and he is able to sell it to an interested buyer. Veronica and Harry have fallen in love and she decides to stay in 1998 along with the two scientists! Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Like to Play Games Too (1999)Summaries A female advertising agent comes up against a man she can't sexually manipulate. Suzanne, the head of a private advertising firm, becomes obsessed with Dominick, a would-be client that she can't overcome with her considerable sexual charms. The two engage in a series of one-upmanship games to see who will be the sexual victor. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> Suzanne Branwin is always the seductress, never the seduced. The gorgeous owner of a respected advertising agency, Suzanne gets her kicks from playing sexual games with men. But this time she may have met her match. Dominick D'Aura owns a chain of upscale, private gentlemen's clubs, and his account would mean big money for Suzanne's firm. But she's about to find out, he's a masterful player himself, and he's looking to push the limits to dangerous new heights. When their games lead to extortion, blackmail, and possibly murder, Suzanne knows she's in over her head. In this twisted test of cunning and will, winning may not be enough. Survival is the name of the game. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 