nm0004529:

 Ringer (20112012)Summaries Six-months-sober Bridget is key witness to a murder but flees, visiting her identical twin, who "suicides". Bridget takes over her rich, glamorous, married life in New York City. Out of the ashes and into the fire? Bridget is six months sober and getting her life back on track when she becomes the sole witness to a professional hit. She flees to New York City where she reunites with her estranged twin Siobhan. Wealthy, pampered, and happily married, Siobhan lives a fairy-tale life. Just as the identical twins are mending their frayed relationship, Siobhan disappears overboard during their boat trip, and Bridget decides to take on Siobhan's identity. She discovers shocking secrets, and not just about her sister and her marriage, and realizes she's no safer as Siobhan than as herself. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Salem (20142017)Summaries Supernatural horror loosely based on Salem's 17th century witch trials. Explores what really fueled the town's infamous witch trials and uncovering the dark, supernatural truth hiding behind this infamous period in American history. WGN It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Manifest (2018 )Summaries A commercial airliner suddenly reappears after being missing for five years. As those aboard reintegrate into society, they experience guiding voices and visions of events yet to occur, and soon a deeper mystery unfolds. When Montego Air Flight 828 landed safely after a turbulent but routine flight, the crew and passengers were relieved. But in the span of those few hours, the world had aged five years - and their friends, families and colleagues, after mourning their loss, had given up hope and moved on. Now, faced with the impossible, they're all given a second chance. But as their new realities become clear, a deeper mystery unfolds and some of the returned passengers soon realize they may be meant for something greater than they ever thought possible. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Orange Is the New Black (20132019)Summaries Convicted of a decade old crime of transporting drug money to an ex-girlfriend, normally law-abiding Piper Chapman is sentenced to a year and a half behind bars to face the reality of how life-changing prison can really be. Piper Chapman is a public relations executive with a career and a fiance when her past suddenly catches up to her. In her mid-30s she is sentenced to spend time in a minimum-security women's prison in New York for her association with a drug runner 10 years earlier. This Netflix original series is based on the book of the same title. Forced to trade power suits for prison orange, Chapman makes her way through the corrections system and adjusts to life behind bars, making friends with the many eccentric, unusual and unexpected people she meets. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 