nm0008275:

 Night Heat (19851989)Summaries The exploits of the detectives of the Mid South Precinct, in a generic North American city not unlike New York (but a lot like Toronto), chronicled through the eyes of newspaper columnist Tom Kirkwood and his "Night Heat" column. Jason R. DeCesare <miles@quuxuum.org> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Due South (19941999)44) The adventures of an impossibly upright Royal Canadian Mounted Police constable and his American colleagues in the city of Chicago. The third and fourth seasons of "Due South" pick up shortly after the first two left off. Fraser returns to Chicago, to find a blond has assumed Ray Vecchio's identity, and everyone just seems to accept it but him. Fraser and his new partner (real name Stanley Raymond Kowalski) soon find level ground to agree on, and work together to solve crimes on the mean streets of Chicago. Kaolin This is the story of a Canadian mountie who went to Chicago to find his father's killer. Eventually the trail led back to another mountie. He was then treated as persona non grata by his other mounties, and the only place he could get posted was Chicago. Unfortunately, he is more of an outdoors kind of guy, which infuriates the Chicago detective with whom he works. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> Due South is the story of Constable Benton Fraser of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (portrayed by Paul Gross), who came to Chicago on the trail of the people who murdered his father. For reasons that don't need to be explored at this juncture, he stayed, as liaison to the Canadian Consulate. Partnered with Ray Vecchio (played by David Marciano for the first two seasons), he went around Chicago being polite and solving crimes by tasting things. At the beginning of the third season, however, Fraser took a vacation in Canada, and came back to find that someone was impersonating his partner. In fact, Stanley Raymond Kowalski (played by Callum Keith Rennie) was taking Ray Vecchio's place while Ray was undercover, as was learned later that episode. The series ended in 1998. Alicia Nesbitt <big_green_monkey@e247.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Touch of Pink (2004)44) A gay Canadian living in London has his perfectly crafted life upset when his devoutly Muslim mother comes to visit. Alim is an Indo-Canadian man currently living in London, England, the move in order to get away from what he feels is his repressive life in Toronto under the watchful and critical eye of his widowed mother, Nuru. For Nuru and her equally competitive sister Dolly, the perfect public Muslim persona is the most important thing in life. Back in London, Alim is free to live openly as a homosexual, of which his mother is not aware. He is in a loving relationship with his live-in British boyfriend, Giles. To navigate through his complicated life, Alim uses the spirit of 'Cary Grant' as his confidante and advisor. Feeling like her life is missing a daughter-in-law as Dolly prepares for her son's "perfect" wedding, Nuru decides to reconnect with Alim in London. Not yet ready to tell his mother of either Giles or his homosexual orientation, Alim, with Giles' support, hides any aspect of this fact for Nuru's visit. But as Giles is tested one turn after another during Nuru's visit, both Alim and Nuru begin to understand what is truly important in their lives leading to true happiness. Huggo Alim is an Ismaili Canadian who lives in London, thousands of miles from his family, for one very good reason--he has a boyfriend. His ideal gay life begins to unravel when his mother shows up to find him a proper Muslim girlfriend and convince him to return to Canada for his cousin's extravagant wedding. Sujit R. Varma Nuru was born and raised in Africa. She was fond of watching Doris Day and Cary Grant classic movies, and wanted to be like her. After the death of her husband, Nuru leaves her young son Alim in Africa with her sister and immigrates to Britain, hoping to leave behind her grief and start a new life. Alim is four when she leaves him. Nuru returns after being rejected by the England, and suffering racism. Nuru and her sister Dolly immigrate to Canada with their families and Alim grows up in Toronto. Fast-forward to the present. Nuru is going to attend her nephew Khaled's wedding but feels that she is missing part of herself because of her separation from Alim. She longs for him to marry a nice Ishmali Muslim girl and raise a family in Toronto. She goes to London to convince Alim to come home. What she does not know is that Alim is living with someone in - but that someone is not Muslim, nor a female - but a male Caucasian. Watch as events unravel this mystery for Nuru when she finally gets to meet her son's life-mate. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Soldier's Girl (2003)Summaries The true story of the price a young soldier paid for falling in love with a transsexual night-club performer. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 