nm0006517:

 Choke (2008)541) A sex-addicted con-man pays for his mother's hospital bills by playing on the sympathies of those who rescue him from choking to death. Sex addict and colonial theme park worker, Victor Mancini, has devised a complicated scam to pay for his mom's hospital bills while she suffers from an Alzheimer's disease that hides the truth about his childhood. He pretends to choke on food in a restaurant and the person who "saves" him will feel responsible for Victor for the rest of their lives. Anonymous Victor Mancini, a sex-addicted med-school dropout, who keeps his increasingly deranged mother, Ida, in an expensive private medical hospital by working days as a historical re-enactor at a Colonial Williamsburg theme park. At night, Victor runs a scam by deliberately choking in upscale restaurants to form parasitic relationships with the wealthy patrons who "save" him. When, in a rare lucid movement, Ida reveals that she has withheld the shocking truth of his father's identity, Victor enlists the aid of his best friend, Denny and his mother's beautiful attending physician, Dr. Paige Marshall, to solve the mystery before the truth of his possibly divine parentage is lost forever. TFD With his mother, Ida, suffering from dementia, Victor Mancini, a sex-addicted medical-school dropout and serial scam artist, is with his back to the wall. Working as a historical reenactor at a colonial theme park, Victor deliberately chokes on food in fancy restaurants to evoke sympathy from whoever gives him the Heimlich manoeuvre and then give him money to cover his mother's care-home bills. Then, Ida drops a bombshell, and all of a sudden, Victor feels compelled to find out who his father is. To further complicate matters, friendly consultant, Dr Paige Marshall, claims that she has found a way to save delusional Ida, provided that Victor continues to do what he does best. However, is he up to the task? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Victor Mancini (Rockwell) is a sex addict who works as a reenactor of life in Colonial America. He works with his best friend, Denny (Brad William Henke), who is also a reformed sex addict. To support his hospitalized mother (Huston), Victor cons others by intentionally choking at restaurants to get money from his rescuers. When he visits his mother one day he meets Paige Marshall (Kelly Macdonald) taking care of her. She tells Victor that his mother's condition is worsening and that they could try an experimental stem cell technique but for it to work it would require harvesting cells from the umbilical cord of a new born baby with Victor's genes. She convinces Victor to have sex with her so she can have his child and save his mother. Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information from his mother but she never recognises him when he visits and so he asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions. Denny agrees and reveals that Victor's mother kept a diary. Victor finds it, but it is in Italian. Paige tells Victor she can read Italian and agrees to translate the diary. Victor and Paige try several times to have sex but Victor cannot maintain an erection and after discussing it with Denny he realizes he loves Paige, Paige reveals to him that his mother may have fled Italy because she stole Jesus' foreskin, and use cells to conceive Victor, making him the second coming. He is reluctant to believe but in the end believes Paige. However his mother finally recognizes him and tells him that she stole him as a baby and she has no idea who his real parents are, as she tells him this he feeds her chocolate pudding and accidentally chokes her. She dies. While Paige is trying to resuscitate Victor's mother, a hidden band around her wrist falls into Victor's view, revealing that she is actually a patient in the hospital, not a doctor. Paige then reveals that she was admitted to the hospital years ago, in a catatonic state, and fell in love with Victor through the stories his mother told her about him. As a former medical student, the nurses allowed her to wear a white coat, as it calmed her down. Paige was a voluntary patient and she checks herself out without saying goodbye to Victor. After his mother's funeral Victor is on a plane, he goes to the bathroom and the door opens to reveal Paige joining him in the bathroom. 
 Funny Games (2007)541) Two psychopathic young men take a family hostage in their cabin. In this English-language remake of a deconstruction in the way violence is portrayed in the media, a family settles into its vacation home, which happens to be the next stop for a pair of young, articulate, white-gloved serial killers on an excursion through the neighborhood. MuzikJunky When Ann, husband George, and son Georgie arrive at their holiday home they are visited by a pair of polite and seemingly pleasant young men. Armed with deceptively sweet smiles and some golf clubs, they proceed to terrorize and torture the tight-knit clan, giving them until the next day to survive. audaciousness In this exploration of our violent society and how depictions of violence reflect and shape our culture, a middle-class family submits both physically and mentally to the torture, violence, and death foisted upon them by two young, unexpected, white-gloved visitors at their vacation retreat near a lake. steandric Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a loving family - George Farber ( Tim Roth ), his wife Ann ( Naomi Watts ), his son Georgie ( Devon Gearhart ) and their dog, arriving at their lake house. Their next-door neighbor, Fred ( Boyd Gaines ) is seen with two young men, Peter ( Brady Corbet ) and Paul ( Michael Pitt ), who seem to be their friends or relatives. The two young men come over to borrow eggs. Ann is in the kitchen cooking while George and Georgie are outside by the lake, tending to their boat. They seem friendly, and they use Georges golf club. When the men depart with the eggs they soon return with them broken. After asking for more eggs which also end up broken, Ann becomes frustrated, but when George tries to force the men to leave, Peter breaks George's leg with the golf club and they take the family hostage. Ann goes to call for help on the family's cell phone, but finds it unusable, having been earlier dropped in the sink by Peter. Paul then guides Ann on a hunt to find the family's dog, which he had killed with George's golf club. When the family's other neighbors arrive for a visit, Ann passes the two men off as friends until the visitors leave. The family is forced to participate in a number of sadistic games in order to stay alive. Paul asks if the family wants to bet that they will be alive by 9:00 in the morning, though he doubts that they will be. Between playing their games, the two men keep up a constant patter. Paul frequently ridicules Peter's weight and lack of intelligence. He describes a number of contradicting stories of Peter's past, though no definitive explanation is ever presented as to the men's origins or motives. At one point, Georgie tries to escape and runs to the gate. He attempts to climb the locked gate but changes his mind and goes to the neighbors' house passing through the water. Inside the house Georgie attempts to shoot Paul with a shotgun, but the gun fails to go off. Paul returns him to the living room, along with the shotgun. After a few more games, the men play a counting-out game between the family members on the basis that whoever gets counted out will be shot, but Georgie suddenly panics and makes a run for his life, which results in Peter shooting him dead. He and Paul then leave, Paul a little annoyed that Peter didn't follow the rules of their game to the letter. George and Ann weep for their loss, but eventually resolve to survive. Ann flees the house while George, with a broken leg, desperately tries to call for help on the malfunctioning phone. Ann struggles to find help, only to be re-captured by Peter and Paul, who return her to the house. Stabbing George, the men attempt to force Ann to choose for her husband, between a painful, prolonged death with the knife or a quick death with the shotgun. Instead, Ann seizes the shotgun on the table in front of her and kills Peter. Enraged, Paul confiscates the shotgun and starts looking for the television remote. Upon finding it, he literally rewinds all the occurrences back to before Ann grabs the shotgun, thereby breaking the fourth wall. On the 'do over', Paul snatches the shotgun away and admonishes her, saying she isn't allowed to break the rules. They then kill George and take Ann, bound and gagged, out on the family's boat early the next morning. Around eight o'clock, they nonchalantly throw her into the water to drown, thus winning their bet. They dock at the house of the neighbors that had previously visited the family, and request some eggs, thereby restarting their cycle of murder. 
 The Good Shepherd (2006)431) The tumultuous early history of the Central Intelligence Agency is viewed through the prism of one man's life. Laconic and self-contained, Edward Wilson (Matt Damon) heads C.I.A. covert operations during the Bay of Pigs. The agency suspects that Fidel Castro was tipped, so Wilson looks for the leak. As he investigates, he recalls, in a series of flashbacks, his father's death, student days at Yale (poetry; Skull and Bones), recruitment into the fledgling O.S.S., truncated affairs, a shotgun marriage, cutting his teeth on spy craft in London, distance from his son, the emergence of the Cold War, and relationships with agency, British, and Soviet counterparts. We watch his idealism give way to something else: disclosing the nature of that something else is at the heart of this movie's narration as he closes in on the leak. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Edward Wilson (Matt Damon), the only witness to his father's suicide and member of the Skull and Bones Society while a student at Yale, is a morally upright young man who values honor and discretion, qualities that help him to be recruited for a career in the newly founded Office of Strategic Services (O.S.S., the predecessor of the Central Intelligence Agency). While working there, his ideals gradually turn to suspicion influenced by the Cold War paranoia present within the office. Eventually, he becomes an influential veteran operative, while his distrust of everyone around him increases to no end. His dedication to his work does not come without a price though, leading him to sacrifice his ideals and eventually his family. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ever since his father's suicide, Edward Wilson wants to do good for the world. But he has a habit of making one bad decision after another, which makes his life an unhappy one. In the Second World War he becomes a member of the OSS, an Intelligence Service operating in London. When the Cold War begins the USA transforms the OSS into the CIA, to which Edward Wilson gives his services. But slowly he gets stuck in this web, costing him the love of his life, giving him a very unhappy marriage, and making him even responsible for the unhappy fate of his own son's life, all of which will accumulate during the days of the Bay of Pigs Incident. Detailed: Washington D.C., April 16, 1961. Edward Wilson (Matt Damon) listens to President Kennedy discuss Fidel Castro and heads to work. A boy asks for change of a dollar on the bus, and the dollar is a code for a spy contact. Edwards obtains permission from his boss Philip Allen (William Hurt) to go to the CIA's Caribbean operations center to make contact. The contact is blown, and Wilson's assistance Ray (John Turturro) advises him there's a traitor. Returning home, Wilson finds an envelope with a videotape of a woman in bed with an unknown man, wanting secrets. The next day, Sam Murach (Alex Baldwin) warns Edward that the top mole suspect is Edward, and leaves him a message at a local cleaners; the FBI is investigating Philip Allen. A flashback to Yale in 1939 shows Edward's membership in Skull & Bones, a secret society. During initiation, Edwards reveals that his father's last words to him were to "never lie." He tells them that he stole his father's suicide note, but never read it. His brothers in Skull & Bones realize he is a good secret-keeper. He is soon contacted by Sam Murach, who asks him to spy on his English professor, Dr. Fredericks (Michael Gambon). He does so, and his professor is forced to resign. Edward also meets Laura (Tammy Blanchard), a deaf student, and falls in love with her. Their relationship is brief, however, as Edward meets 'Clover' Russell (Angelina Jolie), the sister of of Bonesman brother John Russell (Gabriel Macht), and the daughter of a senator. She seduces Edward, and he impregnates her. He also meets General Bill Sullivan (Robert De Niro), who asks him to be a member of the foreign intelligence. Later, after Edward marries Clover, Sullivan sends a request for him to join the intelligence service. In 1961 again, he is approached by Richard Hayes (Lee Pace), who asserts that Edward is a suspect, but Edward refuses to speak to him. Analysis of the videotape he received is underway, focusing on an object on the nightstand. It is stated that the video tape has been deliberately altered to mask some details. Another flashback to 1941 has Edward meeting Philip Allen in London and beginning his intelligence career. He realizes Dr. Fredericks is an intelligence officer, and his assignment at Yale was compromised from Edward's spying. Ray is assigned to him, and they begin setting up networks. He also meets Arch Cummings (Billy Crudip), who advises him that Dr. Fredericks may be the leak. Fredericks knows that Edward is investigating him, and warns Edward to get out while he can. Fredericks is killed. Clover has a baby boy, but Edward is in London and misses the birth. Four years later, in Berlin, Edward meets with Allen again. His new focus is to extract Russian scientists who could potentially build a nuclear bomb. During negotiations for prisoner exchange, he meets Stas Siyanko (Oleg Shtefanko), his counterpart, code-named Ulysses. Ulysses praises Edward for his stoicism, and says Edward's code name is "Mother." While in Berlin, Edward has an affair with Hanna Schiller (Martina Gedeck), and he thinks Clover is having one too. Schiller is later assassinated by Ulysses. When he returns home, his meeting with Clover is awkward and she tells him she now goes by Margaret. Edward gives his son a small ship encased in glass made to look like a pocket watch. Edward and Clover confess their affairs to each other. General Sullivan reappears and offers Edward a job in domestic intelligence. Edward's new post is to disrupt a Mayan dictator. He warns his agent not to travel with his class ring. The agent's finger is sent to him in a sealed coffee container. His home life worsens, and Margaret doesn't understand or trust him, and complains he works too many long days. Several years later, Russian contact Valentin Mironov (John Sessions) provides Edward with information about Ulysses. At a Russian play, Edward meets Laura again, and realizes his personal life has been unfulfilled. They make love, and pictures of his infidelity are sent to Margaret. She leaves, but returns. Edward and his son begin to build their relationship, and he teaches his son how to build a ship in a bottle. Some time later, another Valentin Mironov (Mark Ivanir) asks for asylum. Ray tries to get his real name, including using LSD, which was in its experimentation phase, to extract the truth. This Mironov continues to insist he is the real Mironov and leaps out the window, committing suicide. The first Miranov reasserts his identity but later Edward realizes Miranov was lying when he finds his real passport hidden in a copy of "Ulysses." Edward's son, Edward Jr. (Eddie Redmayne) grows up and tells his father he wants to join the CIA. Edward and Margaret fight about it, and he tells her he doesn't love her; he married her because she was pregnant. Edward Jr. has become a Bonesman, and Edward Sr. asks Margaret to dance, calling her Clover and reliving their first encounter, but she announces that she's leaving him. As Castro gains power, Edward meets with Joseph Palmi (Joe Pesci) in an effort to ease tensions in Cuba. Later, Edward Jr. overhears his father telling Allen about the plans to invade the Bay of Pigs with 1500 troops, and to "keep the noise level down." Final analysis of the videotape reveals three possible locations. This sends Edward to the Congo as he is able to guess the correct location. He finds the room where the video was made, and sees that the object on the nightstand is the gift he gave to his son, now mounted in a glass case. Ulysses arrives and plays the original tape, with Edward Jr. describing what he overhead about Cuba. Ulysses, now revealed as the architect of the tape and the plot to turn Edward, promises to watch out for Edward Jr., as long as Edward Sr. agrees to help Russia when asked. Edward leaves without responding as Ulysses gives him some time. In the next meeting Edward refuses to commit treason for his son and makes the point that Ulysses has no hold over him now that the Cuba affair is over and the U.S.A. has lost. Ulysses realizes the information still has some value and agrees to keep the secret but says he will ask for a favor later. He states that the girl is not trustworthy to either side and asks Edward if he wants her to become part of his family. Edward doesn't answer, and Ulysses nods. As Edward and Clover reunite for Edward Jr.'s wedding, the girl Miriam (Liya Kebede) is thrown from an airplane in the Congo, and never makes it to the church. Philip Allen resigns as the head of CIA, and John Russell (Jr) tells Edward he wants him to be the new head. Later, Edward opens his private safe and reads his father's suicide note and burns it. 
 Pump Up the Volume (1990)321) Mark runs a pirate radio station and causes an uproar when he speaks his mind and enthralls fellow teens. Mark is an intelligent but shy teenager who has just moved to Arizona from the East Coast. His parents give him a short-wave radio so he can talk to his pals, but instead he sets up shop as pirate deejay Hard Harry, who becomes a hero to his peers while inspiring the wrath of the local high school principal. When one of Harry's listeners commits suicide, inspired chaos breaks out at the school and the authorities are called in to put a stop to Harry's broadcasts. Denise P. Meyer <dpm1@cornell.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mark Hunter ( Christian Slater ) is an intelligent but shy teenager who has just moved to Arizona from the East Coast. Mark has inner demons he has a hard time dealing with. Mark's father, Brian Hunter ( Scott Paulin ), who runs the school district, and his mother, Marla Hunter ( Mimi Kennedy ), try to help him but only push him away. His parents give him a short-wave radio so he can talk to his pals back east, but instead he sets up shop as angry pirate deejay Hard Harry. His broadcasts consist of music, obscenity, cynical observations, reading letters, and call-ins. His listeners include students of Hubert Humphrey high school, and a teacher, Ms. Emerson ( Ellen Greene ). The school is run by corrupt principal Loretta Creswood ( Annie Ross ), who weeds out underachieving kids to keep the school's SAT scores high as false testimony to her competence. By exposing hard truths, Harry becomes a reluctant hero to all the students in the school. Nora Diniro ( Samantha Mathis ), whose letters to Harry's show have been read on the air many times, learns his real identity but keeps his secret. Harry and Nora awkwardly form a tentative relationship. Caller Malcolm Kaiser ( Anthony Lucero ) wants to commit suicide and Harry does little to talk him out of it. When Malcolm actually kills himself, Harry feels bad that he didn't do anything to help him. He talks openly to his audience about being a teenager and suicidal feelings. Due to Malcolm's death and Harry-inspired chaos breaking out at the school, the FCC is called in to shut down the station. As they get closer to discovering his location, Harry loads his transmitter into a vehicle and continues to broadcast on the move. Harry's dad finally learns from Ms. Emerson about Miss Creswood's shady actions, and suspends her. When the FCC rolls up to arrest Harry and take him away, he tells his listeners not to give up, to live, and to "talk hard". Inspired by his example to tell the truth no matter how ugly it is, some students start their own pirate radio stations. (some info from summary by Denise P. Meyer and comment by jeffman52001) 