nm0011432:

 Tromeo and Juliet (1996)Summaries Tromeo, a filmmaker, falls in love with Juliet, the daughter of a former partner who tried to steal his business from him. A modern, punk adaptation of Shakespeare's classic. Told irreverently, this film attempts to impact the viewer in the same way theatre-goers were affected in Shakespeare's time. Bawdy, Violent, Humorous, and Romantic. Stephen Blackehart It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Fool and His Money (1989)211) While watching TV, ex-adman Morris Codman receives a message from God. Advised by the Almighty to go into business for himself, Codman inaugurates his own religion, founded on a philosophy of selfishness. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seeing God on TV inspires a New York adman to form a new religion based on greed, with a janitor in charge. Later, in a predictable epiphany, he discovers the beauty of altruism, realizing that bilking people out of their money isn't worth the loss of his morals and his love. (Bullock plays the role of the skeptical girlfriend.) Information provided by Rotten Tomotoes and Yahoo! Movies 
 Loser (1991)Summaries A dark comedy about the wild night Hank has when he discovers that he has won a $200 million lottery jackpot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lie Down with Dogs (1995)Summaries Tommie is a young guy in Manhattan with a dead-end job handing out fliers in Times Square. At the beginning of a fateful summer, he has a chance encounter with a friend who tells Tommie that he's headed to Provincetown, on the Cape, for a long weekend. Tommie is inspired to make his own trek to P-town, where he goes on a summer long, balls-out quest for Mr. Right, even though he has no money and holds his breath each time he uses his American Express card. In the course of the summer, Tommie looks for a work as a house boy at various inns, works several jobs, benefits from the kindness of a stranger, and gets involved with a series of men. Is it all worth it? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 