nm0005402:

 The Boy Next Door (2015)651) A woman, separated from her unfaithful husband, falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn. When a handsome, charming teenager named Noah (Ryan Guzman) moves in next door, newly separated high-school teacher Claire Peterson (Jennifer Lopez) encourages his friendship and engages in a little bit of harmless (or so she thinks) flirtation. Although Noah spends much of the time hanging out with Claire's son, the teen's attraction to her is palpable. One night, Claire gives in to temptation and lets Noah seduce her, but when she tries to end the relationship, he turns violent. The classic literature teacher Claire Peterson lives alone with her teenage son Kevin in a house in the suburb. She is separated from her husband Garrett Peterson since she has found he had an affair with a coworker in Los Angeles. Garrett wants to have a fresh restart with Claire but she is reluctant and prefers to stay alone. When the handsome nephew of her next door neighbor Noah Sandborn loses his parents in a car accident, he moves to the house and befriends Claire and Kevin. Noah seems to be an adorable young man and soon there is a sexual tension between Claire and he and one rainy night they have one night stand. On the next morning, Claire regrets but Noah becomes obsessed for her and shows his real personality. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Moving into an LA suburb, irresistibly attractive, emancipated teenager Noah Sandborn soon becomes most popular in his new high school and is especially adored by his eager wing-man, semi-shy Kevin Peterson, son of businessman Garrett Peterson and his wife Claire, a family next door. Although the boys' teacher, Claire feels martially neglected and is quickly seduced by Noah, a mature lover who encourages Kevin to turn against his once adulterous father and help poison his separated parents' relationship. When Claire changes her mind and claims it was a meaningless fling, Noah refuses to give up his 'new family' with Kevin as virtual stepson and proves a formidable manipulative adversary, proving he can wreck every aspect of Claire's life, and after she finds out about his dark past turns violent, even against Kevin. KGF Vissers Neglected by her adulterous husband and left feeling particularly vulnerable as her marriage crumbles, lonely teacher Claire (Jennifer Lopez) has an affair with a younger neighbor (Ryan Guzman) that turns terrifying as his fiery lust morphs into dangerous obsession.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Claire Peterson (Jennifer Lopez) is on the verge of divorcing her husband Garrett (John Corbett) after he was caught cheating with his secretary. She kicks him out and it causes a rift between both of them and their son Kevin (Ian Nelson). Claire's best friend Vicky Lansing (Kristin Chenoweth) stands by her and urges her to sign the divorce papers immediately and leave Garrett for good. For Kevin's birthday, Garrett shows up for dinner. He invites Claire and Kevin to a fishing trip following a business trip he's taking in San Francisco, which is where his affair took place. Claire declines the invitation but allows Kevin to join his father. She is still very much hurt by the deception. One day, Claire is getting ready to take Kevin out when their garage door gets stuck. Claire goes to push it open and is helped by a young man named Noah Sandborn (Ryan Guzman). He is the nephew of Claire's wheelchair-bound neighbor. Noah offers to help fix the garage door. He goes with Kevin to the hardware store. After they leave, Noah's uncle tells Claire that Noah's parents died the previous year and he is still coping with the loss. The boys walk to the hardware store, and Kevin learns that Noah is going to attend the same high school as him, where Claire happens to be a teacher. After they get their stuff, Kevin notices a girl from his school that works there named Allie Callahan (Lexi Atkins). He has a crush on her but is too nervous around her. Noah persuades him to go up and talk to her. As Kevin goes to pay, Noah introduces himself to Allie. Moments later, three punks on skateboards led by a guy named Jason Zimmer (Adam Hicks) come in and harass Kevin in front of Allie and Noah. Noah spends a lot of time with Kevin while his uncle is in the hospital, and Claire invites him to have lunch with them and Vicky. Claire mentions that she teaches classic literature at school, prompting Noah to quote Homer and express his love for "The Iliad". Claire is clearly impressed by this. Later, Noah notices a pair of stilettos that Claire keeps in a box, which she says were a gift from Vicky. Noah comments that the shoes are for women who try to be sexy, and that Claire doesn't need to try. He apologizes for sounding too forward. With Kevin and Garrett away on their trip, Claire is getting ready to go out. She looks out the window and sees Noah naked in his room. He spots her watching him, but she hides behind the curtains. Claire goes on a double date with Vicky and her boyfriend Ethan (Travis Schuldt) with his buddy Couper (Brian Mahoney) at a restaurant. Couper is a douchebag that insults Claire's fondness for classic literature and calls her a firecracker when she defends her opinion. She also notices him checking out a waitress. Claire leaves the restaurant and goes home. Noah calls Claire and tells her he tried defrosting a chicken in a microwave. He asks her to come over and help him cook it properly. She ends up going over and staying to eat the chicken with him after they cook it properly. Noah continues to flirt with Claire, and while she is interested, she feels it would be wrong. Noah starts to kiss her and feel her up, leaving her unable to resist. They end up having very passionate sex. The next morning, Claire starts to regret what happened the previous night. She tells Noah what they did was wrong. But tt makes him so angry that he punches a wall and bloodies his knuckles. Kevin and Garrett return from their trip. They have lunch with Claire, when Noah shows up moments later. Claire brings in a plate of cookies, and Noah asks her if she told the guys what happened while they were gone. She says there was a big rainstorm, to which Noah smugly remarks that it got very wet over there. Kevin offers him a cookie, and Noah responds, "I love your mother's cookies." The school year begins, and as Claire begins her first class, the principal comes in and tells her that Noah is joining their class, since he made it appear as though Claire requested him to transfer into her class. She realizes that he hacked her computer. Kevin and Noah hang out, despite Claire starting to feel uncomfortable with Noah. Noah takes Kevin to the woods with a gun belonging to his uncle. He sets up a line of oranges and manipulates Kevin into hating his father for cheating on Claire. This is present at the dinner table when Garrett comes over and Kevin yells at him. Kevin joins Noah at the school gym and he takes out his frustration on a punching bag. Kevin overexerts himself and starts to go into shock. Noah rushes to the locker and grabs Kevin's epipen. He sticks it in Kevin's leg and saves him. Vicky brings Claire some flowers at work that they both believe came from Garrett. Claire calls him and he denies sending anything. She figures that Noah sent them and she confronts him in the gym. A teacher notices this and sees her shove Noah. Kevin goes back to the hardware store to ask Allie out to a movie. She says she can't, but she would like to go with him to the fall fling. Claire and Garrett go out on a date, and he starts to get handsy with her. She is still upset over the affair, but Garrett truly wants to start fresh. Noah notices all this and he angrily confronts Claire about it the next morning. Kevin catches them, and, since he's still upset with his parents, he rides to school with Noah. Jason and his buddies go over to Kevin and bug him. Kevin steps up to confront Jason when Noah comes in and kicks Jason into the locker before repeatedly slamming his head against it. Vicky runs in to break up the fight, only to get shoved by Noah. He is pulled off by a bigger teacher. Noah is sent to the principal's office where Vicky (who is the vice principal) says the school never got Noah's transcript from his previous school because he was kicked out for disorderly conduct. In response, Noah calls her a "dried-up dirty fucking cunt." Vicky raises her hand to strike him, but he catches it. He leaves as she expels him. Claire chaperones the fall fling and leaves Kevin with Allie. Allie tells Claire about a leak in the boy's bathroom. She goes to turn the sink off and sees in big letters on the wall, "I fucked Claire Peterson". Noah emerges from the darkness and tries to force himself on Claire, only to get kicked in the balls. She tells him to stay away from her and Kevin. The next day, Claire's students are locked out of the class. She opens the door and looks inside to see something awful. She leaves her students outside and finds hundreds of pictures all over the classroom showing her and Noah having sex, with even more being printed out. Claire unplugs the printer and frantically tries to get rid of the pictures as the principal shows up. She opens the door for the students to come in. The principal expresses his concern over Claire's recent behavior, and he tells her of what he heard regarding her confrontation with Noah in the gym. Garrett picks Kevin up from school to drive his car home. Kevin drives it angrily, still resentful towards his dad. He goes way too fast and is unable to stop since the brakes are out. Kevin nearly hits two cars until Garrett helps him swerve into a row of water containers on the road. Claire returns home and sees the dent in Garrett's car. He and Kevin don't tell Claire what happened and assure her they're both fine. She finds them watching TV with Noah. He follows her into the kitchen where she tells him about the photos. He tells her he took a video of their night together, and if she wants it, she has to go to his house. Claire does go over later that night, but Noah promises to give the video only if she continues sleeping with him. She refuses and leaves. Claire tells Vicky everything and asks for her help. She tells Claire to get into Noah's house and find the tape herself. Noah follows what he thinks is Claire's car, only to see Vicky. He turns his car around, prompting Vicky to call Claire, just as she is breaking into Noah's house. She finds the camera hidden behind a clock above the fireplace. She walks into the basement and finds hundreds of pictures of herself all over the walls. Claire looks into Noah's laptop and finds the video and picture files. She trashes all of it, and then spots two other files with pictures of brakes, implying that Noah was the one that cut the brakes out of Garrett's car, as well as from a minivan. Claire goes back upstairs and is startled when Noah's uncle shows up. She runs back home. Claire meets with a detective and learns that Noah's parents were killed in a car accident after his dad swerved into a truck. She is taken to the remains of the car and figures it's the same minivan listed in Noah's laptop. At home, Claire calls Vicky and is startled when the door gets banged on. She thinks it's Noah, and Vicky tells Claire to go to her house with Kevin. The door opens and it's just Kevin. After the ladies hang out, Vicky gets knocked over the head by Noah. Noah calls Kevin and invites him to go over to Vicky's house. He has Vicky tied up and gagged while he calls Claire and uses a recording of Vicky's voice to have her come over. Claire arrives at Vicky's house. It's dark and the lights have been cut. Claire gets frightened by Vicky's cat and stumbles against the closet, which opens up and drops out Vicky's dead body. Noah slashed her throat. Claire screams and runs out of the house. She calls the police, right as Noah finds her and pulls her out of the car. She tells him she knows he killed his parents. Noah says that he loved his mother, but she killed herself after his father cheated on her, and he cut the brakes of the minivan to kill his father and the mistress. Noah takes Claire to a barn house where he has both Garrett and Kevin tied up. Noah threatens to kill them both unless Claire agrees to stay with him. She grabs a wrench and whacks him with it. She runs over to Kevin and tries to untie him until Noah gets up and pulls Claire away. He grabs some kerosene and throws it all around Garrett and Kevin. He takes out the lighter when Claire pushes him and makes him drop it, igniting the kerosene. The barn house starts to go up in flames. Garrett gets himself loose and wraps the rope on his wrists around Noah's throat. Noah gets his gun and shoots Garrett once in the chest. Claire takes Kevin's epipen and jabs Noah's eye. She tries to go back and untie Kevin, but Noah continues to fight her. She sticks her finger in his eye, making it ooze pus and blood. Kevin breaks the rope and whacks Noah with a block of wood, and Noah pushes him off. He aims his gun at Kevin and says that sometimes heroes need to make difficult choices. Claire calls Noah and says, "You're no hero" before pulling a switch that drops an engine on Noah to finally kill him. Claire and Kevin pull Garrett up and walk out of the burning barn house. The paramedics and police arrive on the scene. They wheel Garrett into the ambulance with Claire and Kevin riding by his side. She continues to assure Garrett everything will be okay and that they're finally going home. 
 The Giant Mechanical Man (2012)Summaries An offbeat romantic comedy about a silver-painted street performer and the soft spoken zoo worker who falls for him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Passions (19992008)Summaries In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. But behind the money are many lies and secrets. Most of what the Cranes do affects the other core families: the working class Bennets, the Russells, and the Lopez-Fitzgeralds. The wealthy Hotchkiss family cause's a lot of problems in Harmony. They are heavily involved with the much wealthier Crane family. And everyone must watch out for Tabitha Lenox, who is thought to be the crazy neighbor of the Bennets, but is actually a 300 year old witch who plays god with all of their lives. The powerful Crane family, headed in Harmony by the slow-witted Julian, who's really just a puppet of his faceless father Alistair, attempts to control all of the goings-on in the town. Julian recently found that Alistair's heir, Ethan, is not his son, but police chief Sam Bennett's. The secret's revelation was manipulated by Julian's new love, Rebecca Hotchkiss, who's plotting to get her daughter, Gwen, back together with Ethan. Ethan is engaged to the beautiful Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, who was a virgin until, she and Ethan made love just past midnight on their wedding day. Theresa's brother, Luis, is engaged to Sheridan Crane, and Alistair plotted to have Julian kill Sheridan with a poisoned wedding ring to prevent her marriage to Luis. If Luis gains access to the Crane estate, he might just solve the mystery of his father, Martin Fitzgerald's, long ago disappearance. Eve Russel, the town doctor, had an affair with Julian before she met her husband T.C. The relationship produced a son, who she thought had died, but who may or may not be Chad Harris - an orphan who came to town looking for his parents, and fell in love with Eve's daughter, Whitney. Eve's other daughter, Simone, also loves Chad - which has created a rather interesting love triangle, since Whitney recently promised a near-dead Simone that if she would come back, Whitney would never see Chad again. Tabitha Lennox, as it turns out, is rather inconsequential thus far, but she provides plenty of comic relief. stephanie boone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hitcher (2007)321) A serial killer pins his crimes on two college students who gave him a ride. While driving through the New Mexico Desert during a rainy night, the college students Jim Halsey and his girlfriend Grace Andrews give a ride to the hitchhiker John Ryder. While in their car, the stranger proves to be a psychopath threatening the young couple with a knife, but Jim succeeds to throw him out of the car on the road. On the next morning, the young couple sees John in another car with a family, and while trying to advise the driver that the man is dangerous, they have an accident. While walking on the road, they find the whole family stabbed in the car, and John sees that the driver is still alive. He drives to a restaurant seeking for help, but the police blame Jim and Grace to the murder and send them to the police station. However, John kills the policemen and pursues the couple, playing a tragic and violent mouse and cat game with Grace and Jim. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jim (Zachary Knighton) is a young college student picking up his girlfriend Grace (Sophia Bush) to go to Lake Havasu for a Spring Break holiday. They zoom along the highway in Jim's muscle car, an Oldsmobile 442, and by evening they are in New Mexico and in a rainstorm. Jim frequently gives Grace loving glances, and as he talks to Grace about meeting her friends, Jim looks away from the road for a little too long. He almost hits a man standing in the middle of the highway as the rain pours down. Jim stops the car, feels bad that he almost hit this guy, and wants to offer the man a ride as it seems the stranger's car parked by the side of the road has broken down. Grace says absolutely not to pick him up, but the man now is walking towards their car. Jim tries to start his car but the motor is flooded. It finally starts and they drive off, just as the man reaches their car door. They argue about whether or not they should have picked up the man; Jim feels guilty. A few miles down the road they stop at a gas station with the typically weird attendant. Jim asks the attendant to send a tow rig back to pick up the stranger and his car, but the attendant says that will have to wait until the next day. Grace goes to the lady's room as Jim buys her favorite "processed food" - Hostess Twinkies. As he fills his car with gas, a big rig stops and drops off a passenger who is the stranger they left stranded. The stranger asks the attendant where the nearest motel is located, and when he hears it is 12 miles down the road he turns to Jim and asks if he can ride with him. They talk about the fact Jim didn't stop for him earlier, and the stranger says he doesn't blame him. He wouldn't have stopped either. He says his name is John Rider (Sean Bean), and Jim agrees to take him as far as the motel just as Grace comes out of the lady's room looking very apprehensive. For the first minute of their ride down the highway, John Rider seems friendly and pleasant. The two men are sitting in the front and Grace is in the back listening to her iPod. Then John Rider casually asks Jim how often he has sexual relations with his girlfriend. Jim is stunned and upset. He notices the ring on John's left hand and asks him how often he has sexual relations with his wife. John says he's not married and that he wears the ring so that people will think he's a nice guy. John then reaches for Jim's cell phone and snaps it in two. As Grace tries to dial 911 on her phone, John Rider pulls out his knife and holds it to Jim's throat and says he will kill him unless he says, "I want to die." Jim continues to drive and he and Grace are in a panic as he slowly says, "I want to....." As he says "die", he swerves the car, Grace opens the door and John Rider falls out onto the road. Jim and Grace continue driving, badly shaken, agreeing to tell the police what has happened at the next town. A few hours later, Grace is asleep in the car and Jim is so tired he pulls off the side of the road to take a nap. He falls asleep, but John Rider finds them and smashes in his car window..... Jim wakes up realizing he was having a nightmare. He and Grace continue on down the highway and are passed by a station wagon filled with a dad, mom and two kids in the back. Sitting next to a little boy in the back end of the station wagon is someone holding a giant stuffed frog in his lap. As the station wagon passes Jim and Grace, the frog waves at them, and we see the smiling, friendly face of John Rider pop out from behind the frog. Jim and Grace freak out as they realize what John Rider will do to this family. They speed up and come even with the station wagon as Grace screams out a warning to the man and woman. They don't get what she is trying to tell them, and Jim loses control of his car, and drives off the side of the road and into a ravine. The car is totaled, but Jim and Grace manage to pull themselves together and climb back onto the road and continue their journey on foot. Soon they see the station wagon pulled off the side of the road, and they run to it fearing that John Rider has used his knife to kill the family - which proves to be the case. Jim holds the dad, the only one still alive as Grace drives. Suddenly a red pickup is banging into the back of the station wagon. It's John Rider trying to run them off the road. Grace drives to the next stop on the road, a cafe. The truck has dropped out of sight. She runs inside and tells the waitress to call 911 and asks for towels (to help stop the father's bleeding wounds). The waitress calls the sheriff as Grace heads for the bathroom and begins pulling paper towels from the holder. Suddenly she sees that someone is outside the bathroom door (shadows under the door threshold) and she ever so quietly slides the door lock closed. The door knob turns. Grace waits until the person leaves and she thinks it's safe and runs back into the cafe where she is arrested. The sheriff and his deputies arrive on the scene and think Grace and Jim are the killers since they are strangers in their community, and take them both into custody. They lock Jim in a jail cell, and ask Grace questions in an interrogation room with a see-through mirror. The sheriff steps out of the room, and doesn't return. She looks at the mirror and realizes someone is looking at her from the other side. That someone is John Rider who has killed the sheriff and his two deputies. He dips his finger in the sheriff's blood and traces Grace's face as she peers through the other side of the mirror/window. Grace finally tries the door of the interrogation room, and when it opens, she grabs the keys off the sheriff's body and unlocks Jim's cell. As they run out the back door of the jail, they take a gun off the body of one of the deputies. John Rider has disappeared for the time being. The state police now are involved and as the lieutenant in charge walks through the carnage in the sheriff's office, he sees the drawing in blood on the interrogation room window and realizes that Jim and Grace are not the only killers. When he gets their background information and sees that they are college students, he says they may be innocent. Jim and Grace make their way to an old trailer park and try to find a car. When a deputy arrives, they hide inside of an old building, and a scorpion crawls near Jim's foot. Instead of stepping on it, he moves it away with his foot. When the deputy tries to arrest them, they manage to get his gun. As they try to get him back into his car, he tries to get the gun back from Grace. A shot rings out, and there is a bullet hole in the deputy's head. Another carload of lawmen drive up and think Grace shot the deputy, but it was John Rider who has been hiding in a building just behind Grace, and who used a rifle he took from the sheriff's office. Jim and Grace drive off in the dead deputy's car with three police cars and a helicopter right behind and over them. Grace speaks into the police car radio microphone and says they are innocent. But the overzealous lieutenant who is monitoring all of this from his office says that his men saw her shoot the deputy. A policeman shoots the tires on their car and the helicopter hovers right above them. They must pull over, but, almost out of nowhere, a black and white Trans Am pulls up behind the three police cars, and then alongside them. It's John Rider and he shoots the officers and when one car crashes into another and another, and they are all killed. He looks up at the helicopter and shoots the pilot and it crashes. Jim and Grace manage to drive their thrashed sheriff's car to a motel and sneak into one of the rooms. They shower together, and Jim says he's sorry for getting them into this mess. He tells Grace he is going a pay phone to call home to get help and will be back in 15 minutes. Grace finishes her shower and watches TV in bed and falls asleep. When she awakens, she sees a Hostess Twinkie on the night stand and smiles. She thinks Jim is in bed with her, but it turns out to be John Rider. She struggles with him, smashes his face with a lamp, and grabs the gun she has been carrying with her. She hides in the bathroom and gets dressed. She comes out of the hotel room, carrying the gun, calling for Jim. She finds him with his arms chained to the front of one big rig and his legs to the back of another. She runs to the driver's cab of the first truck and there sits John Rider ready to drive the truck forward which will kill Jim. He tells Grace to shoot him - that he wants to die, but that if he does, his foot will come off the clutch and Jim will die anyway. Grace can't pull the trigger, and the police show up just in time to watch the truck pull forward, where they seen Jim ripped in half (you see Jim ripped in half on-screen) and arrest John Rider. Next we see Grace, in shock, sitting in the lieutenant's office. The lieutenant says he will take her to Albuquerque where they have a trauma facility and that her parents will meet her there. He also spends a few minutes interrogating John Rider.... or the stranger who has assumed his identity. Apparently, the real John Rider disappeared the previous Tuesday, and they cannot get any kind of identification on this killer of so many people. The policemen escort the killer to a van to be moved to Albuquerque and begin the journey with the lieutenant and Grace following in the lieutenant's car. We see the interior of the back of the van where the killer sits with a single police officer. He works the handcuffs off his wrists, slashes the neck of the officer with the loose handcuff, grabs the officer's gun, and shoots the officers in front as the van crashes into the lieutenant's car. The lieutenant's leg is pinned in his car and he can't move. Grace takes his gun determined to stop the killer once and for all. She moves toward the van and opens the back door. The killer leaps out, grabs the gun from her, locks her in the back of the van, and then sets the van on fire. The killer walks toward the lieutenant, carrying his gun. Meanwhile, Grace is trying to squeeze through the grate separating the back of the van from the front. Finally she gets through far enough to grab a shotgun the guards carried with them. She shoots out the back of the van just as the killer shoots the lieutenant. She walks toward the killer, cocks the shotgun and shoots him in his bulletproof vest. He turns to walk away, and she shoots him again. He kneels in front of her and says, "It feels good, doesn't it." And then she shoots him in the head as the camera pans away showing Grace standing with the shotgun, and the killer lying in a pool of his own blood. 