nm0004993:

 The Hole (2001)321) Four teenagers at a British private school secretly uncover and explore the depths of a sealed underground hole created decades ago as a possible bomb shelter. One misty morning, Liz Dunn stumbles down the road to her school and screams for help. A police psychologist gets her to reveal her story: A month earlier: three rebellious teenagers - Mike, Frankie and Geoff are trying to ditch the school field trip to Wales. The school nerd Martin helps them out by allowing them to stay in an old war bunker for the three days on the condition that his friend Liz joins them. The teens go down, party and have great fun but Martin doesn't return to let them out and they hope and pray that someone will find them... RJDL Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Liz Dunn (Thora Birch) returns to her rural English boarding school bloodied and in shock. The police are called immediately for Liz has been missing from school and home for 18 days. Later, and still in shock, Liz Dunn tells her story to the psychiatrist appointed by the court, Dr. Philippa Horwood (Embeth Davidtz). The plan was that she and three more students would hide inside a war-time bunker because they wanted to avoid a school excursion to Wales. They did not want to spend the holidays with their families either. The three other runaways are popular and successful but Liz is the school outcast. She was hoping that the time in the vault with Mike Steel (Desmond Harrington) would make him forget his girlfriend, the popular Frances 'Frankie' Almond Smith (Keira Knightley) who also tags along. Geoff Bingham (Laurene Fox), Mike's best friend, was also in the bunker. The excursion people would think they were at home on holidays, and the students' parents would think they were in Wales. Nerdy Martyn Taylor (Daniel Brocklebank), supposedly Liz's only friend, was supposed to lock the gate/exit to the bunker, go home to his family and, when he returned three days later, he would unlock the door and they will all go back to school. However, at the end of the three days, Martyn never showed up to let them out. At this point, at the police station, Liz breaks down because she is too traumatized by what happened next at the bunker to continue talking with Horwood. The interviews resume a few days later. Liz's mother Mrs. Dunn (Gemma Craven) doesn't think it's necessary to go on with the questioning but Dr. Horwood insists. Felling better, Liz tells the story of what happened when they realized Martyn wasn't coming to unlock the door. Liz says that it he's doing this to get back at her because Martyn is jealous that she is in love with Mike. The four friends tried to smash the door, find another exit, all to no avail. They decide they will have to wait until Martyn takes pity on them. However, in spite of rationing, they are running out of food and water. On day 10 in the hold, once they run out of food, hunger and thirst cause Frankie to have a heart attack and she dies in a disgusting toilet booth swarmed by flies. The three remaining students cannot do anything else apart from talking among themselves, arguing and making up stories to spend their time. They get so weak that they can barely move. Suddenly, a soft pop and a hiss is heard. Geoff has hidden a last can of Coke from the others. Mike gets so angry at his selfishness, he attacks Geoff and kills him by banging his head onto the floor several times. The questioning gets interrupted once and again. This time by DCS Tom Howard (Steven Waddington) who thinks that Phillipa's conversations with Liz are just a waste of time. Tom has been questioning Martyn, who wants to talk with Liz face-to-face. In private and away from the police station, Martyn asks Liz why she's doing this because now the police suspect him of murder. Liz kills Martyn and pushes him down to the river. Back at the police station, Dr. Horwood, who now suspects that Liz is not telling the truth, questions her some more. Liz begins her story again; Now that it's only Liz and Mark in the hole. Mark starts to show some tenderness towards Liz. At that moment, Liz shows Mike the key to the door. She had had it the whole time. Mike is furious. Because of her actions, Frankie is dead and he killed his best friend. He screams at her and threatens to kill her but he falls down the metallic stairs and dies. Dr. Horwood stares at Liz in horror. She was always the "leader of the pack" at school, snobbish, stubborn and conceited, childish and obsessively in love with a boy who wouldn't give her the time of day. Her plan had been to make Mike notice her and realize he was in love with her. Dr. Horwood tells Liz that she has to tell the police what she's done. At that moment, Tom Howard walks in the room. Liz pretends to be afraid of Dr. Horwood. Tom tells the doctor to stop stalking Liz or she will lose her job. Horwood gets frantic, because she is the only person in the world who realises what has truly happened: Liz caused the death of four people in order to have the boy she was going after. But having failed that, Liz returns to her perfect, wealthy life, knowing that she got away with everything while Dr. Horwood looks on with silent anger and defeat. 
 Dexter (20062013)321) He's smart. He's lovable. He's Dexter Morgan, America's favorite serial killer, who spends his days solving crimes and nights committing them. Golden Globe winner Michael C. Hall stars in the hit SHOWTIME Original Series. He's smart, he's good looking, and he's got a great sense of humor. He's Dexter Morgan, everyone's favorite serial killer. As a Miami forensics expert, he spends his days solving crimes, and nights committing them. But Dexter lives by a strict code of honor that is both his saving grace and lifelong burden. Torn between his deadly compulsion and his desire for true happiness, Dexter is a man in profound conflict with the world and himself. Golden Globe winner Michael C. Hall stars in the hit SHOWTIME Original Series. SHOWTIME Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. {{This synopsis covers the story arc of all eight seasons. Without naming names, it still spoils storylines. It is provided as a reference for viewers who have seen the show from beginning to end.}} Dexter is a serial killer with a "code" which directs his compulsions to kill only the guilty. As a blood spatter analyst for the Miami police, he has access to crime scenes, picking up clues and checking DNA to confirm a target's guilt before he kills them. His dead adoptive father Harry, a policeman, created the code after recognizing Dexter's problem when he was very young. Harry decided to teach Dexter to focus his urges on killing killers who would otherwise escape justice in the legal system. He creates the steps Dexter must take to keep from being caught. In the present, Harry sometimes serves as his mental partner, discussing cases and always reminding him of the code. Before his death, Harry had also charged Dexter to take care of his stepsister Debra - she is unaware of Dexter's secret and his complete lack of feelings, but they try to be close to each other. Season one features the Ice Truck Killer, who intrigues Dexter personally. The killer finally reveals their surprising connection, but when he seizes Debra, Dexter has to kill him. In season two, the bodies Dexter had been dropping from his boat are discovered. He scrambles to cover his tracks as the department searches for the Bay Harbor Butcher. He is drawn to a woman who eventually reveals her sinister side. In the finale, events allow Dexter to frame a dead police department member as the Butcher. In season three Dexter is ready to kill a target, but is surprised by another man in the house. Dexter is forced to kill him, but it turns out he is related to a public official. Rita announces she is pregnant. As Dexter pursues The Skinner killer, a person discovers Dexter's secret and begins ordering Dexter to kill certain people. Dexter marries Rita. Season four features the Trinity killer, as well as Dexter's exhaustion facing the demands of being a husband and father. The season ends with the death of a major character. Season five revolves around the Barrel Girl murders. Dexter finds and releases the only victim who lived, and she insists on helping him take down the guilty men. Dexter enjoys her company, but at the end she explains she has achieved her goal and will walk away from their relationship. Without knowing their identities, Debra tracks them down but decides they have done the world a service, and lets them go free, sight unseen. Season six focuses on the Doomsday killer, who connects his kills to religion. In the season finale, Debra walks in just as Dexter stabs the killer. In season seven, Dexter admits to Debra that he is a serial killer. LaGuerta privately re-opens the Bay Harbor Butcher case. The Ukrainian mob becomes a special nuisance. Hannah McKay also appears, but Dexter ultimately lets her go free. In the finale, Debra is forced to kill an innocent person to preserve Dexter's secret. In the final season, Debra is a shambles from her guilt. Dr. Vogel, a psychologist who specializes in psychopaths, joins the police pursuit of The Brain Surgeon, and privately reveals to Dexter her past connection to him. Meanwhile, Dexter forms a serious relationship with a woman from his past. He realizes he is experiencing emotions, and that his need to kill has vanished. They decide to take Dexter's son and leave Miami forever. In the season finale, a major character dies and Dexter realizes he has destroyed everyone who came in contact with him. 
 Ghost Ship (2002)541) A salvage crew discovers a long-lost 1962 passenger ship floating lifeless in a remote region of the Bering Sea, and soon notices that its long-dead inhabitants may still be on board. After discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the Bering Sea, salvagers claim the vessel as their own. Once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor, a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship, which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature. EliMai In a remote region of the Bering Sea, a boat salvage crew discovers the eerie remains of a grand passenger liner thought lost for more than 40 years. Once on-board, the crew must confront the ship's horrific past and face the ultimate fight for their lives. ahmetkozan This 2002 movie is about an allegedly demon possessed 1962 vintage ocean liner that has been floating adrift for 40 years. It is not for the faint of heart as this flick has a very dark atmosphere. Let's put it this way. At the beginning of this movie, you learn that being short has its advantages. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens aboard an Italian ocean liner, Antonia Graza, in May 1962. Dozens of wealthy passengers enjoy dancing in the ship's luxurious ballroom while a beautiful Italian woman sings "Senza Fine." Away from the party in an outer room, a gloved hand pulls a switch that unravels a thin wire cord from a hidden spool. Suddenly, the spool snaps and the wire slices across the deck (dance floor) like a blade, bisecting the dancers. A number of them remain alive for several seconds before grasping that they have been cut in half. Only little Katie, dancing with a ship's officer (the Captain), is spared, thanks to her small stature and to the captain leaning down on her when he saw the wire snap. Seeing the fate of the other dancers, she looks up at the officer's face. He looks back at her sorrowfully, as his face splits open at mouth level and the top of his head falls off. Katie then screams, the view from the outside of the ship zooms down underwater, and the film cuts to the present day. A salvage crew has retrieved a sinking ship in the open ocean. They bring the ship into port and receive its salvage value from the authorities. While celebrating their success at a bar, Jack Ferriman, a Canadian Air Force pilot, approaches them and says he has spotted a mysterious vessel running adrift in the Bering Sea. Because the ship is in international waters, it can be claimed by whomever is able to bring it to a port. The crew soon set out on the Arctic Warrior, a small tugboat. While exploring the abandoned ship, they discover that it is the Antonia Graza, an Italian luxury liner that disappeared in May 1962 and was believed to be lost at sea. The ocean liner's disappearance was well known at the time. When they board the ship and prepare to tow it to shore, strange things begin to happen. Maureen Epps claims to have seen a little girl on the stairwell while trying to save a crewmate from falling through the floor. Greer claims to have heard the singing of an unseen songstress in various places on the ship. Epps and Ferriman discover the corpses of another team of salvagers in the ship's laundry room. The crew decide to leave the ship but take the large quantity of gold that they find on board. Their tugboat explodes from a tank of propane that mysteriously is opened as the engine is started, killing Santos, who was trying to fix the boat, and leaving them stranded on the ghost ship in the Bering Sea. As they decide to attempt to fix the Antonia Graza and sail it back to land, more and more crew members are killed, as they discover more dark secrets about the ship, including bullet holes in the pool, and a skeleton hanging by a noose in a wardrobe. Maureen Epps meets a young girl named Katie who was seen at the beginning of the movie dancing with the Captain who reveals a dark secret: the crew turned on the passengers and each other in an attempt to get the gold that the ship carried. It is revealed that the skeleton hanging from the noose is Katie, who was on her way to New York to be with her parents. Katie takes Maureen momentarily back to the past, where Epps finally sees what had happened. While the numerous dancers were sliced by the wire, the chefs in the kitchen were murdered and the crew began pouring rodent poison into the evening's food. The food was served, and it is obvious that people begin to succumb to the poison as their mouths dripped with foam. The crew begins taking the lives of the rest of the passengers, including Katie, as it dawns that it was Katie's skeleton Epps found earlier. The murderous crew also line some passengers by the pool and shoot them (accounting for the shell casings and bullet holes). As the crew begins to take the gold, one crew member (an officer) walks out of the small compartment where the valuables are stored. He takes a look at Francesca, the ship's sultry ballroom singer, who is also standing there dressed in a shimmering red satin strapless ballgown, turns around, and viciously murders his fellow crewmates out of greed with a submachine gun. Francesca then shoots him in the head with a pistol. At last, a man walks up to Francesca and they embrace. As he walks away, the singer looks up and sees a large hook swing into her face, killing her. The man burns a mark into her hand, and it is revealed that he, the mastermind of the attack, was Jack Ferriman, an evil spirit. After this enlightenment, Epps decides to blow up the ship, but is confronted by Ferriman, who has killed the last remaining of Epps' crew. He states the obvious - by using the gold as bait, he has taken multitudes of souls to his masters; he has been doing this for a long time, and considers himself a "salvager" of souls. He guided the salvagers there merely to effect repairs. They fight for a short amount of time before Epps manages to blow up the ship, "killing" Ferriman. She is left in the debris as the souls trapped on the ship ascend to heaven; Katie stops to thank her. Epps is discovered by a large cruise ship and taken back to land. The last scene shows Epps in the back of an ambulance at the docks. She looks out the back of the vehicle from her stretcher and sees the battered crates of gold being loaded onto the cruise ship by the her former crewmen, followed moments later by Ferriman. He glares at her, and carries on, her screams cut short by the ambulance doors closing and the fade to the end credits. 
 Wrong Turn (I) (2003)651) Chris and a group of five friends are left stranded deep in the middle of the woods after their cars collide. As they venture deeper into the woods, they face an uncertain and bloodcurdling fate. Chris Flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city. However, an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and Chris looks for an alternative route through the mountains of West Virginia to accomplish his schedule. Due to a lack of attention, he crashes another car parked in the middle of the road with flat tires. Chris meets a group of five friends, who intended to camp in the forest, and they decide to leave the couple Francine and Evan on the place, while Chris, Jessie, Carly and her fianc Scott tries to find some help. They find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere, where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of monsters live. The two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chris Flynn is driving through the backwoods of West Virginia on the way to an interview when he has an accident with a group of five friends, writing off his car. Their car is also damaged, so four of them set off to find help, leaving two behind to watch the cars. One by one they get picked off by a bunch of mutated inbred hillbillies. grantss In a throwback to 1970's horror films such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Hills Have Eyes", "Wrong Turn" is an independently-made horror film about a group of five youths on a hiking trip in the Appalachains of West Virginia who become prey to a family of cannibalistic mountain men who have become horribly disfigured through generations of in-breeding. ahmetkozan Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom where stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nesteled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. Scott Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of five friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom are stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nestled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. ************************************************************************************************************************************************************** The movie begins with two college students, Halley (Yvonne Gaudry) and Rich (Joel Harris), who are rock climbing in the West Virginia Forest. Rich reaches the top, and looks at the view, while Halley continues to climb. Halley starts to struggle and falls, but her climbing line catches her. She calls for Rich to pull her up to the top of the cliff, but he doesn't respond. She sees Rich, lying dead, and then his body is thrown off the cliff. Then, someone starts to pull Halley up the cliff by her climbing line. She cuts the line and falls, landing on Rich's dead body. She manages to escape, and sees the trees moving and eerie laughs are heard. Halley almost reaches her car, but she trips over a piece of barbed wire, and is pulled back into the woods by an unseen force, screaming. Chris Flynn (Desmond Harrington), a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man. The old man gives him directions to the other route, then shows Chris a map detailing where to go. Chris takes the dirt road and drives off. As Chris is driving, his car begins to lose control and crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie (Eliza Dushku), Carly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), her fianc Scott (Jeremy Sisto), and a couple, Evan and Francine (Kevin Zegers and Lindy Booth). Jessie find a piece of barbed wire in the woods that was tied to a tree across the road after their tires were punctured. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to the woods to find help. Chris joins them, while Evan and Francine stay with the cars. After Evan and Francine partake in a round of oral sex, Evan starts to fix their car, while Francine gets in Chris' car. While Evan is fixing the car, he hears a sound from the woods and goes to investigate. After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker and gasps as she finds Evan's severed ear. As Francine stumbles back, a figure wraps barbed wire around her mouth, tearing it open. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go into the cabin and discover miscellaneous objects: barbed wire, car keys, odds and ends, and human body parts on the refrigerator and in the bathroom. They are horrified and try to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all whom are disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine's dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is butchered and partially eaten. As the cannibals fall asleep, the friends walk silently and reach the door. Chris holds the door open so Jessie, Carly and Scott can get out safely. As Chris keeps the door open, he checks the cannibals to make sure they are still sleeping. Unfortunately, "Saw-Tooth" (Gary Robbins) awakes and Chris runs. Jessie notices this, and she, Carly, and Scott run quickly with him. "Saw-Tooth" alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them. The group hides in a clearing with many cars, which they realize are the cars of the mutants' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg with a shotgun. Scott saves him by using himself as a decoy, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the cannibals' trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they try to find Scott. Carly sees Scott in the forest. As Scott starts to get in the truck, he is shot three times in the back with arrows. The arrow almost hits the others, and Chris forces Jessie to drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott's dead body and take it back to their cabin. Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot, but Carly stays and is still depressed from Scott's loss. Jessie and Chris comfort her and they continue to walk. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up, and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. They see the cannibals, who are armed with torches and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding their call, alerting the cannibals. The cannibals shoot and destroy the radio through the window. After the cannibals climb the ladder and get into the watchtower, they set it on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but "Three Finger" (Julian Richings) has already climbed up the tree before them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly rests. Chris and Jessie make it to the other tree, but unfortunately "Three Finger" sneaks up behind Carly and slices her head in half with an axe and her body falls through the trees, as Chris and Jessie watch in horror. They escape from the cannibals and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Jessie wakes up from a nightmare, as Chris comforts her. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is killed by an arrow in his eye from the woods. Chris jumps into the police truck and tries to drive away, but cannot find the keys. Chris hides and watches as the cannibal loads up the Sheriff's body into the truck and drives it back to the cabin. Chris hitches along by hanging onto the underside of their truck. When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a dog leash, crying. As she is about to get killed, Chris, driving the police truck, drives through the cabin and into "One-Eye". Chris unties Jessie, and Jessie shoots "Saw-Tooth" in the back with an arrow. She and Chris also fight "Three Finger", and finish him off by hitting him with an axe. Chris and Jessie notice that the cannibals are still alive, and they quickly go outside. Chris has only one shotgun shell left, which he shoots at the truck, blowing up the cabin with the cannibals still inside. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and destroys the map to the cannibals' cabin, so no one will ever go into the woods again. Chris gets back into the truck, as Jessie drives for the woods, and the credits roll. The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Unfortunately, "Three Finger", who survived from the explosion, comes up behind the deputy and kills him. The scene fades to black and insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll. 