nm0006812:

 Out of Line (2001)Summaries A hit man is sprung from jail to kill a socialite, but strikes up a romance with a pretty parole officer instead. Jenny Capitanas (Jennifer Beals) is a parole officer admired by her employers and colleagues. Her best friend is her former police partner, Russell (William B. Davis) and they both do a lot together, with a friendship built on trust, although now Jenny usually works alone. When she gets assigned to a "client" named Henri Brul (Holt McCallany), they both fall in love, but it will take a horrible situation to make Jenny realize who the important people in her life really are. GasmaskProductionsBooks It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Loyal Opposition (1998)Summaries When the U.S. President decides to negotiate with a terrorist, a general takes him prisoner in order to launch a military offensive instead. The only one who can stop him is the female Vice President. When a terrorist surfaces, the Chairman of the Joint Chief urges the President for military response. However, the President prefers to try negotiating. So, the General takes the President prisoner and launches an offensive of his own. And the Vice President is the only one who can do something about it. And the Vice President's a woman. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Scary Movie 3 (2003)651) Cindy must investigate mysterious crop circles and video tapes, and help the President in preventing an alien invasion. A mysterious killer video tape is circulating around. One look at this tape and you have seven days left to live. News Reporter Cindy Campbell (Faris) witnesses this video tape and tries to work out a way to prevent her death. But this is not the only mystery to appear. Crop circles have been appearing in the local farm of Tom (Sheen) and George (Rex). With help from Aunt Shaneequa (Latifah), Cindy suspects that the aliens may be linked with the killer tape and must now work out both mysteries before it's the end of the world. Film_Fan The Wayans are back at it again with the third installment of the Scary Movie series. Cindy is forced to confront the evil forces from the popular science fiction thriller Signs and the horror movie The Ring. Hopefully, her long time friend, Brenda, will be there to help out of this mess. Tanquanae Blacknall Cindy, a news reporter watches a cursed videotape and apparently it sets the person who watches die in 7 days. When two local farmers find out mysterious crop circles in their farm, Cindy suspects that it has to do something with the videotape she watched. She must also work with President Baxter to prevent an alien invasion. Roving reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a hard news story in the middle of television sweeps. She soon uncovers an outrageous onslaught of globe-threatening developments including alien invaders, killer videotapes, freaky crop circles, prophecies of The One, eerie-eyed children, ambitious white rappers and even a run-in with Michael Jackson. Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people following her around, Cindy must fight to stop evil from taking over the world yet again. cindy1 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Katy (Jenny McCarthy) and Becka (Pamela Anderson) are talking about a cursed tape in which Katy refers to a sex tape, but Becka refers to a cursed tape (The Ring). After several paranormal events, they die when the television turns on. In a farm outside Washington, D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan (Charlie Sheen) and his clumsy brother George (Simon Rex) are walking through the farm fields when they discover a crop circle (Signs). Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news. She picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody (Drew Mikuska) from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall)is his teacher. George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik (Anthony Anderson) and CJ (Kevin Hart) (8 Mile). Later that evening, George competes and proves to be actually quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and goes to watch TV when it turns on by itself. Brenda starts getting angry at the TV and curses at it. When Brenda turns back around, the TV is on with a well on the screen. Tabitha (Marny Eng) climbs out of the well and the TV, Brenda gets into a fist fight with Tabitha in the living room while Cindy pays no attention to her. Tabitha ends up killing Brenda. George receives a phone call about the death, and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom's wife Annie (Denise Richards). During Brenda's wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda's corpse trying to bring her back to life. George ends up blowing up Brenda to which the attendees of Brenda's funeral start screaming due to the random pieces of Brenda landing in their hands. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and finds the tape to be a bit odd. After the tape finishes Cindy is cursed after receiving a phone call. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa (Queen Latifah), the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus (Eddie Griffin) agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, and gets into a fight with a lady on the tape. Shaneequa tells Cindy that she must find the lighthouse to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. After receiving several phone calls from Tabitha, Cindy and George start discussing the tape. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody's life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor's teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris (Leslie Nielsen), who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect (George Carlin). The loquacious (and lecherous) old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm's well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens (voiced by Tom Kenny) arrive but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm's cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha replies with "Nah, I'm just screwing with you," and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married and Brenda makes a special appearance. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them. At first, Cody is about to get hit by Cindy's car in an intersection, but she put the brakes this time to prevent it from happening, much to Cody's relief. Unfortunately, another car passes by on the intersection, and hits Cody. 
 Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (2004)321) A group of smart-talking toddlers find themselves at the center of a media mogul's experiment to crack the code to baby talk. The toddlers must race against time for the sake of babies everywhere. Shortly after the funny adventure of Sly and Whit in Baby Geniuses (1999) , a new batch of intellectual toddlers, Archie, and his friends, Finkleman, Alex, and Rosita, find themselves entangled in a nefarious scheme devised by the powerful media mogul, Bill Biscane. However, this time, the babies have an ally in their battle against evil: the ultra-cool super-hero spy, Kahuna. As he joins forces with the baby-team, a race against the clock begins, to stop villainous Biscane from using his state-of-the-art satellite system to control the minds of the kids all over the world. Can the team of super-baby geniuses save the day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with a group of babies in a day care centre...or something. Archie tells the others (Finkelman, Alex, and Rosita) a story about a super baby called Kahuna. Kahuna rescues kids all around the world. According to Archie, Kahuna rescued a group of children from an orphanage run by the evil (and unbelievably stereotypical) Kane. Kahuna and Kane are archnemesis' and hate each other, but Kahuna always wins their battles. Archie's father Stan, who seems to own the day care centre, is letting it be used as a television set by the evil Biscane (yes, in other words, Kane) who is starting up his own TV channel. Archie notices someone spying on the goings-on at the television set in the bushes, but he isn't sure who it is. However, he begins to believe Biscane is evil. Him and the other babies sneak into Stan's office and decide to check out Biscane, but are spammed. When they hear some of Biscane's cronies approaching, Rosita, Alex and Finkelman run away, leaving Archie by himself. Archie overhears the cronies talking about Biscane's plan, but he doesn't really understand it. However, he accidentally attracts their attention, but before they can get him, he is rescued by, you've guessed it, Kahuna, who is in fact REAL. (Of course.) But then Kahuna leaves and the other babies don't believe Archie. Kylie, Archie's older cousin and Stan's neice, takes them all out to the chidren's museum, but not before bumping into a cronie (who everyone thinks is the film crew) and a disc falls into the pushchair. On the way to the museum they are stopped by loads of Biscane's other cronies. But Kahuna rescues them all, and the babies realise that Archie was telling the truth. Kahuna takes them all to his base in Hollywood, where they meet Zack, whom Kahuna took in years ago. Kahuna's base is in fact a huge playground, and Kylie finds it...weird. (Which it is.) Kahuna transforms the babies into superbabies: Archie is brain boy, Alex is bounce boy, Rosita is Cupid Girl, and Finkelman is Courage boy. But they don't think these super alter-egos fit their personalities, and they tell Kahuna to change them back to normal. Which he does. After convincing Stan and Archie's mother that they (Kylie and all the baies) are okay, Archie asks Kahuna to tell him where he got his powers from. But he refuses...so Archie eavesdrops on Zack and Kylie. Zack tells Kylie that Kahuna's father was a scientist and developed a formula of some sort, which Kahuna drank, and he was transformed into a super baby, but he is stuck as a child forever. (In other words, he's about 70 but stuck in the body of a 7 year old.) Kahuna's brother didn't like it that everyone thought he and his family were freaks. When the father died, despite Kahuna being 18, he was put into an orphanage, but he escaped, and set out to rescue babies and children everywhere, and in the words of Zack, "a legend was born." (As you can see, not cheesy at all.) The next day, Zack and Kylie find the disc that magically managed to travel from the pushchair into Kylie's bag...(or at least that's what it looked like to me.) Zack gives it to Kahuna. Then Zack and Kylie go for a picnic on the hills and they kiss, when Zack gets a message from Kahuna. On the disc is a clip of the programme that is to be aired on Biscane's TV channel, followed by lots of seemingly random code. They FINALLY realise that Biscane is up to no good, and set out to see what is going on. Zack, posing as a policeman, and the babies, watch as Biscane counts down til his channel is to be aired on TV. But Kahuna, who has worked out his plan to control the world (there's a new one) stops him and destroys the satellites- before disappearing. (Oh no.) Archie and the other three don't know what to do- they think they can't go on without Kahuna. But in fact, all they need to do is believe in themselves. They all decide to go and become their super alter-egos-for Kahuna. (As I've said before, not cheesy in the slightest.) With Stan, Archie's mum, Kylie and Zack with them, they return to Kahuna's hideout and become Bounce Boy, Cupid Girl, Brain Boy and Courageous Boy. Then Kahuna arrives, followed by Biscane and his cronies. But after defeating all the cronies, Biscane still gets the disc he needs and begins to air the TV clip on TV. It's also revealed that he is Kahuna's older brother (plot twist of the century) and he hates Kahuna for being their dad's favourite. Now Kahuna and Biscane have always been fighting, ever since Kahuna escaped from the orphanage- Biscane always wanted to be young forever, that's why he hates children, and Kahuna needed to save all the children from his evil brother. Anyway, the babies kick Biscane into the...thing resembling a carousel that transformed them into their super selves and he, wanting to become everything he's ever wanted, presses a button that wasn't there before and becomes a baby, much to his despair. But "thankfully" his cronies promise to look after him. Kahuna reverses the transmission posing as the TV clip Biscane is airing and all the children decide to run outside and play tag. Yes, apparently every child in the world starts playing tag. Now that their work is done, Kahuna tells Archie that he must go and though they'll always be friends, Archie must stay with his family and Kahuna must go and save kids. In the ending scenes, Zack meets his mother (Kahuna had rescued him from...somewhere but Kahuna could never find Zack's parents, so that's why he took him in to live with him.) Zack and Kylie are dating, apparently, and Archie, running outside, sees Kahuna in the flying vehicle who waves at him and yells something about he'll always be a hero. The film ends (thankfully) with Archie waving at the sky and audience members crying in their seats. 