nm0000149:

 Contact (1997)761) Dr. Ellie Arroway, after years of searching, finds conclusive radio proof of extraterrestrial intelligence, sending plans for a mysterious machine. Astronomer Dr. Ellie Arroway has long been interested in contact to faraway lands, a love fostered in her childhood by her father, Ted Arroway (David Morse), who died when she was nine-years-old, leaving her orphaned. Her current work in monitoring for extraterrestrial life is based on that love and is in part an homage to her father. Ever since funding from the National Science Foundation (N.S.F.) was pulled on her work, which is referred to some, including her N.S.F. superior David Drumlin (Tom Skerritt), as more science fiction than science, Ellie, with a few of her rogue scientist colleagues, have looked for funding from where ever they could get it to continue their work. When Ellie and her colleagues hear chatter originating from the vicinity of the star Vega, Ellie feels vindicated. But that vindication is short lived when others, including politicians, the military, religious leaders, and other scientists, such as Drumlin, try to take over her work. When the messages received from space are decoded, the project takes on a whole new dimension, which strengthens for Ellie the quest for the truth. Thrown into the mix are the unknown person who has up until now funded most of Ellie's work and what his motivations are, and Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), a renowned author and theologian, who despite their fundamental differences in outlook, is mutually attracted to Ellie, that attraction based in part on intellect and their common goal of wanting to know the truth. Huggo The skeptical scientist Dr. Ellie Arroway (Jodie Foster) researches extraterrestrial life with her team in Puerto Rico. When David Drumlin (Tom Skerritt) shuts-down the project, Ellie seeks for private funds to reopen her research in New Mexico. An anonymous millionaire provides the necessary funds and Ellie proceeds with her work. Four years later, she is contacted by alien forms from Vega that send a coded message. The millionaire, S.R. Hadden (Sir John Hurt) that is financing the research deciphers the message and gives to Ellie the design of an intriguing machine. Ellie concludes that the equipment might be to transport a passenger to Vega. Now she needs to convince a commission formed by military, politicians, scientists, and religious leaders that she is the best candidate for the journey. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After having lost her faith in God irrevocably, the esteemed astronomer, Dr Ellie Arroway, develops a different approach towards the existence of life outside the Earth's confined boundaries. Under those circumstances--as an active member of a dedicated scientist group dealing with radio waves--Dr Ellie hopes that one day, she will confirm her noble expectations by finding proof of extraterrestrial life. Unexpectedly, a cryptic message from deep space containing the blueprints of a puzzling machine rewards her faith and perseverance; however, can she decode its full meaning? In the end, after all this time, is this a direct invitation for an incredible first contact with elusive alien life forms? Nick Riganas This is the story of a free thinking radio astronomer who discovers an intelligent signal broadcast from deep space. She and her fellow scientists are able to decipher the message and discover detailed instructions for building a mysterious machine. Will the machine spell the end of our world, or the end of our superstitions? Will we take our place among the races of the galaxy, or are we just an upstart species with a long way to go? Ed Howell <eon@combase.com> Dr. Eleanor Arroway (Jodie Foster) has spent her life searching for truth in the study of radio astronomy. Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey) has spent his searching for truth through faith in God. When Ellie discovers a stunning message from an extraterrestrial intelligence, they and everyone on Earth will be forced to challenge their own assumptions. In the inevitable first contact, will humankind be able to find a compromise between science and belief? Kasreyn (kasreyn@bloomington.in.us) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a shot of Earth from space and an audio track of various samples of recognizable mass communications from world history. The shot suddenly begins to travel outwards from Earth at impossible speed, passing Mars, the Asteroid Belt of the Solar System, Jupiter, travelling through Saturn's rings and leaving our Solar System. Travel continues even faster, seemingly faster than light, passing the Pillars of Creation in the Eagle Nebula and out of the Milky Way galaxy. The trip passes through another galaxy, finally showing us a field of thousands of galaxies. After a few moments we pass through the iris of a young girl, Ellie Arroway, who is reciting a HAM radio greeting "C-Q" ("seek you") in her bedroom. Ellie has a gift for science and is encouraged by her kindly father to communicate with people in distant cities on her HAM. Ellie makes contact with someone in Pensacola, Florida, her longest communication yet at over a thousand miles from her home near Madison, Wisconsin. That night Ellie asks if she could ever have a transmitter powerful enough to talk to her deceased mother (who died in childbirth). Her father says he doesn't know but suggests that Ellie is tenacious enough that she probably could accomplish such a task one day. Ellie's father dies one night while they stargaze. Ellie seems to blame herself for not getting her father his heart medication in time. Ellie grows up to become a brilliant astrophysicist, earns her doctorate and begins her research with SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence Institute) at Arecibo in Puerto Rico. Joining her there is another astrophysicist, Kent, who is blind but has exceptional hearing. At Arecibo, Ellie meets influential spiritual ponderer Palmer Joss (Matthew McConaughey), and has an intense, brief, but detached (on her part) affair with him. One day while looking in a Cracker Jack box, he finds a toy compass and gives it to her, "so she wont lose her way" and that it might save her life one day. Palmer wants to get closer to Ellie in terms of a relationship, but Ellie is more preoccupied with her search for extra-terrestrial life. Shortly after, Ellie is angered when her supervisor, David Drumlin, pulls her team's funding. She gets in a heated debate defending her work, to which Drumlin chastises her for spending time on 'nonsense.' Taking action, Ellie and her team pool together to try and get funding for their project from private sources. Ellie and her team spend 18 months searching, before finding their benefactor in the form of S. R. Hadden (John Hurt), a billionaire investor who had been known for innovation and had fallen out of favor in the scientific community. While giving a presentation to the Hadden Industries board of directors, Ellie becomes confrontational when it seems the board has no interest in funding her project. One of the board members receives an unexpected phone call and tells Ellie that she has her funding. Ellie looks at a nearby observation camera and mouths "Thank you." Hadden's funding allows Ellie to have access to the 'Very Large Array' (VLA) in New Mexico, a facility with 27 large radio antenna dishes which Ellie uses to continue her search. Even here, Drumlin and the scientific community are not far behind. With 4 years of finding nothing, and even though all funding for the project is privatized by Hadden Industries, and because of Ellie's relentless pursuit and reputation for bizarre experiments, the project is still in danger of being shut down after Drumlin convinces the scientific community that it's a waste of resources. Even so, Ellie vows not to quit. One evening, while listening intently, Ellie hears a powerful signal. She and her team analyze the signal which begins to transmit a prime number pattern. They determine that it's emanating from the star Vega, confirmed by others the world over, undeniable and strong in its pulsing power, which is much like a heart beating. Other astronomers in world-wide countries are utilized to record the signal, since the VLA is only aligned to Vega for a certain amount of time. Shortly thereafter, Drumlin inserts himself into the situation, taking credit for Ellie's work. Ellie is also pressured by the president's National Security Adviser, Michael Kitz (James Woods) who wishes to militarize the project, feeling that due to other countries having heard the message, Ellie has compromised national security. The message, however, is transmitted in pulses equaling prime numbers, to wit Ellie explains that mathematics is a universal language, proving the message was not meant strictly for the United States or its government. Kitz and his assistant Rachel Constantine (Angela Bassett) inform the President when a video feed of Hitler is found mixed into the prime number pulse pattern. It is from the 1936 Olympics, the first television signal strong enough to leave the atmosphere, but the implications are threatening. They ponder if the alien intelligence is seeing an ally in Hitler, or merely bouncing the signal back to Earth. Religious right mouthpiece Richard Rank (Rob Lowe) reports that the fundamentalist camp is wary. At the same time, huge crowds of people descend on the VLA compound in New Mexico, trying to hear the signal. Some come for support, others, such as a religious zealot named Joseph (Jake Busey), have come to condemn Ellie and the others, preaching against science and claiming that god exists in Vega. A short time later it is found that interlaced within the TV signal, are a number of pages of digital data, over 60,000 in total. Ellie is then given authority over the deciphering, but after many months, the edges of the pages do not seem capable of lining up. Ellie soon gets her answer in the form of Hadden himself, who meets with Ellie privately. Hadden shows considerable knowledge of Ellie herself, saying that he prefers to know as much as he can about his investments. (One of the video clips he uses is that of Ellie presenting to his corporation's board, indicating that he made the phone call that got Ellie her funding.) Ellie is initially confrontational, saying that Hadden had compromised the security surrounding the project but seems to back off a bit when Hadden tells her he's dying and wants to give something back to the world, which he exploited for decades building his fortune. Hadden then explains that Ellie and her team had been deciphering the pages in only two dimensions. The pages it seems, were created in three dimensions by an intelligence that would work in that manner for efficiency. With this revelation, Ellie is able to find the "primer", or the key to decoding the alien's message. Within the pages, there appear to be some form of blueprints. While Ellie speculates they could be a transport, Kitz and his security detail feel it could be a weapon of some kind, falling back on speculation that any alien life forms would be hostile to mankind. The decryption team is able to determine that the plans are indeed for a type of transport and contain an image of a human-like figure. Construction of the machine is estimated to cost as much as about 300 billion dollars, with a number of countries vying for the ability to join in construction, or to have a representative from their country vie for the chance to travel in the machine. A special panel is convened to select the appropriate candidate for the trip. Ellie is surprised when Drumlin resigns his post to become a candidate. Ellie is also a candidate, and makes it to the final round. Palmer (who is on the panel) cripples Ellie's chances of being selected by asking her if she believes in God. Ellie indirectly answers the question by not stating a direct answer. Her falter is then picked up by Drumlin, who then speaks 'passionately,' using God in his closing remarks. His 'grandstanding' attitude towards the panel works, and he is chosen to go. Ellie feels betrayed by Palmer, who states that he couldn't choose someone who doesn't believe in God. Ellie angrily tells him that she told the truth, whereas Drumlin just told them what they wanted to hear. She then returns the compass he gave her. After a few years of construction the enormous machine is completed at Cape Canaveral, and it's first test-run is televised on all major news networks. While Drumlin is supervising the test from the machine, Ellie is allowed to be part of the test's control team at NASA's Mission Control. All seems to be going well in testing, until Joseph (who Ellie had seen previously preaching against the project at the VLA in New Mexico) is spotted on security cameras in the machine's gantry, dressed in a stolen technician's uniform and with explosives strapped to his chest. Drumlin and a number of men try to subdue him, but Joseph detonates the explosives, destroying the machine and those conducting the test inside the machine, including Drumlin. Ellie returns to the VLA, saddened that her discovery or any chance of making contact appears to have been destroyed. That evening, she is surprised to find a satellite uplink in her apartment. The uplink connects her to the MIR Space Station, which has now become home to S.R. Hadden, as a way to try and slow the terminal cancer that is 'eating him alive.' Happily, Hadden shows Ellie that his company had secretly constructed a second machine in secret on the island of Hokkaido in Japan, and that he wants her to take the trip this time. Ellie is flown to a special ship just off the site, where she is met by the machine's crew, and given a pre-flight rundown, showing her everything from survival gear, to a suicide pill in case she is marooned in space. Shortly before the trip, she is reunited with Palmer, who returns her compass that she gave him during their last meeting. He then reveals that he has come to care about her, and that previously, he hadn't wanted her to go, fearing she might not ever return. Ellie is then put into the transport pod. The startup and running of the machine prove to be very powerful and video/audio contact with Ellie is nearly lost in the tremendous energy the machine projects. She repeats that she's "Okay to go!" and is heard by Kent, who can just make out her voice within the interference. The pod is launched into the center of the machine, she appears to travel through several wormholes, seeing bits of alien machinery, and a city on a distant planet of some kind. At one point, Ellie separates herself from the restraint chair in the pod to retrieve Palmer's compass which had come loose from her neck. The chair breaks violently apart from its fastenings and slams into the pod's side, fulfilling Palmer's prediction that the compass would one day save her life. As Ellie stares through a wall of the pod, its translucency reveals a brilliant, celestial event. Before she realizes it, she drifts to a gentle landing on a sandy beach environment (similar to the one she drew of Pensacola as a little girl). Suddenly, she notices a shimmering image moving towards her. As it draws near, she is shocked to see that it is her father. However, she soon determines that everything (the beach, the image of her Father) is not real, but memories and thoughts taken from her mind by the alien (who has taken on the guise of her Father). He explains that this was a way to allow them to make things more comfortable for her. The alien reveals that the broadcast signal from the 1936 Olympics was how the aliens knew about Earth, and that there are many others out in space. When Ellie asks about the transport system, the alien explains that their race found it, but they have no idea who built it. The alien explains that in examining her memories, that humans feel 'so alone.' But to the aliens the one thing they've found that brings them comfort is each other. The alien explains that Ellie has to go home. However, she tries to ask more questions, but is told by the alien that she has taken the first step, and in time, mankind will make another, and find out more. "That's the way it's been done for billions of years," he explains. The sky above the beach begins to swirl back into another worm hole and she vanishes. The pod lands in the netting at the bottom of the machine. The mission director tells her that there was a malfunction. Asking to know how long she was gone, she is shocked when she's told the pod simply dropped straight through the machine. Footage from a number of video cameras confirms it, and a video recorder that was in her communications headpiece only recorded static. After these events, Kitz resigns from his post as National Security Adviser, and holds an inquiry to find out 'what really happened.' During the inquiry, Kitz assumes that the entire event was a hoax: from the alien message to the construction blueprints. His feelings are that it was all a scheme perpetrated by S.R. Hadden, maybe in some crazed idea to unite the world (Hadden is unable to be presented to the panel, as he has since died onboard MIR, finally succumbing to cancer). Even with Kitz demanding answers, Ellie explains that without any evidence or proof, she firmly believes that she did travel to Vega, and that she did experience the meeting with the other being and wishes she could share the experience with all of humanity. The hearing ends, and Palmer is there to accompany her. Outside the Capitol building in Washington, a number of people are there, many in support of Ellie's theory. As she is put into a car, Palmer is asked his opinion. Stating that since he is a 'man of faith,' he is bound by a different covenant than Ellie. But even so, he does state that he believes her. In the aftermath of the inquiry, Kitz is in a discussion with Rachel Constantine. After discussing the investigation committee's findings, Rachel explains to Kitz how it appears that he overlooked the portion of the report regarding Ellie's video recorder. While Kitz said that it had just recorded static, Rachel has discovered in the report that it actually recorded 18 hours of static, the precise amount of time Ellie believed her journey had taken. Ellie is shortly thereafter given a grant to continue her work. She gives a group of grade school students a tour of the VLA facility. When one of them asks her if there could be life in outer space, she echoes her father's sentiment from when she was young, "If there isn't, then it'd be an awful waste of space." The ending of the film cuts to some time later on. Ellie is still working at the VLA and even more dishes are being built to allow the team to search further into space. A dedication of the movie to the late astronomer Carl Sagan, author of the novel the film was based upon, precedes the closing credits. 
 Taxi Driver (1976)761) A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute. Travis Bickle is an ex-Marine and Vietnam War veteran living in New York City. As he suffers from insomnia, he spends his time working as a taxi driver at night, watching porn movies at seedy cinemas during the day, or thinking about how the world, New York in particular, has deteriorated into a cesspool. He's a loner who has strong opinions about what is right and wrong with mankind. For him, the one bright spot in New York humanity is Betsy, a worker on the presidential nomination campaign of Senator Charles Palantine. He becomes obsessed with her. After an incident with her, he believes he has to do whatever he needs to make the world a better place in his opinion. One of his priorities is to be the savior for Iris, a twelve-year-old runaway and prostitute who he believes wants out of the profession and under the thumb of her pimp and lover Matthew. Huggo The former marine Travis Bickle is insomniac and decides to work as taxi driver in the night shift. Travis is a lonely uneducated man that spends his leisure time watching porn films in the theaters. When Travis sees the gorgeous Betsy working as a volunteer in the campaign for president of Senator Charles Palantine, he has a crush on her. He invites Betsy to drink coffee with him and later he dates her. However he takes her to see a porn Swedish movie and she feels offended and leaves him. Travis unsuccessfully sends flowers for her but she rejects him. Travis meets the young prostitute Iris that is trying to flee from her pimp Sport in his taxi but Sport takes her from the car. Travis also buys several weapons from a dealer and practices shooting. When he meets Iris again, he is resolute to help her. Will Travis succeed in his intent? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Travis Bickle is a lonely, impotent and insomniac ex-marine, who spends his nights driving his taxi throughout the shadowy streets of mid-70's New York City. Travis is fed up with the society he finds himself surrounded by, wishing that a "real rain will come and wash all the scum off the streets". But Travis's personality sees him being unable to connect with virtually anyone, until he becomes infatuated with a blonde campaign worker named Betsy and then later meets an adolescent prostitute named Iris. As Travis grows increasingly more paranoid of his situations, he begins to sees these relationships he develops as 'missions' of which he will need to be the saviour. Kyle Perez In the shadow of bustling Big Apple, Travis Bickle--a depressed former U.S. Marine and a chronically insomniac lone wolf--prowls the night streets of the metropolis' dark underbelly in his yellow cab. A nobody amid nobodies against the backdrop of an increasingly distorted perceived reality, Travis delves deeper and deeper into his world of obsession and vitriolic revulsion, as an endless string of bitter rejections from unobtainable objects of desire; condemned young souls, and even his colleagues, can only lead to a flaming manifesto of violence. Now, as Travis braces up to clean up this filthy city, his hungry and lethal weapons will become the grim messengers of truth. His truth. Nick Riganas New York City taxi driver Travis Bickle constantly, almost obsessively, reflects on the ugly corruption of life around him, and becomes increasingly disturbed over his own loneliness and alienation. In nearly every phase of his life, he remains a complete outsider, failing to make emotional contact with anyone. Unable to sleep night after night, he haunts the local pornography emporiums to find diversion, and begins desperately thinking about an escape from his depressing existence. filmfactsman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Travis Bickle ( Robert De Niro ) goes to a New York City taxi depot where he applies for a job as a driver to the tough-talking personnel officer ( Joe Spinell ). Travis claims that he is an honorably discharged Marine (it is implied that he is a Vietnam Veteran). After making an impression on the personnel officer, Travis gets the job for the night shift due to his chronic insomnia. Via his narrative journal, Travis is soon revealed to be a lonely and depressed young man of 26 years. His origins and hometown are unknown. He sends his parents letters as well as birthday and Christmas cards, lying about his life and saying he works with the Secret Service. Travis spends his restless days alone in his rundown apartment somewhere in Manhattan, or in seedy porn theaters on and off 42nd Street. At one porn theater he tries to make an advance on the concession lady to no avail. He works 12 or 14 hour shifts during the evening and night time hours carrying passengers among all five boroughs of New York City. Sometimes during his breaks, he goes to a local all-night diner to have something to eat or just a few cups of coffee where fellow taxi drivers also hang out during their late-night lunch breaks. One of whom is a self-appointed philosophical type named Wizard ( Peter Boyle ). Wizard talks about the degradation of the night time in the city. Travis barely interacts with the other taxi drivers, mainly speaking awkwardly and shyly when he's spoken to. During taxi driving, Travis spies and becomes infatuated with a woman named Betsy ( Cybill Shepherd ), a campaign volunteer for New York Senator Charles Palantine, who is running for the presidential nomination and is promising dramatic social change. Travis spies Betsy joking with a co-worker named Tom ( Albert Brooks ). Travis works up the nerve to ask her out and Betsy is initially intrigued by Travis. She agrees to a date with him after he flirts with her over coffee and sympathizes with her own apparent loneliness. She compares him to a character in the Kris Kristofferson song "The Pilgrim, Chapter 33." Travis is further revolted by what he considers the moral decay around him. One night while on shift, Iris ( Jodie Foster ), a 12-year-old child prostitute, gets in his cab, attempting to escape her pimp. Shocked by the occurrence Travis fails to drive off quickly enough and her pimp, "Sport" ( Harvey Keitel ), reaches the cab. Sport forcibly grabs Iris away with him and gives Travis a crumpled twenty dollar bill as a bribe not to say anything, which haunts Travis with the memory of his failure to help the girl. During one of his shifts, Travis picks up Senator Palantine himself ( Leonard Harris ) and an aide. He tells the senator he plans to vote for him and the senator, acting like a real politician, tells Travis he learns more from cab drivers than limo drivers. The senator asks Travis "What's the one thing that bugs you the most?" and Travis responds that he would like the next president to "clean the scum off New York City." On their date, however due to his lack of social skills, Travis takes Betsy to a porno theater to view a hardcore Swedish "sex education" film (titled: Language of Love). Offended, she leaves him and takes a taxi home alone. The next day he tries to reconcile with Betsy, phoning her and sending her flowers, but all of his attempts are in vain and she refuses to speak with him. Going back into the campaign office, Travis confronts Betsy and shouts that she will "burn in hell like the rest of them." Rejected and depressed, Travis later picks up a man (director Martin Scorsese ) who appears to be as mentally unbalanced as he is. The man tells Travis to park outside an apartment building while letting the meter run. He tells Travis to look at the woman in the window and tells him that's his wife in her boyfriend's apartment. He tells Travis he plans to kill them both with a .44 Magnum. One evening at the diner, Travis approaches and tries to express his despair to Wizard, but when Wizard makes a half-hearted response to Travis' problems with the teen prostitute and others, Travis angrily responds with: "that's just about the stupidest thing I ever heard." Travis's thoughts turn more violent. Disgusted by the petty street crime (especially prostitution) that he witnesses while driving through the city, he now finds a focus for his frustration and buys a number of pistols from an illegal drug/weapons dealer ( Steven Prince ). Travis develops an ominously intense interest in Senator Palantine's public appearances and it seems that he somehow blames the presidential hopeful for his own failure at wooing Betsy and maybe hopes to include her boss in his growing list of targets. Back at his apartment with his newly purchased guns, he begins a program of intense physical training and practices a menacing speech in the mirror, while pulling out a pistol that he attached to a home-made sliding action holster on his right arm ("You talkin' to me?"). Later, he hangs around a Palantine rally and asks a suspicious Secret Service man about joining the service before disappearing into the crowd. In an accidental warm-up, Travis randomly walks into a robbery in a run-down grocery store and shoots the would-be thief ( Nat Grant ) in the face; adding to the bizarre violence, the sympathetic grocery owner ( Victor Argo ) encourages Travis (who has no permit for his guns) to flee the scene and then proceeds to club the near-dead stickup man to death with a steel pole. Later, seeing Iris on the street, he follows her. Another day later, Travis asks to pay for her time, and is sent to Sport. A tense conversation ensues but Sport sends Travis up to Iris's room. Once in her room, Travis does not have sex with her and instead tries to convince her to leave this way of life behind. The next day, Travis and Iris meet for breakfast at a local coffee shop and Travis becomes obsessed with saving this naive child-woman who thinks hanging out with hookers, pimps and drug dealers is more "hip" than dating young boys and going to school. Iris considers Travis's offer but then Sport seduces and convinces her to stay, while (seemingly) Travis spies into the window from his cab. Travis writes a note to Iris including all his money and stating that he doesn't intend to survive. Any lingering doubt in the viewer's mind about Travis Bickle's sanity is obliterated when he is suddenly and shockingly shown to be sporting a crude Mohawk haircut at a public rally. He creeps through the crowd and prepares to assassinate Senator Palantine but is spotted by Secret Service men and flees. Travis returns to his apartment to collect all his guns, then drives to "Alphabet City" (an area of New York's Lower East side consisting of Avenues A through E). He walks up to Sport and confronts him. When Sport flicks a lit cigarette at him, Travis says "suck on this" and shoots Sport in the belly. Storming into the brothel, Travis blows the bouncer's hand off. Sport, who has followed Travis, grazes Travis neck with a bullet (causing an arterial gush from his neck) but Travis unloads one of his guns into Sport, killing him. Travis again shoots the screaming bouncer who follows him up the stairs, slapping him. Iris' mafioso customer shoots Travis in the arm and Travis shoots his face off. The bouncer tackles Travis but Travis stabs him through the hand and finally kills the bouncer with a bullet to the brain. He then calmly tries repeatedly to fire a bullet into his own head under his chin but all the weapons are empty so he resigns himself to resting on a convenient sofa until police arrive. When they do, the blood-soaked Travis mimes shooting himself in the head and then blissfully thinks of the mayhem and carnage in his wake. A brief epilogue shows Travis recuperating from the incident. He has received a handwritten letter from Iris' parents who thank him for saving their daughter, and the media (in newspaper clipping) hails him as a hero for saving her as well. Travis blithely returns to his job and suddenly seems on more friendly terms with the other cabbies. One night one of his fares happens to be Betsy. She comments about his saving of Iris and Travis' own media fame, yet Travis denies being any sort of hero. He drops her off without charging her. As he is driving off, he gets a strange look on his face and adjusts his cab's rear view mirror, giving the impression that his irrationality is about to break through again. 
 The Brave One (2007)761) Struggling to recover emotionally from a brutal assault that killed her fianc and left her in a coma, a radio personality begins a quest for vengeance against the perpetrators that leaves a bloody trail across New York City. Erica Bain is a happy radio host from a city she loves and with a fianc she adores. However, a brutal attack in New York's Central Park changes her life forever, leaving her in a coma for 3 weeks and her fianc dead. In an attempt to feel safer after the attack, she buys a gun. However New York does not feel the same as it did anymore and Erica has several encounters where she is not afraid to use her new gun. Everyone is talking about a vigilante and Erica is forced to talk about them too on her radio show... Abby Erica hosts a successful radio show in New York City. When she and her fianc take their dog for a walk in the park one evening, three thugs viciously attack them. Erica awakens from a coma and in the weeks that follow Erica attempts to re-enter her former life, but grows paranoid with fears she will be attacked again. She buys an illegal gun for protection and is soon forced to use it in self-defense. Overwhelmed by the emotions that follow in the wake of these events, Erica begins placing herself in dangerous situations and leaves behind a series of unsolved shootings the press attribute to a vigilante killer. During this time period, the homicide detective who had originally investigated her fianc's death befriends Erica, and we watch events unfold as the detective's pursuit of the vigilante killer continues. - written by: R. Merriman <wyldberi@msn.com> One can tell that Erica Bain loves New York City - where she lives - by the poetic way she speaks on her local radio show about the walks she takes around the city. That all changes when, out for a walk with her fianc David Kirmani and their dog one evening, they are viciously attacked and beaten, she left in a coma for three weeks and he who succumbs to his injuries. One of three perpetrators filmed the incident on his cell phone. Finding it difficult to feel safe anymore especially in the bureaucratic manner the police deal with her case, she, in need of that immediate feeling of safety, illegally purchases a 9mm handgun on the black market for protection. While she does use it for protection - she killing someone who would have killed her otherwise - she, out of that situation, begins a vigilante killing spree. In the course of doing their respective jobs, Erica meets Homicide Detective Sean Mercer, who has been assigned the lead in investigating the vigilante killings. They end up striking a friendship in which he opens up about the frustrations of his job and life, including often wanting to take justice into his own hands, especially with the crimes which are known but which convictions for one reason or another are not in the offing. Their chats embolden Erica, who still is struggling emotionally with who she felt she had to become, a woman totally foreign to the pre-attack Erica. Regardless, she may let that vigilante side of her new self take charge until she is able to bring her and David's three attackers to what she considers justice. Huggo Three silent weeks after that fateful late-night encounter with a gang of muggers in a dim-lit Central Park underpass, the once-happy New York City talk jockey, Erica Bain, is about to discover that everything she holds dear is now gone forever. Crippled by fear, in the heart of a now-grotesque city, Erica summons up the courage to walk out the front door and buys a concealed carry semi-automatic pistol, only to use it later that night. But, blood demands more blood, and as Erica becomes increasingly addicted to looking for trouble, offering herself as bait, her bloody path of vengeance catches the unwanted attention of a highly divided crowd and Detective Mercer. Now, the loaded gun in Erica's hand becomes the judge and the jury, and the thin line between right and wrong starts to fade away. In a cruel, mad world, is vigilantism the only answer? Nick Riganas The day that radio essayist Erica Bain selects wedding invitations, her fianc is murdered and she brutally assaulted while walking their dog in Central Park. Upon release from hospital, she buys an illegal handgun. When she witnesses a shooting in a convenience store and is stalked by the killer, she kills in self-defense but flees the scene. More incidents follow that she could have avoided. She walks the night streets a vigilante, a stranger to herself. A detective, Mercer, notices her and becomes her friend as he hunts for the killer. How long before he figures it out? Meanwhile, the methods of the police start to pay off in finding her fianc's killers. What now? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, radio host Erica Bain (Jodie Foster) and her fiance David (Naveen Andrews) are viciously attacked by three men while walking their dog in Central Park; the men film the assault on their cell phones, and steal Erica's engagement ring and her dog. David dies from his injuries. After being in a coma for several days, Erica wakes up in the hospital and learns that David has died. She finds herself unable to continue her life as normal. Traumatized and living in fear, she attempts to purchase a gun but is denied a sale due to having no gun license. A nearby black market gun dealer overhears her desperation for protection and offers to sell her a Kahr K9 pistol for $1,000. Unwilling to wait 30 days for a legal firearm, Erica buys the handgun from him. One evening while Erica is at a convenience store, a man enters and shoots the store's female cashier to death for the woman is his ex-wife who is suing him for alimony. Hearing Erica's cell phone ring, the man stalks her in the aisles before she kills him with three shots from her semi-automatic pistol. Another night later on a subway car, two black men harass the passengers, all of whom leave except Erica. The men then threaten her with a knife; she shoot and kills them both. Later on, Erica attempts to save a prostitute by threatening her pimp. When he attempts to run them down with his car, Erica shoots him though the windshield in the head, causing his car to run over the prostitute. She is injured but lives. Fueled by rage and a need for vengeance, Erica begins to track down the three men who killed David. Meanwhile, she strikes up a friendship with Detective Sean Mercer (Terrence Howard), who is investigating the vigilante killings around the city, and eventually comes to suspect her when he learns the vigilante is female. Mercer takes Erica with him to interview the prostitute she had saved, but the prostitute does not let on that she recognizes Erica (to protect Erica's identity out of gratitude for saving her life). Erica, after learning of a particularly frustrating case for Mercer, kills the suspect. Mercer privately indicates to Erica that he suspects her but is struggling with what to do about it. The police ask Erica to identify one of the suspects in her attack; though she recognizes the assailant, she does not identify him (vowing to kill the thug herself). She is later informed the police have found her engagement ring at a pawn shop, and goes there to get a name, address and phone number of who sold it to them. She tracks down one of her attacker's ex-girlfriends. The woman is initially too frightened to reveal her boyfriend's whereabouts, but she later sends Erica the video recording of her attack and his address. Erica forwards the video onto Mercer. Erica tracks down all three men, and confronts and kills two of them before freeing her dog. She struggles with the third attacker who gains the upper hand just as Mercer arrives. As Mercer attempts to arrest the attacker, Erica retrieves her weapon and prepares to execute him. Mercer persuades Erica to lower her gun, but after looking into her pleading eyes, hands her his own gun to use instead, and Erica shoots him dead. He then insists that Erica wound him with her gun, which she does, allowing them to frame her attackers for the vigilante killings. Mercer then places her gun in the last attacker's hand and Erica leaves. In the final shot, Erica is walking through Central Park joined by her dog. 
 The Silence of the Lambs (1991)761) A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims. F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) works hard to advance her career, while trying to hide or put behind her West Virginia roots, of which if some knew, would automatically classify her as being backward or white trash. After graduation, she aspires to work in the agency's Behavioral Science Unit under the leadership of Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn). While she is still a trainee, Crawford asks her to question Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a psychiatrist imprisoned, thus far, for eight years in maximum security isolation for being a serial killer who cannibalized his victims. Clarice is able to figure out the assignment is to pick Lecter's brains to help them solve another serial murder case, that of someone coined by the media as "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine), who has so far killed five victims, all located in the eastern U.S., all young women, who are slightly overweight (especially around the hips), all who were drowned in natural bodies of water, and all who were stripped of large swaths of skin. She also figures that Crawford chose her, as a woman, to be able to trigger some emotional response from Lecter. After speaking to Lecter for the first time, she realizes that everything with him will be a psychological game, with her often having to read between the very cryptic lines he provides. She has to decide how much she will play along, as his request in return for talking to him is to expose herself emotionally to him. The case takes a more dire turn when a sixth victim is discovered, this one from who they are able to retrieve a key piece of evidence, if Lecter is being forthright as to its meaning. A potential seventh victim is high profile Catherine Martin (Brooke Smith), the daughter of Senator Ruth Martin (Diane Baker), which places greater scrutiny on the case as they search for a hopefully still alive Catherine. Who may factor into what happens is Dr. Frederick Chilton (Anthony Heald), the warden at the prison, an opportunist who sees the higher profile with Catherine, meaning a higher profile for himself if he can insert himself successfully into the proceedings. Huggo Perplexed by a string of grisly murders elaborately executed by the elusive mass-killer nicknamed "Buffalo Bill", the vulnerable and untried F.B.I. trainee, Clarice Starling, is assigned by the Special Agent, Jack Crawford, to assist in the manhunt. Hoping to attain a clearer perception of the psychopathic serial killer's modus operandi, the young investigator reluctantly accepts the help of another hideous monster: the brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic mass-murderer, Dr Hannibal Lecter. Now, with every visit to the manipulative doctor's heavily reinforced prison cell, Clarice delves just a little bit deeper into the dark mind of a homicidal maniac; however, how far is she willing to go to unearth pure evil? Nick Riganas Young F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) is assigned to help find a missing woman to save her from a psychopathic serial killer (Ted Levine) who skins his victims. Clarice attempts to gain a better insight into the twisted mind of the killer by talking to another psychopath: Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who used to be a respected psychiatrist. F.B.I. Special Agent Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn) believes that Lecter, who is also a very powerful and clever mind manipulator, has the answers to their questions and can help locate the killer. However, Clarice must first gain Lecter's confidence before the inmate will give away any information. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster), a young intelligent F.B.I. trainee, has been sent to the Baltimore state hospital for the criminally insane to interview an inmate, Dr. Hannibal "the cannibal" Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a brilliant renowned psychiatrist turned infamous psychopathic serial killer. She must match wits with Lecter, who has the darkest of all minds, and trust him to give her clues in the search for "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine), a nickname given to a loose, unknown, unstoppable psychopathic serial killer. ahmetkozan A psychopath known as "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine) is kidnapping and murdering young women across the Midwest. Believing it takes one to know one, the F.B.I. sends trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) to interview a demented prisoner who may provide psychological insight and clues to the killer's actions. The prisoner is psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a brilliant, murderous cannibal who will only help Starling if she feeds his morbid curiosity with details of her own complicated life. This twisted relationship forces Starling to not only confront her psychological demons, but leads her face to face with a demented, heinous killer; an incarnation of evil so powerful, that she may not have the courage, or strength, to stop him. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Promising FBI Academy student Clarice Starling is pulled from her training at the FBI Training Facility at Quantico, Virginia by Jack Crawford of the FBI's Behavioral Science Unit, who tasks her with presenting a VICAP questionnaire to the notorious Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a brilliant forensic psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial murderer. After learning the assignment relates to the pursuit of vicious serial killer Buffalo Bill, Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane and is led by Dr. Frederick Chilton to Hannibal Lecter, a sophisticated, cultured man restrained behind thick glass panels and windowless stone walls. Although initially pleasant and courteous, Lecter grows impatient with Starling's attempts at "dissecting" him and viciously rebuffs her. As Starling departs, another patient flings fresh semen onto her face, enraging Lecter who calls Starling back and offers a riddle containing information about a former patient. The solved riddle leads to a rent-a-storage lot where the severed head of Benjamin Raspail is found. Starling returns to Lecter, who links Raspail to Buffalo Bill and who offers to help profile Buffalo Bill if he is transferred to a facility far from the venomous, careerist Dr. Chilton. Hours and miles away, Buffalo Bill abducts Catherine Martin, the daughter of United States Senator Ruth Martin. Starling is pulled from Quantico and accompanies Crawford to West Virginia, where the body of Bill's most recently-discovered victim resides. In the plane taking them to the town, Crawford asks Starling what she sees in the file on Buffalo Bill. She says that Bill is a male, definitely white and that he's getting better at his work since he's "developed a taste for it". At the coroner's office, Starling helps perform the autopsy and extracts the chrysalis of a Death's-head Hawkmoth from the victim's throat. When the victim is turned over for further examination, they find that two large, diamond-shaped strips of flesh have been flayed from her body. Having already spoken to Lecter about how Bill flays his victims, this detail is recorded by Starling. At Quantico, as news of Catherine Martin's abduction sweeps the country, Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Hannibal Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps profile Buffalo Bill and rescue Catherine Martin. Instead, Lecter begins a game of "quid pro quo" with Starling, offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill in exchange for events from Starling's traumatic childhood. Unaware to both Starling and Lecter, Dr. Frederick Chilton tapes the conversation and after revealing Starling's deal as a sham, offers to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of his own making, one that will make Chilton out as a hero for identifying and tracking down Buffalo Bill. Lecter agrees and following a flight to Tennessee reveals Buffalo Bill's real name, physical description and past address to Senator Martin and her entourage of FBI agents and Justice Department officials. He also insults Martin openly, asking about her breastfeeding of her daughter. Martin orders Lecter back to Baltimore when he spills Buffalo Bill's identity information. As the manhunt begins, Starling travels to Lecter's special cell in a local Tennessee courthouse, where she confronts him about the false information he gave the Senator. Lecter refuses Starling's pleas and demands she finish her story surrounding her worst childhood memory. After recounting her arrival at a relative's farm, the horror of discovering their lamb slaughterhouse and her fruitless attempts at rescuing the lambs -- they screamed as they were being slaughtered, a memory that has haunted Starling her whole life -- Lecter rebuffs her, leaving her with her case file before she is escorted out of the building by security guards. As she reaches for the file, he touches one of her fingers. Later that evening, Lecter escapes from his cell, his two minders distracted by having to move his sketches and tricking them into approaching him too closely. The local police storm the floor, discovering one guard barely alive and the other disemboweled and strung up on the bars of Lecter's cage like an angel. Paramedics transport the survivor to an ambulance and speed off while a SWAT team searches the building for Lecter. As the team discover a body on top of the elevator car, the survivor in the ambulance peels off his own face, revealing Lecter in disguise, who kills the paramedics and escapes to the airport. After being notified of Lecter's escape, Starling pores over her case file, analyzing Lecter's annotations before realizing that the first victim, Frederica Bimmel, knew Bill in real life before he killed her. Starling travels to Bimmel's hometown and discovers that Bimmel was a tailor and has dresses with templates identical to the patches of skin removed from Buffalo Bill's victims. Realizing that Buffalo Bill is a tailor fashioning a "woman suit" of real skin, she telephones Crawford, who is already on the way to make an arrest, having cross-referenced Lecter's notes with Johns Hopkins Hospital and finding a man named Jame Gumb. Crawford instructs Starling to continue interviewing Bimmel's friends while he leads a SWAT team to Gumb's business address in Calumet City, Illinois. Starling's interviews lead to the house of "Jack Gordon," whom Starling soon realizes is actually Gumb, and draws her weapon just as Gumb disappears into his basement. Starling pursues him in the basement, which consists of several rooms, discovering a screaming Catherine Martin in the dry well. The lights in the basement suddenly go out, leaving her in complete darkness. Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night vision goggles and prepares to shoot her when Starling, hearing the clicks of his drawing back the hammer on his revolver, swivels around and shoots Gumb dead. Days later at the FBI Academy graduation party, Starling receives a phone call from Hannibal Lecter, now in the Bahamas. As Lecter assures Starling he has no plans to pursue her, he excuses himself from the phone call, remarking that he's "having an old friend for dinner" before hanging up and following Dr Chilton through the streets of the village. 