nm0004430:

 The Bostonians (1984)Summaries A Boston feminist and a conservative Southern lawyer contend for the heart and mind of a beautiful and bright girl unsure of her future. 19th-century Boston woman dedicated to the suffrage movement, meets a faith healer's daughter, a Mississippi lawyer also has eyes for the young woman. Joyce Kavitsky <Kavitsky@erols.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Utsav (1984)Summaries Based on the circa 2nd century BCE to 2nd Century CE, Sanskrit play "Daridra-Charudatta" by the famous Indian playwright Bhasa, "Utsav" faithfully follows Bhasa's story-line. Vasantasena, a courtesan who dances at the King Palaka's court hides in Charudatta's house while running away from the amorous attentions of the king's brother-in-law. She falls in love with Charudatta, though he is married and penniless. They have an affair. Meanwhile, the rightful heir to the throne - King Palaka's brother - escapes from prison. While he is being pursued by the king's troops, Charudatta helps him. The king's brother-in-law strangles Vasantasena when she refuses to submit to him and leaves her for dead. When Charudatta tries to have her jewels pawned, he is arrested for her murder. What happens to him and the other characters constitutes the final part of the film. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Loha (1987)Summaries Honest and diligent Police Inspector Amar lives a middle-classed lifestyle in Bombay. In his attempt to arrest bandit Sher Singh, he and Inspector Dayal are attacked, Amar survives, but Dayal gets his legs crushed under a truck and becomes wheelchair-bound. Subsequently, Amar arrests local politician, Jagannath Prasad, who not only gets released without getting charged but Amar gets reprimanded, and decides to resign. Shortly thereafter, Sher Singh hijacks a bus and holds the passengers in exchange for 25 of his jailed associates. Dayal's granddaughter, Seema, is amongst them, and Dayal asks Amar for assistance. Amar, along with ex-convict, Qasim Ali, and Karan, a drug-dealer, does manage to rescue them but differences crop up between the trio and they part ways. Then Amar finds out that Qasim and Karan have masterminded a plan to facilitate the escape of the 25 convicts, and decides to confront them. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) An honest police inspector, Amar attempts to seek out the dreaded bandit, Shera but has been unable to do so. When Amar finds out that Shera has abducted a bus load of passengers which include the granddaughter of retired commissioner of police, Mr. Dayal, he recruits two convicts, Karan and Qasim Ali to get even with Shera. But problems begins to crop up between the three especially when Qasim's young son gets kidnap by Shera and he is asked to free 25 of Shera's convicts from jail. It certainly looks like Amar won't able to get his hands on Shera since the three have now part ways and the bus load of passengers lives might left hanging on the balance. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Inspector Amar and Dayal get into a tiff with Dacoit Sher Singh where Amar manages to survive while Dayal looses his legs.Amar later resigns from the police force when a politician Jagganath is set free without any charges whom he arrested .Sher Singh later kidnaps a bus an in return wants the government to release his 25 convict prisoners which also has granddaughter of Dayal who asks help from Amar.Amar then goes for a mission with Qasim Ali and Karan.But the trio will have to face hardships in releasing the convicts as well as getting them to Sher Singh. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vijeta (1982)Summaries Vijeta (The Victor) is the coming of age story of Angad (Kunal Kapoor). Confused like any other teenager trying to find himself and caught in between the marital problems of his mother Neelima (Rekha) and father Nihal (Shashi Kapoor). It is time for him to decide what he wants to do with his life. To select a profession and be someone, Angad chooses to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force. What follows is his struggle to become a victor both with his self and the outer world. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Angad is confused about his career and is caught between the marital problems of his parents. Being the elder son he adopted the Sikh religion and worn a turban. Angad decides to become an air force pilot even though he is afraid of flying. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Angad (Kunal Kapoor) comes from a Hindu family that had pledged their eldest son to be of the Sikh religion, and accordingly Angad had adapted to the turban. He is in training to be a pilot for the Indian Air Force, and he is afraid of flying. He is attracted to Anna Verghese (Supriya Pathak), who is the daughter of his flying instructor (Amrish Puri). Angad must learn to adapt to flying, leaving his mom and dad for long periods of time, as well as try and woo Anna. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 