nm0005527:

 Modern Family (20092020)Summaries Three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. Told from the perspective of an unseen documentary filmmaker, the series offers an honest, often-hilarious perspective of family life. Parents Phil and Claire yearn for an honest, open relationship with their three kids, but a daughter who is trying to grow up too fast, another who is too smart for her own good, and a rambunctious young son make it challenging. Claire's dad Jay and his Latina wife Gloria are raising two sons together, but people sometimes believe Jay to be Gloria's father. Jay's gay son Mitchell and his partner Cameron have adopted a little Asian girl, completing one big -- straight, gay, multicultural, traditional -- happy family. Jwelch5742 Jay Pritchett sits at the head of a large, unconventional family. Now in his second marriage to gorgeous young wife Gloria, Jay has been given something of a second chance. Still, old habits are hard to break, and it's trial by fire as he tries to adapt to life with the same passion and vigor that Gloria exhibits, which are matched by her precocious 12-year-old son Manny. There are culture clashes and a few misunderstandings, but also plenty of sweet victories along the way. Jay's grown daughter Claire and her husband Phil are the proud parents of three kids with whom they want that open, healthy, honest relationship. It's not always easy, especially when you have Haley, a teenage daughter who's growing up a little fast; Alex, a too-smart-for-her-own-good middle daughter; and Luke, a scatterbrained boy. Add to this that Phil is just a big kid himself, even if he does always have the best intentions. Claire is the anchor, trying her best to run a tight ship and determined not to let her kids have the rebellious childhood she had. Claire's brother Mitchell and his partner Cameron are busy raising their adopted daughter Lily. Opposites attract in this household, with Cameron having a wonderfully big personality and maybe a flare for the dramatic, while Mitchell is more buttoned-down. These doting fathers balance each other out and relish their roles as parents developing their own little family. ABC publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hot Pursuit (2015)431) An uptight and by-the-book cop tries to protect the outgoing widow of a drug boss as they race through Texas pursued by crooked cops and murderous gunmen. Rose Cooper is an uptight and by-the-book cop whose name has become synonymous with screw-ups. She's given a chance to redeem herself one day when she is assigned to protect a federal witness, Daniella Riva, the vivacious and outgoing widow of a drug boss. As the two polar opposites race through Texas, they find themselves pursued by everyone from crooked cops to murderous gunmen. However, their greatest obstacle to making this out alive may be themselves as they learn that Cooper has now been considered a fugitive fleeing with Daniella. HenryZ Always keen to follow in her father's footsteps, instead, the mignon, straight-laced, and highly-strung Texan police officer, Rose Cooper, is reduced to a desk jockey. However, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when Cooper is assigned to escort and guard Daniella Riva--the curvaceous trophy-wife of a Colombian drug lord--who is going to testify against an infamous cartel boss. Suddenly--as trigger-happy criminals and corrupt officers of the law are closing in on the two women--the road to Dallas seems very long, and very dangerous, especially when Rose and Daniella can only depend on each other to survive. Will the girls make it in one piece? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Practically since she was a baby, Rose Cooper (Reese Witherspoon) has always tagged along with her father, a respected police officer in San Antonio, Texas, in his police cruiser. As she got older, he let her ride along for some of his arrests. This inspired Cooper to pursue a career in law enforcement. However, as an adult, her drive for her work has made her too intense in her personal life. While out on a date, she scares the guy away after she defensively pulls a gun on him. She chases him down just to give him back his wallet. At the station, Cooper is brought in to meet Detective Jackson (Richard T. Jones). Captain Emmett (John Carroll Lynch) informs Cooper that he will escort Jackson to protect a cartel informant named Felipe Riva (Vincent Laresca) and his wife Daniella (Sofia Vergara) after Felipe decides to testify against notorious cartel leader Vicente Cortez (Joaquin Cosio) up in Dallas. This is Cooper's first job back in the field after her last incident where a few months earlier she saw the mayor's son yell "Shotgun!" while out with his friends, leading Cooper to tase him in a spot where he spilled alcohol and causing him to catch fire. Cooper's name has become a verb synonymous with screw-ups, and she's found a chance to redeem himself. Cooper and Jackson arrive at the Riva home, where Daniella is pissed at her husband for making them targets. Cooper finds her packing a bunch of materials with her. Downstairs, gunshots start to ring out. Two masked men shoot at Jackson and Felipe. The two of them are shot and killed. Cooper runs to the garage to find Daniella hiding in the backseat of a car. Cooper turns the car on and drives away from the scene. She breaks the news of Felipe's death to Daniella, making her wail hysterically. She tries to call for help, but Cooper makes her drop the phone on the road. Cooper pulls the car over, and Daniella grabs her bag to walk away on her own. Cooper handcuffs herself to Daniella to make sure she's close to her. Then a truck plows into the car, spraying a ton of hidden cocaine everywhere. Cooper gets jacked up on coke and gets the truck driver to drive them to a nearby store to get new clothes. The ladies learn that Cooper is now considered a fugitive that has taken Daniella with her. Cooper phones someone at the station to identify the shooters. She notes that one had a longhorn tattoo. The ladies are found by Cooper's fellow officers Dixon (Michael Mosley) and Hauser (Matthew Del Negro). Unfortunately, they're recognized as the shooters since Hauser has the longhorn tattoo. The ladies pretend that Daniella is having her period so they can go to the bathroom and make their escape. They try to sneak out a window, but Dixon is standing watch. Cooper fires her gun to alert them, and giving them a chance to get away. They stow away in the back of a wagon hooked to a truck. There, Cooper inquires about what's in Daniella's luggage. It's a bunch of pairs of shoes that have diamonds on them. Daniella claims they were given to her by her brother before his passing, and it's the only thing she has to remember him by. Cooper tries to get into the truck, until the owner, Red (Jim Gaffigan), comes out with a gun. Daniella tries to make her escape, but comes back for Cooper and defends her by pretending to be her lesbian lover. She starts to uncomfortably grope and make out with Cooper, briefly seducing Red until he accidentally shoots off his finger. Cooper and Daniella then grab another truck and drive away. On the road, the ladies bond a little more, with Cooper admitting that her by-the-books nature has made it difficult for her to find a man. There already happens to be a man sleeping in the back of the truck. The ladies pull over again and find out that the man, Randy (Robert Kazinsky), is a felon with an ankle bracelet put on after he beat the crap out of his sisters' abusive boyfriends. They reach an agreement for Randy to help the ladies if they take off the bracelet. Cooper gets it off, and Randy appears to flirt with her, to Daniella's joy. The three stop at a hotel room for the night. Cooper cuffs Daniella to the bedpost while she goes to Randy's room to get food. She walks in on him naked and eventually succumbs to his charms and kisses him. He goes to get her some food. Cooper goes back to her room to find Daniella aiming Cooper's gun at her. She found Cooper's little notebook which suggests that Daniella wouldn't be smart enough to properly testify. Cooper then learns that the shoes in Daniella's luggage are worth $4 million and that this is how Felipe laundered money. Dixon and Hauser then show up at the door and try to shoot at the ladies as they make their escape. Randy finds Hauser pointing his gun at the ladies, and he starts beating the crap out of him, allowing them to run. The ladies make their escape on a tour bus. The crooked cops chase after them while two of Cortez's thugs follow closely. One of the thugs shoots out the tires of the villains' car, and the ladies manage to bump them off the road. The bus stops, and Daniella punches Cooper's lights out. When she comes to, Cooper sees Daniella walking away with the thugs. She learns that Daniella is working with them as part of her plan to murder Cortez as payback for him killing Daniella's brother. Knowing that he will be free and attending his granddaughter's quinceaera, she plans to get him there. Daniella also arranged for the thugs to kidnap her but did not plan for her husband to die. She cuffs Cooper to a pole and leaves. Back at the police station in San Antonio, Cooper is commended by Emmett for bringing in Dixon and Hauser despite failing the rest of the mission. He tells her to go home, but she knows her mission isn't over. Cooper travels to Dallas and sneaks into the quinceaera as a man to get close to Daniella. She tries to get her to wear a wire so that they can get Cortez to confess to her brother's murder, but a woman walking into the bathroom mistakes Cooper for a pervert and throws her out. She gets back in dressed as a server of the place, running into Emmett and learning he is a bad guy. He tries to make her walk through the kitchen with his gun on her, but Cooper turns the tables by pouring alcohol on him and tasing him so he catches fire. She puts out the flames and knocks him out with a fire extinguisher. Daniella gets Cortez alone in a room and reveals her intentions to kill him. He came prepared with his own gun. Cooper arrives and stops anything from happening. She ties Cortez's hands together and convinces Daniella not to kill him. She sees Cortez drawing his gun, and Cooper shoots him dead. Daniella is pissed at Cooper for denying her the satisfaction of killing Cortez herself until she sees that Cooper took a bullet for her in the arm. Three months later, Cooper goes to pick Daniella up from prison after she serves her time for obstruction of justice. Cooper is no longer a laughingstock and is praised for taking down Cortez. Outside, she presents Daniella with her shoes. They leave together, and Daniella sees that Cooper brought Randy along with her. During the end credits, several bloopers and outtakes from the film are shown. 
 Chef (2014)651) A head chef quits his restaurant job and buys a food truck in an effort to reclaim his creative promise, while piecing back together his estranged family. Carl Casper is an acclaimed chef with a family life that seems as decaying as his artistic freedom. Those frustrations boil over into a raucous viral-videoed public confrontation against a restaurant critic who panned his cooking of food that his boss ordered him to make against his instincts. Now with his career ruined, Carl's ex-wife offers an unorthodox solution in Miami: refit an old food truck to offer quality cooking on his own terms. Now with his young son, Percy, and old colleague, Martin, helping, Carl takes a working trip across America with that truck to rediscover his gastronomic passion. With Percy's tech savvy and Martin's enthusiasm, Carl finds that he is creating a traveling sensation on the way home. In doing so, Carl discovers he is serving up more than simply food, but also a deeper connection with his life and his family that is truly delicious in its own way. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Miami-born Carl Casper is the head chef of Gauloise in Brentwood, California. While popular with his kitchen staff and hostess Molly, the restaurant owner Riva wants Carl to stick to "classics" rather than innovative dishes. Carl has a strained relationship with his tech-savvy preteen son Percy and rich ex-wife Inez. When Carl has the chance to serve prestigious critic and blogger Ramsey Michel, Riva demands he stick with old favorites at the last minute; Carl concedes, leading to a scathing review. On Twitter, Carl insults Ramsey for the review, not realizing that his reply is public, and gains a large Twitter following. Carl comes up with a new menu that his staff loves and invites Ramsey to a "rematch"; however, he quits after confronting Riva, who wants the old menu again.. Los Angeles-based executive chef Carl Casper was once deemed the one to watch within the business. But years working for Riva at upscale Gauloise, Riva who promised him creative control but who has ended up dictating that he cater the menu and his cooking to the tastes of the masses, Carl has lost that promise, although his staff, including his sous chef Tony, the sommelier Molly, but especially one of the line cooks Martin, still admire his talent. Carl may not realize how much this stifling has affected his psyche, that negativity which led to the dissolution of his marriage to Inez, and he having a strained relationship with his and Inez's ten year old son Percy, who only wants to spend quality time with his physically present but mentally absent father in their mandated time together. In being a social media newbie, Carl ends up having a very public breakdown. In the aftermath, Carl, with nothing else he wants to do but be a chef, has to reinvent himself in some manner to get back on his feet. He decides to take Inez up a long standing offer concerning her first husband, Miami-based entrepreneur Marvin who has a hygiene fetish. Despite not fully trusting Marvin, Carl may rediscover his passion for cooking and in the process his passion for life in general, that passion which may bring those things of importance that he has lost in the ten years back. Huggo Carl Casper is a disillusioned chef fed up with his restaurant's management, poor reviews and lack of creativity. After an online battle with a well-known critic leads to further frustration, Carl decides to leave and go solo as a food truck operator in a bid to rediscover his flair for cooking. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Miami born Carl Casper (Jon Favreau) is the head chef at Gauloise restaurant in Brentwood, California. Unfortunately, he is not happy with things at the moment, feeling he's been in a deep creative rut for a long time. Carl has also recently divorced his wealthy ex-wife Inez (Sofia Vergara) and although they are still good friends, his relationship with his tech-savvy 10 years old son Percy (Emjay Anthony) has suffered and gone strained and awkward, mostly because Carl doesn't keep his promises and doesn't allow Percy anywhere near his professional world. When Ramsey Michel (Oliver Platt), a prestigious food critic and blogger announces that he will be at Gauloise this evening, Carl gets excited with all the ideas that flow through his mind about how he could cook a good menu and impress the critic. However, while popular with his kitchen staff and hostess Molly (Scarlett Johansson), Carl butts head with the restaurant owner Riva (Dustin Hoffman) who insists that Carl sticks to his tired old "classics" rather than innovative dishes since they have made the restaurant quite successful so far. Carl reluctantly concedes to cook his "biggest hits" instead of the menu he had in mind. Unimpressed by the food he is served, Ramsey writes a scathing review about the restaurant and even takes personal stabs at Carl in the process. The review goes viral on Twitter. In a moment of anger, Carl, who doesn't understand much about Twitter, replies to Ramsey in what he believes will be a private message but is actually a public reply seen by thousands of people and gains a large Twitter following. Inspired by the war of words he gets into with Ramsey, Carl comes up with a new menu that he spends all night cooking and has his staff taste the next morning. Emboldened by their positive reaction, Carl then invites Ramsey to a "rematch". Unfortunately, Riva confronts Carl again and refuses to let him change the menu at the moment. He also orders Carl to publicly apologize to Ramsey. After Riva gives him an ultimatum, Carl walks out and allows his sous-chef Tony (Bobby Cannavale) to take over his chef duties. At home, Carl prepares the menu he wanted to serve to Ramsey just to get it out of his system. Meanwhile, Tony does his best in the kitchen but Ramsey is unimpressed and starts to tweet bad about Carl again, leading Carl to go to the restaurant, where he publicly berates Ramsey while onlookers film the whole incident. Videos featuring Carl's meltdown go viral, and his professional credentials suddenly evaporates. He tries to hook up with a couple of restaurants but no one is interested in him after all the bad press. Molly encourages Carl to take the opportunity to take some time off, lay low and spend some time with his son. She also adds that Carl hasn't been happy for a long time and shouldn't be cooking for anyone else but himself ever again. His ex-wife Inez, in an attempt to help Carl out of his funk, hires Carl as a nanny to their son while they go on a trip to Miami to visit family. While in Miami, Carl falls back in love with Cuban cuisine and finally agrees to speak with Inez's first husband Marvin (Robert Downey Jr.) to discuss a business proposal about running a food truck, an idea he has been dismissing for a while now. Marvin offers him a dilapidated food truck, and Carl reluctantly accepts. He also finds out that Marvin and Inez spent some time together after his divorce from Inez, which makes him a little jealous. Carl, with some help from Percy whom Inez left with her dad on purpose, starts putting some heavy work on the truck to clean it, fix it and restore it as best as he can. The experience ignites a bond between father and son, especially when they buy equipment to restock the truck. Carl buys Percy his first chef's knife, letting him know he's willing to teach him what he knows. Martin (John Leguizamo), Carl's friend and former kitchen staff from Gauloise, shows up unannounced and offers to work with Carl on the food truck, having just turned down a promotion at Gauloise as soon as he heard Carl had something else going on. Carl hires him right away feeling rejuvenated and passionate about cooking again. After finishing work on the truck, they have a test run with some of Marvin's employees, offering Cuban sandwiches and cerveza for free. Satisfied with their work, Carl and Martin discuss driving the truck back to California and visit some cities along the way when Percy insists on coming with them. The two agree to take him on a road trip. The next day, Martin picks up Carl and Percy after having done a magnificent paint job on the truck and fixed the sound system. He also came up with a name for the truck: "El Jefe" which is the nickname he always gives Carl. And thus, begin their road trip. The three drive the food truck across the country back to Los Angeles, serving top-quality Cuban sandwiches and yucca fries. Unbeknownst to Carl and Martin at first, Percy finds ways to promote the food truck on social medias, attracting crowds everywhere they go, and the truck becomes successful in New Orleans and Austin, Texas, where the daily specials include items made with local ingredients such as beignets, PO' boys and barbecued brisket. Carl also makes an effort to spend some quality time alone with his son and the two keep growing closer. In a moment of pure happiness and excitement at working the truck and how things are going, Carl casually says "I love you" to Inez over the phone which she answers back without thinking. The two share an awkward moment of silence before hanging up. That night, Carl has a heart to heart conversation with his son to let him know how much he enjoyed the time he spent with his son but the summer is about to end and things will probably go back to the way they were before with school and work getting in the way of their time together and he doesn't want Percy to be disappointed if it does. Percy doesn't want things to go back to the way they were so he offers to work the food truck after school and on the weekends with his dad but Carl turns him down, wanting him to focus on school. Back in Los Angeles, soon after dropping his son back at Inez's house, Carl realizes the importance of his relationship with his son and calls him back to accept his offer to help out on weekends and holidays. Some times later, at a food truck event where Carl, Martin and Percy are working together while Inez is taking orders and handling the cash register, Ramsey visits the truck and asks to speak with Carl. Carl explains how much Ramsey's critique hurt him deeply and knocked him out. Ramsey explains that he wrote the bad review because he was disappointed Carl had settled at Gauloise and he knew Carl's creativity did not suit a restaurant which had been serving the same menu for years. He also explains he never meant to hurt Carl, he thought their Twitter war was just for showmanship. He then reveals he sent someone to buy him one of Carl's sandwiches and he loved it. He then leaves with an offer to bankroll a new restaurant where Carl will have full creative control over the menu. Flash forward six months later, the new restaurant is successful but closed at the moment for a private event: Carl and Inez's second wedding. 
 The Smurfs (2011)431) When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world into New York City. When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world and into ours -- in fact, smack dab in the middle of Central Park. Just three apples high and stuck in the Big Apple, the Smurfs must find a way to get back to their village before Gargamel tracks them down. Columbia Pictures From the Creators of Open Season and Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs comes the story of a group of blue people called the Smurfs who are being chased by the evil wizard Gargamel from their village and go to a portal and hide in Manhattan and meet Patrick Winslow. They are lost and need help getting back to their world before Gargamel gets them. Andrew Collins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sophie and her brother Sam discover that the doll their father brought home from Belgium is actually a living and breathing smurf. It's not just any smurf - Its Clumsy Smurf! Sophie tries to get her mom and dad to embrace Clumsy and a family member, but ultimately she realizes what he really wants is to reunite with his fellow smurfs. ***************************************************************************************************************************************************************** As the Smurfs are getting ready for the Blue Moon Festival, Papa Smurf sees in his cauldron a vision of Clumsy Smurf reaching for a dragon wand and the Smurfs in cages while Gargamel laughs. Not wanting this vision to come true, Papa Smurf refuses to allow Clumsy to pick Smurf Roots, but Clumsy disobeys Papa Smurf and ends up unintentionally leading Gargamel and Azrael to the village. The Smurfs all flee for their lives while Clumsy unknowingly runs towards the Forbidden Falls, with Papa Smurf, Smurfette, Grouchy, Brainy and Gutsy running after him. They find him at the edge of a cliff, and while trying to help him up, they are sucked into a gigantic vortex that spirits them to present day New York City. To make matters worse, Gargamel and Azrael follow and the Smurfs end up in the apartment of Patrick and Grace Winslow, a married and expectant couple and their Basset Hound Elway. After clarifying things, the Winslows befriend them and allow them to stay in their apartment. The next day, needing to find a "star gazer", the Smurfs follow Patrick to his work place at Anjelou Cosmetics before he calls Grace to pick them up. However, having extracted "Smurf essence" from a lock of Smurfette's hair, Gargamel also arrives and ends up being treated by Patrick's boss Odile upon using most of his acquired magic to turn her mother young. But Gargamel resumes his search upon recognizing Patrick and following him to the toy store where the Smurfs ran into after finding their star gazer, a telescope. The Winslows manage to save the Smurfs from both the children wanting them and Gargamel, who ends up being sent to jail before he manages to bust out with the aid of house flies. By that time, Papa Smurf manages to calculate the night he and the others can get home. But first, he must figure out the spell to do so. Patrick tells them that there is an old book store in the city near Anjelou Cosmetics as he bonds with the Smurfs after sending what he believed to be his finished advertisement to be published. However, the next day, Patrick learns that Clumsy accidentally attached a blue-moon themed side project and he loses his temper before walking out on both the Smurfs and Grace to save his job. Forced to search on their own, the Smurfs find the store and find the book LHistoire de Schtroumpfs by researcher Peyo, containing the spell to turn the moon blue. But learning of their location, Gargamel sneaks into the book store and finds the dragon wand from Papa Smurf's vision, transferring his magic into it as he uses it to capture Papa Smurf as he sends the others to safety. Though the Smurfs promised Papa Smurf that they won't try to save him and return home, Clumsy and Patrick, having saw the error of his actions, convince them to plan a rescue. At Belvedere Castle, after increasing the dragon wand's power with bits of Papa Smurf's beard, Gargamel finds himself facing all the Smurfs that were summoned to New York by Brainy conjuring the blue moon. As the Smurf army battles Gargamel, Smurfette fights Azrael and saves Papa Smurf before they join the fray. Though Gargamel attempts to break the Smurfs by killing off Papa Smurf, Patrick save him while Gutsy knocks the dragon wand out of the wizard's hand. Clumsy tries to catch it, and to Papa Smurf's surprise, manages to catch it and send Gargamel flying into a trash can and being hit by a bus with the advertisement "Blue Moon" with it before Papa Smurf breaks it. Soon after, the Smurfs take their leave as Patrick receives a call from Odile that he still has his job. Later, while Patrick and Grace have a baby boy, whom they name Blue to honor them, the Smurfs rebuild their village in the style of New York, where the Winslows reside. Meanwhile, Gargamel and Azrael are still trapped in New York. 