nm0006999:

 Spotless (2005)Summaries For Martin Palado, the self-made millionaire, failure is not an option. Since his retirement, Martin's mind has led him to dark obsessions. Posing as a bum, he panhandles on the streets of Denver. When Martin fails at begging, he falls back on his old habit of hiring Jackson Hash to remove his competition. Jackson carries his reputation as a brutal killer proudly. If the money is right, no life is too sacred. After one particularly bloody hit, Jackson has an epiphany about his life. He reforms himself, opening his own business, where he befriends Johnny Stockman and is invited to join his weekly craps game. During the game, Jackson realizes that his life hasn't really come clean, and all their lives are changed forever. Spacedog It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Highwayman (II)211) In 18th century England, a young farmer discovers a tangle of past lies and betrayals when his father dies. He is evicted from the farm he thought was his and turned away from the woman he loves. While seeing her secretly he becomes a highwayman and robs those who betrayed his family. Darlene Cypser Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Highwayman is the story of Will Stiles, the son of a farmer in 18th century England. Will is a dreamer. He spends long days working on the farm with his father but in his little free time he reads his father's old books, books of poetry and adventure. He dreams of knights, pirates and damsels in distress.... He tries his hand at poetry and performs his poems at the local inn to entertain his neighbors and the love of his life, Bess, the landlord's daughter. Bess' father also has dreams, dreams of marrying his daughter to someone rich and powerful, and doubts about Will's character and family. For there are many things about Will's family that Will himself doesn't know. The night before Will's father, Henry Stiles, dies he tells Will about Will's grandfather Sir Malcolm Stiles, a baronet who was falsely convicted of murder and hanged. Will learns that he comes from a family of tainted nobility, and even the farm they live on does not belong to them but reverts to Lord Shafton on Henry's death. Evicted from the farm, kept away from Bess by her father, Will begins to live a double life, working at a neighbor's farm during the day and robbing those who conspired against his father by night. But the forces that sent his grandfather to the gallows gather once again to hunt down this highwayman in a battle that threatens both Will and Bess. When a troop of soldiers captures Bess to trap the highwayman, she sacrifices herself to warn him and in anger Will rides to his death. Yet rumors persist that the highwayman still rides and mysterious deaths occur until Will has his vengeance and is reunited with Bess. 
 Teddy Boy (2015)Summaries A grieving affluent couple draws a visiting tennis player and thief into a savage charade where betrayal becomes its own redemption. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dragon and the Hawk (2001)Summaries Korean martial arts master teams up with US police detective to solve the mystery of his missing sister. Their search leads to a sinister underworld organization that they must battle their way through. Martial arts master, Dragon Pak, comes to the USA seeking his sister, Cindy Pak. Cindy had come to the USA to pursue a modeling career but had stopped writing home. Dragon battles his way past hoods in search of clues to his sister's disappearance. He encounters deadends and people who obviously know something but won't talk. Then he meets police detective, Dana "Hawk" Hawkins, who is investigating the disappearance and death of other young girls in the city. When Dragon and Hawk join forces, their investigation leads them to Edgar Dante and the sinister Therion of "The Order." What have they been doing with these girls? Will Dragon find his sister alive? Darlene Cypser It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 