nm0010723:

 Dog Days (I) (2018)Summaries A group of interconnected people in Los Angeles are brought together by their lovely canine counterparts. Los Angeles, California, is the main and heart-warming scenario where life and fate interconnect five different stories as well as their characters with their respective canine pets: Elizabeth is a famous newscaster of a morning TV show; after a disastrous interview with former basketball player Jimmy, Elizabeth's boss decides to contract Jimmy as co-host due to the high ratings of the interview. On another side of the city, Tara is a waiter of a coffee shop who passes her days talking with her shallow and dog-walker friend Daisy. Tara, who is crazy about the friendly but full of himself vet Dr. Mike, one day meets Garrett, the eccentric and shy owner of an animal care center who is unable to tell Tara that he loves her. Grace and Kurt are a married couple made nervous by the arrival of their first adoptive child, Amelia; they see that the child doesn't seem happy with her new home and her new parents. Dax is a teen in the body of adult, and leader of the aspiring rock band Frunk, who after a visit to his pregnant sister Ruth and her husband Greg, is forced to keep and care for Ruth's dog, despite the building where Dax lives not allowing dogs. Finally Walter, an aging and lonely widower, loses his pet when it escapes from his hand, receiving the unexpected help of a pizza delivery boy named Tyler to find it. As time moves on, things complicate for everyone: Elizabeth and Jimmy start to feel attracted to each other, making their work more difficult, especially after Elizabeth discovers that Jimmy has been hired for a more important job in another channel. Tara accepts Garrett's offer to work as volunteer in his animal care center at the same time she starts to date Dr. Mike; meanwhile Garrett learns that the owner of the building has sold it and he'll lose the center. Amelia finds Walter's dog, which makes her happy, but Grace and Kurt fear that one day Amelia will lose her new friend if the owner appears; Dax is caring for Ruth's dog, although eventually it starts to put order in his life, even as it creates trouble to hide it from his neighbors. Walter decides use his formation as teacher to help Tyler with his academic studies, preparing exams for some Tyler's teachers as Kurt. Unaware for all the people including to her own, Tara's decision to organize a concert to get funds looking for save Garrett's animal care center will cause that all the stories collide between them, revealing as life, fate and dogs are more related than anyone can imagine. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hoodlum (1997)44) Black gangsters in 1930 Harlem fights Dutch Schultz who is trying to horn in on their numbers racket. The film focuses on the war of two gangs in 1930s Harlem for the control of illegal gaming - one headed by black strategic godfather Bumpy Johnson and another by white ruthless hothead Dutch Schultz. Negotiations proposed by white syndicate boss Lucky Luciano never get under way, blood flows and Johnson gets jailed. When Johnson is paroled, he gets the work of enforcer for mighty Stephanie "The Queen" St. Clair. She is also jailed for racketeering and when she leaves she makes him promise "no violence". Anonymous Tells the story of how Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson helped Madame Stephanie St. Clair keep Dutch Schultz from taking over her Harlem numbers racket. Thomas Pluck <stripey@winternet.com> In 1934, the second most lucrative business in New York City is a lottery know to the locals as "the numbers". Someday, Madam Queen, the powerful woman who runs the scam in Harlem, is arrested. Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson takes over the business and must resist against the invasion from merciless mobster Dutch Shultz. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Root of All Evil (2008 )Summaries Commedian Lewis Black holds court over celebrities and other pop culture figures whom he accuses of being "the root of all evil." It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Guitar Center Sessions (2010 )1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Guitar Center Sessions is filmed live in front of a studio audience in the world famous Guitar Center Hollywood Vintage Room. The show gives real music fans a rare peak inside the minds of their idols, with host Nic Harcourts thoughtful, conversational questions drawing out new and intimate details from their storied careers. Audiences hear first-hand accounts from each artist about their personal and musical journeys and the influences that molded them into the icons they have become. 