nm0010963:

 Smoke Signals (1998)321) Arnold rescued Thomas from a fire when he was a child. Thomas thinks of Arnold as a hero, while Arnold's son Victor resents his father's alcoholism, violence and abandonment of his family. Young Native American man Thomas is a nerd in his reservation, wearing oversize glasses and telling everyone stories no-one wants to hear. His parents died in a fire in 1976, and Thomas was saved by Arnold. Arnold soon left his family (and his tough son Victor), and Victor hasn't seen his father for 10 years. When Victor hears Arnold has died, Thomas offers him funding for the trip to get Arnold's remains, but only if Thomas can also go with him. Thomas and Victor hit the road. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Smoke Signals is a humorous yet serious story about Victor, a young man who Director Chris Eyre describes as "trying to forgive his father." The movie gives us a glimpse into the contemporary Native American world, and is created by an almost exclusively Native American cast. The story begins with a glimpse of two baby boys, one barely rescued from a fire which consumes his parents. We briefly see them grow up and learn of the tension between them. They are opposites. The rescued orphan boy Thomas becomes a naive but positive nerd with over-sized glasses, while Victor - who is to embark on a journey of forgiveness towards his father - is proud of his Native American stoicism and seems to find pleasure in confrontation. Victor's father left when he was a boy, and he now learns that his father just died, and his mother sends him to collect the ashes. He is only able to make the trip with Thomas' help, however, and there is a condition which is difficult for him to accept: Victor must swallow his pride and take Thomas with him. The young men are as different as potatoes and strawberries, and through their tension and close proximity they learn from one another - about the world, about Victor's father, and most of all - about themselves. It is an enjoyably paced sentimental and funny film, which gives viewers a look into the Indian culture, and of course - themselves. 
 1491: The Untold Story of the Americas Before Columbus (2017 )Summaries This 8 part series tells us about indigenous peoples of the Americas before the Spanish explorer Columbus arrived. Each episode shows us via re-enactments about a particular subject. We learn about their art, architecture, archaeology, Science and Technology etc. Chris Williams It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kayak to Klemtu (2017)Summaries After her uncle's death, a 14-year-old girl must speak on his behalf against a proposed pipeline that would bring oil tanker traffic to the waters around her hometown in British Columbia. 14-year-old Ella is determined to travel the length of the Inside Passage, along the shores of the Great Bear Rainforest by kayak in order to testify against a proposed pipeline that would see oil tanker traffic through her beloved homeland waters. She's prepared to handle all of the challenges the wildlife, the weather, the water, and her gear have to offer up. The most challenging of all is that she has to bring her dysfunctional family with her. Her neurotic aunt, her cranky uncle, her wayward cousin, and the memory of her late uncle all come along for the ride to make it a fun and amazing adventure. From Tla'Amin to Klemtu, BC, this family navigates their blend of cultures and desires, while their spirits honour the coast as a place for each of us to call home and protect. Knowing of his terminal illness, west coast First Nations Dave Ellis, also known as Bear to family and friends, asked his fourteen year old niece, Ella, before his passing, to speak on his behalf at the last of the hearings, this one to be held in their homeland of Klemtu on the central coast of British Columbia, of the impact of pipelines and west coast oil tanker traffic on First Nations people and their indigenous lands and water. This request is despite Ella, Bear's sister Maureen's daughter, never having lived in Klemtu - she being raised in Vancouver - and being ill-prepared in her own mind to speak on his behalf especially on such an issue of which she has no first hand knowledge. Long having discussed such a trip with Bear to learn more about her ancestral homelands, Ella comes up with the idea to do what should be the just under one month, 500 kilometer kayak trip from Lund, where Bear's cynical brother Don has been managing the family start-up of an oyster shop purchased by Bear to bring the family together, to Klemtu in time for the hearing, Ella planning to scatter Bear's ashes along the way. Maureen okays the trip only on the caveat that Don is the guide. Up for the trip, if not physically but emotionally, is Bear's Causasian widow, Vancouver schoolteacher Cory, and Cory's teenage son Alex, who Bear adopted when they got married, who has been living in Lund with Don working at the shop, but who, instead of going to college, aspires to move back "home" to Klemtu. Convincing Don may be another matter, not only having his hands full with the shop in Lund, but because of his strained relationship with his seventeen year old son Dean, who has been been maintaining his boat in Klemtu during his stay in Lund. Even if Ella is able to make the trip happen, this ragtag group has the obvious obstacle of their collective inexperience which may dictate whether Ella will be able to honor Bear both by getting in touch with the land of her ancestors and providing that testimony at the hearing. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Indian Horse (2017)Summaries Follows the life of Native Canadian Saul Indian Horse as he survives residential school and life amongst the racism of the 1970s. A talented hockey player, Saul must find his own path as he battles stereotypes and alcoholism. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 