nm0000300:

 Ghost in the Shell (2017)541) In the near future, Major Mira Killian is the first of her kind: A human saved from a terrible crash, who is cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. In the near future, human organs are enhanced by the cybernetics technology developed by the powerful Hanka Robotics Corporation owned by Cutter. Dr. Ouelet is responsible for the development of the secret project 2571 of a full mechanical body to be connected to a human brain. She uses the brain of a young woman that lost her parents in a cyber attack as subject of a prototype. One year later, the woman is ranked Major and has joined Section 9, an anti-terrorist division commanded by Chief Daisuke Aramaki, working with agents Batou and Togusa. She needs to use a medicine to help the integration of her brain with the mechanical body and has no recollections of her previous life. When Section 9 hunts down the terrorist Kuze, Major learns the secrets about Hanka Robotics and the experiment she was subjected. Now she faces her ultimate enemy: Kuze, a criminal who has managed to hack into the brains of androids and control them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the near future, humans are augmented with cybernetic improvements to traits such as vision, strength and intelligence. Augmentation developer Hanka Robotics establishes a secret project to develop an artificial body, or "shell", that can integrate a human brain rather than an AI. The sole survivor of a terrorist attack which killed her parents, Mira Killian is chosen as the test subject after her body is damaged beyond repair. Over the objections of her designer Dr. Ouelet, Hanka Robotics CEO Cutter decides to use Killian as a counter-terrorism operative. A year later, Killian has attained the rank of Major in the anti-terrorist division Section 9 commanded by Chief Daisuke Aramaki, working alongside operatives Batou and Togusa. Paramount Pictures Rescued from a devastating terrorist attack, the orphan, Mira Killian, becomes a one-of-a-kind specimen of what begins to be the norm in a not-so-distant future: a cybernetically augmented human whose mind and soul resides in an immaculate synthetic body. As a result, the technologically advanced hybrid--now a resolute counter-cyberterrorism Major--is Sector 9's tip of the spear; however, when peculiar hallucinations interpreted as minor glitches start to bombard Mira's fragmented mind, suspicions will arise. Could those short and spontaneous outbursts be dormant, yet immortal memories of a suppressed past? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the near future, humans have become enhanced with cybernetic upgrades. Hanka Robotics Corporation is the top company in this type of technology, and is on the verge of developing a new kind of cyborg that uses a human brain to function. A woman named Mira Killian (Scarlett Johansson) is being taken into Hanka after an accident. Her brain is placed into the body of a cyborg with greater strength and agility. Once the process is complete, her designer, Dr. Ouelet (Juliette Binoche), speaks to Hanka Robotics CEO Cutter (Peter Ferdinando). Cutter wants to place Mira in Section 9, an anti-terrorism division, but Ouelet feels she is not ready for something like that. One year later, Mira is now known as The Major. She is on the roof of a building listening in on a meeting between Hanka representative Dr. Osmond and an African Ambassador (Chris Obi). The Major receives her orders from Section 9 Chief Daisuke Aramaki (Takeshi Kitano) and works alongside Batou (Pilou Absaek) and Ladriya (Danusia Samal). In the conference, several geisha-bots start to attack the people in the room, leading The Major to spring into action, against Aramaki's orders. She goes invisible and jumps off the roof before swinging into the room and she starts shooting the geisha-bots. One of the geisha-bots hacks into Dr. Osmond's neck and kills him before The Major gets to it. The geisha-bot says "Cooperate with Hanka Robotics and be destroyed." The Major shoots her in the head. The Section 9 team meets with Aramaki to discuss the attack. They learn that the geisha-bots were hacked from a mysterious source, also uttering the same phrase that the geisha-bot said to The Major. The rest of the team leaves but Aramaki talks to The Major about her move by jumping into the room. Aramaki informs her that she still has her ghost (her soul) within her shell (her cyborg body). The Major meets with Dr. Ouelet frequently to repair her body when it has been damaged. The Major has trouble remembering her past, only seeing brief glimpses and flashes. Ouelet dismisses her hallucinations as glitches, but she is shown to care for The Major. The Major and Batou are driving around the city. She mentions what little memory she has of her past, which involves her family dying getting to the country. On the road, The Major sees a hallucination of a burning hut. The Major and Batou meet with Dr. Dahlin (Anamaria Marinca) with the geisha-bot body. The Major deep-dives into the geisha-bot's AI to try and get more answers on the hacker. The Major finds herself walking through a club with distorted images. She is grabbed by the entity, forcing Batou to pull her out of the connection. The Major says she knows where to find the hacker. The Major and Batou go to a Yakuza nightclub with Ladriya. The Major is pulled into a room by two men who force her to dance while she is handcuffed to a pole and is zapped by a cattle prod. The room also blocks a signal for her to communicate with Batou. The Major then starts fighting the men in the room, kicking one out of the room and leading to a shootout that Batou engages in. He and The Major kill a number of goons before they head off to find the hacker. They run toward a room that is really a trap. A bomb goes off that damages The Major's body and blinds Batou. Batou receives cybernetic eyes to replace his damaged ones while The Major's body is repaired. Meanwhile, Cutter meets with Aramaki with anger over The Major doing the deep-dive. Aramaki warns Cutter who he is threatening since Aramaki answers to the Prime Minister and not Hanka. The hacker (Michael Pitt) finds Dr. Dahlin and rips her eyes out before killing her. The Section 9 team finds her body, and The Major pulls a drive out of Dahlin's hand which contains names of other Hanka associates, including Ouelet. They figure she is the hacker's next target. The hacker controls two sanitation workers to ram their truck into Ouelet's car. She survives but the men step outside and try to shoot her. The Major and her partners arrive in time to shoot back at the men. She chases after one man, Lee, as he runs by a body of water. The Major fights him while invisible until Batou shows up and stops her. Lee is interrogated after the hacker's connection is severed. He informs Section 9 that he was on his way to pick up his daughter. The Major shows him a photo of what he sees as his daughter, but is really a picture of himself. They determine that the hacker placed fake memories in Lee's head. The hacker, whose name is learned to be Kuze, then speaks through Lee to threaten Section 9 before making Lee jump to hang himself with the cable around his neck. Section 9 member Togusa (Chin Han) traces the hacker's signal to a hidden location. The Major finds Kuze as he is connected to a network with other humanoid cyborg bodies. Kuze reveals that he was a test subject of Hanka's, but considered a failure and a freak on account of his deformed outcome. The Major sees a tattoo on his chest of the burning hut like in her hallucination. Kuze says that Hanka took control over their lives instead of saving them. The Major confronts Ouelet over the revelation. Ouelet says that there were 98 failed experiments before The Major became the first successful one. The Major appears angry even as Ouelet tries to defend her position. Cutter orders Ouelet to terminate The Major on account of her being a liability. As The Major undergoes the process, Ouelet instead gives her an address so she can find answers for herself. Ouelet allows The Major to escape, so Cutter shoots and kills Ouelet in revenge. Cutter reports to Aramaki that The Major killed Ouelet and that she must be terminated. The Major follows the address to what turns out to be her old home. Her mother (Kaori Momoi) is there, having believed that her daughter ran away and was killed. The Major's real name was Motoko Kusanagi. Her mother does sense a familiar look in The Major's eyes when she looks at her. As she leaves, The Major gets in contact with Aramaki, who informs her that Ouelet is dead and that Cutter says she killed her, though they both know the truth. They allow Cutter to eavesdrop on their conversation as they plan their next move. Cutter sends his men to kill Section 9 members, but Batou, Togusa and Aramaki all survive and kill their attackers. The Major meets with Kuze at a hideout, which resembles the burning hut. They learn that Kuze's real name was Hideo, and they were originally against augmentations with humans and cyborgs. Cutter sends a spider tank to kill The Major and Kuze. However, the spider tank hits Kuze and severely damages him. The Major leaps onto the back of the spider tank and tries to rip its back open. She uses all her strength, causing her arm to rip off as she destroys the spider tank. Kuze offers to merge his ghost with her, but she refuses and he fades out. One of Cutter's snipers rides in on a chopper and kills Kuze. Aramaki sends his own man, Saito (Yutaka Izumihara), to take down the sniper to save The Major. Batou recovers The Major, who is still alive. Aramaki then corners Cutter after having spoken to the Prime Minister. Cutter is charged with Ouelet's murder and crimes against the state. Aramaki contacts The Major and gets her consent to execute Cutter. He shoots Cutter three times as he falls into his own pool. The Major visits her own grave with her mother, who now knows her daughter is still with her. The Major's voiceover states that she knows there will be more like her, but she knows her enhancements do not define her. She then returns to work with Section 9 and leaps off a building to her next mission. 
 The English Patient (1996)761) At the close of World War II, a young nurse tends to a badly-burned plane crash victim. His past is shown in flashbacks, revealing an involvement in a fateful love affair. October 1944 in war torn Italy. Hana (Juliette Binoche), a French-Canadian nurse working in a mobile army medical unit, feels like everything she loves in life dies on her. Because of the difficulty traveling and the dangers, especially as the landscape is still heavily booby-trapped with mines, Hana volunteers to stay behind at a church to care solely for a dying semi-amnesiac patient, who is badly burned and disfigured. She agrees to catch up to the rest of the unit after he dies. All the patient remembers is that he is English, and that he is married. Their solitude is disrupted with the arrival at the church of fellow Canadian David Caravaggio (Willem Dafoe), part of the Intelligence Service, who is certain that he knows the patient as a man who cooperated with the Germans. Caravaggio believes that the patient's memory is largely intact, and that he is running away from his past, in part, or in its entirety. The patient does open up about his past, all surrounding his work as a cartographer in North Africa, which was interrupted by the war. He may not be running from his work as a spy for the Germans as Caravaggio believes, but rather the memory of an affair he had with married Katharine Clifton (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas), the love of his life, and the memory of a promise not totally fulfilled. Hana may also test her theory of her fates with love and death as she embarks on a relationship of her own with Kip Singh (Naveen Andrews), a Sikh from India, whose unit has camped on the now overgrown lawn of the church. Their work entails sweeping for and diffusing mines, the discovery of one such mine which had earlier saved her life. Huggo The sweeping expanses of the Sahara are the setting for a passionate love affair in this adaptation of Michael Ondaatje 's novel. A badly burned man, Count Laszlo de Almsy (Ralph Fiennes), is tended to by a nurse, Hana (Juliette Binoche), in an Italian monastery near the end of World War II. His past is revealed through flashbacks involving a married Englishwoman and his work mapping the African landscape. Hana learns to heal her own scars as she helps the dying man. Jwelch5742 Beginning in the 1930s, this movie tells the story of Count Laszlo de Almsy (Ralph Fiennes), who is a Hungarian map maker employed by the Royal Geographical Society to chart the vast expanses of the Sahara Desert, along with several other prominent explorers. As World War II unfolds, Almsy enters into a world of love, betrayal, and politics that is later revealed in a series of flashbacks while Almsy is on his death bed after being horribly burned in a plane crash. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> A burn victim, a nurse, a thief, and a sapper find themselves in each others company in an old Italian villa close to the end of World War II. Through flashbacks, we see the life of the burn victim, whose passionate love of a woman and choices he made for her ultimately change the lives of one other person in the villa. Not only is this movie a search for the identity of the English patient, but a search for the identities of all the people in the quiet old villa. Sarah Greenberg In a crumbling villa in World War II Italy, during the final days of the European campaign, young, shell-shocked war nurse Hana (Juliette Binoche) remains behind to tend her doomed patient - a horribly burned pilot. Through the gradual unravelling of his life and the appearance of old family friend David Caravaggio (Willem Dafoe) and young Sikh sapper Kip Singh (Naveen Andrews), the question of identity is explored. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with an unseen hand painting a swimming human figure. As the illustration is finished, the background shifts to a desert landscape and the figure blends in with the dunes. A biplane is flying across Northern Africa. In the front seat is a woman who appears to be asleep. The plane is spotted by a military outpost. The soldiers begin yelling in German and open fire on the plane with a flak cannon. The plane is severely damaged. The pilot attempts to pull the woman from the front of the plane but it soon bursts into flame and the man is forced to bail out. His face, arms and chest take the full force of the fire. The man is later found by a small group of Bedouins, who transport him to a camp where a healer mixes a salve from a series of small vials and applies it to the horrific burns on the pilot's face. At a seaside resort in Tuscany in 1944, a British officer is interrogating the same man, whose face and hands have mostly healed but have left him weak, scarred and in need of regular morphine injections to stifle the pain. The pilot is being tended to by a young nurse named Hana. The man admits to being able to speak both English and German and that he can't remember anything before his accident. Finding it very difficult to breathe, he asks the British officer to let him rest. Hana is later seen in a camp near a battle zone in Tuscany donating blood. A nearby patient, who is close to death, asks if there's anyone in the tent from his Canadian home town. Hana's friend Jenny mentions that Hana's fianc is from the same town. The dying soldier says that he was killed a couple of days ago. Hans becomes distraught; she believes she's cursed and that anyone who tries to be close to her dies. The medical unit packs up and heads north through Italy, following the Allied front as they push the German army back into Europe. As the caravan drives along a gravel road, Jenny comes alongside Hana's truck in a jeep, asking Hana for money to spend in the next village. Hana laughingly refuses but still gives Jenny some money. As her jeep zips away it hits a mine and explodes. While a couple of men sweep the road with metal detectors Hana suddenly walks past them toward Jenny's jeep. The mine crew yells for her to stop, telling her she could step on another mine. Hana has spotted a small bracelet belonging to Jenny in the road -- one of them men carefully picks it up and gives it to her. The other man, a Sikh in a turban, goes back to disarming a mine he'd found. Hana decides that she'll take the burned man to a abandoned villa on a nearby hilltop and tend to him until he dies. Her commanding officer is reluctant but also realizes she can use some time off from the front line. He tells her to rejoin the unit in Livorno after the burned man dies. Hana sets about making the bombed-out villa livable and has her patient settled into one of the bedrooms. A stranger shows up, David Caravaggio, whom is missing both thumbs. He claims to be working for the Italian government, disarming local citizens and partisans before they can cause trouble behind the front. Caravaggio brings her some eggs and slyly steals a few vials of morphine that Hana has for the patient. The man in the turban, Kip, also shows up when Hana plays Bach on an old piano. He fires a single pistol shot to stop her so he can inspect the piano, saying that the Germans would place bombs in pianos to kill civilians. Surely enough, he finds one. He says he'll stay with his junior officer, Hardy, and inspect the rest of the house and property for more explosives. Hana jokes with Kip about how her mother always said she'd summon the man she'd marry by playing the piano. The burned patient remembers the time before the outbreak of the war, despite his claim that he has amnesia. Then known as Count Laszlo de Almsy, a cultured and introverted Hungarian cartographer, he was part of an expedition to map the Sahara Desert from the air. Almsy's best friend is Madox, who helps bring in a couple of wealthy benefactors to fund their efforts. The donors are Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton who have also brought another plane that will help expand their expedition. Almsy is leery of Katharine joining them in the desert, but is also very attracted to her. He meets her one day in the Cairo bazaar after she's bought a woven table covering. He insists they take it back to the merchant she bought it from, saying she'd been cheated because she didn't bargain with the man, something the merchants find insulting. She insists they don't bother. Geoffrey flies off to Cairo on business, leaving Katherine behind. The group inspects a remote area where Almsy discovers a hill in the shape of a woman's back, a legend he'd been informed of by an old Bedouin. Nearby he finds a cave filled with ancient drawings of people swimming. The team spends a few days documenting and exploring the cave while Katherine takes the opportunity to paint watercolor illustrations of the swimmers. She offers to paste them into Almsy's worn copy of Herodotus' Histories but he politely refuses, saying the paintings are "too good." She walks away insulted however Almsy is fearful of becoming too close to her. While driving back to Cairo, one of their trucks tumbles down a sand ridge and overturns. Several of the party, including Madox and a couple of injured members, agree to drive back to Cairo for help. Katherine stays behind so as not to weigh down the convoy. That night everyone is forced to take refuge in the trucks while a sandstorm rages. Katherine and Almsy talk about various types of desert storms. Almsy lightly strokes her hair; Katherine doesn't resist. The two fall asleep and miss Madox' return. They then dig out the 2nd truck and begin to dig up supplies that were scattered in the wreck. Katherine tucks a few of her small watercolor paintings into Almsy's copy of Herodotus' Histories. They are interrupted by Madox, who'd set off a flare because he was lost. Back in Cairo, Katharine visits Almsy at his hotel room and the two begin a torrid love affair. In the bath together, they talk about what they missed while in the desert and seem happy until Almsy tells her that she should go back to Geoffrey. Katharine becomes upset and leaves in anger. However, their attraction to each other is too passionate and they continue the affair. At a lavish dinner party that marks the end of their expedition due to the outbreak of World War II and halt to their funding, Almsy arrives late and drunk. He regales the group with an explanation of the censored lyrics to Irving Berlin's "Cheek to Cheek". Though he makes an embarrassment of himself, he calms down and joins the group for dinner. Later he dances with Katharine but their time together is awkward. Geoffrey takes notice of odd behavior in his wife and suspects she may be involved with Almsy. At the villa, Caravaggio confronts Hana, asking some pointed questions about her patient. She mostly refuses, suspicious of his motivations. Caravaggio has his own history, connected to Almsy: he was an important figure working for the Allies before the Nazi campaign in Northern Africa and was hunted by the Germans. While the city of Cairo is invaded by the German navy and Luftwaffe, one of Caravaggio's commanding officers rants about how the Germans were able to make a lightning strike on Cairo using the very maps that Almsy, Madox and the Cliftons had drawn. While standing in a crowd of people being documented by the Germans, Caravaggio tried to leave his line and was captured. He was interrogated for an indeterminate period of time, chained in a small room. A German officer, Mueller, knew that Caravaggio was an Allied spy who operated under the alias "Moose". Demanding he give up the names of his comrades, Mueller cruelly has a Muslim nurse cut off Moose's thumbs with a straight razor. Moose vowed revenge against both Mueller and the man who'd given a picture of him to the Germans. After finding and killing Mueller, believing also that Almsy is the man he's been looking for. Hearing from one of Hana's friends that she was tending to a patient who carried a copy of Herodotus' Histories and was an expert on popular songs, he set out to find her. A romantic relationship begins to develop between Hana and Kip. One evening he takes her into the nearby town of Siena to see the frescoes in the town's cathedral. Kip has arranged a rope and pulley system to lift Hana off the floor to see them up close. Hana is grateful for such a romantic gesture and she and Kip spend an intimate night in the villa's barn. Hardy comes looking for Kip the next morning, saying a large bomb had been found under a nearby bridge. Hana looks very worried, thinking the curse that haunts her will kill Kip. While Kip tries to disarm the bomb, a convoy of Allied tanks and other vehicles roar across the bridge. Kip remains very cool and is able to disarm the bomb, collapsing in relief upon it. The raucous convoy had been celebrating big news: the war in Europe is over. The whole town erupts in in joy, with a group led by Hardy climbing a bronze statue in the main square. Back at the villa, Hana, Caravaggio and Kip are all dancing happily when they see a flash in town and hear an explosion. Kip races to the scene and finds the statue Hardy had been climbing and his friend bloodied and dead. A junior officer explains they were drunk and goofing around when Hardy climbed the statue and a bomb went off. Kip locks himself in the barn for a long period, mourning the loss of his friend. When he finally comes out, he talks to Hana about his friend, about how they were friends but never really spoke of anything too personal. He still wishes to continue his relationship with Hana and will find her when things have calmed down. Almsy relates the final part of his story before his injury to Caravaggio when the latter accuses him of killing Geoffrey and Katharine. Back in the desert, Almsy is finishing the job of packing up the group's base camp near the Cave of Swimmers. Geoffrey had volunteered to fly out and pick him up but on his approach he flies in too fast, seemingly aiming for Almsy. The plane crashes, narrowly missing Almsy. When Almsy reaches the wreck, he finds Geoffrey dead and Katharine in the front seat, badly injured. She tells him that Geoffrey was ranting during the last seconds of their flight, saying he loved her. As Almsy carries her to the cave, she finally admits her love for him and he cries. In the cave, he builds her a fire and binds her broken ankle. He also tells her she has a few broken ribs making it difficult to breathe. He leaves her with a small lantern, his copy of Herodotus and a few pencils. He tells her he'll hike through the desert to find help. He spends three days walking and finally arrives at a British army outpost. Desperate to return to the Cave of Swimmers, he rants about Katharine dying out in the desert, begging the British soldiers to give him a jeep. When he becomes angry and grabs one of them, another hits him, knocking him out. He wakes up shackled in the back of a jeep with the guards claiming, due to his unusual accent, that he might be a German spy. On a train to the Mediterranean coast, he asks if he can use the toilet. He tricks the guard into thinking the door to the toilet is locked and attacks the man, killing him and unlocking himself. He jumps from the train and limps off. He finds the German army in the desert, who happen to have taken possession of Madox' plane. Giving them the maps he and his team had produced, Almsy is able to acquire the plane and enough fuel to rescue Katharine. However, Katharine has already died alone in the cave, having written a last letter to Almsy. He flies out with her body, returning to the opening scene of the story where his plane is shot down by the Germans. Hana visits Almsy one last time in the villa, preparing to give him his morphine. As she prepares another syringe, he weakly pushes the remaining vials to her, silently asking her to inject them all so he'll die. She weeps but does so, a peaceful smile crossing his face. When she joins a small group heading out of the area in a truck, she smiles to herself. 
 Clouds of Sils Maria (2014)651) A film star comes face-to-face with an uncomfortable reflection of herself while starring in a revival of the play that launched her career. The first real professional success for famed French actress Maria Enders was twenty years ago as the co-lead in writer Wilhelm Melchoir's play and subsequent movie "Maloja Snake", he who picked Maria, then an unknown, personally. She played Sigrid, an opportunistic eighteen year old in an emotionally dependent lesbian relationship with forty year old Helena, who was at a vulnerable stage of her life. Maria has turned down the play's upcoming London revival in which she would now play Helena, it remounted by director Klaus Diesterweg. Her reasons for turning down the role are many including: being at a vulnerable stage of her own life going through a painful divorce; remembering the suicide of Susan Rosenberg, the original Helena, following the original run of the play, the suicide purportedly mirroring what happens to Helena; and the painful memories of the production in still having hard feelings toward who was her older male costar, Henryk Wald, with who she had an affair at the time. Maria reconsiders and accepts the role when Wilhelm unexpectedly passes away, she hearing the news en route to the Zurich Film Festival where she was to accept an award on recluse Wilhelm's behalf. Maria begins to regret her decision, largely due to having to work with nineteen year old Jo-Ann Ellis as Sigrid, Jo-Ann a trained actress whose Hollywood lifestyle is making her self-destruct, this behavior which Maria, who hates the Internet and the Hollywood gossip on it, did not know before signing the contract. But what may be most difficult for Maria is the role opening up her own professional relationship and friendship with her younger American personal assistant, Valentine, the two who are staying at Wilhelm's mountain retreat in Sils Maria in the Swiss Alps, where Maria is preparing for the play and where many of the locations were inspiration for the play's themes. Huggo The Clouds of Sils Maria stars Juliette Binoche as Maria Enders, a celebrated actress who is traveling with her personal assistant Valentine (Kristen Stewart) to accept a Lifetime Achievement award for the playwright and director who launched her career. On the way, they learn that the celebrated artist has passed away. At the gala, a talented young director offers Maria the chance to star in a revival of the play that made her famous, this time portraying the part of the older woman that the young woman in the play seduces and destroys. Maria tentatively accepts, and as she attempts to find her way into the other character, she learns more about her new young co-star Jo-Ann (Chlo Grace Moretz), a talented but troubled teen the tabloids have made a fixture due to her tantrums and bad behavior.. At the peak of her international career, Maria Enders is asked to perform in a revival of the play that made her famous twenty years ago. But back then she played the role of Sigrid, an alluring young girl who disarms and eventually drives her boss Helena to suicide. Now she is being asked to step into the other role, that of the older Helena. She departs with her assistant to rehearse in Sils Maria; a remote region of the Alps. A young Hollywood starlet with a penchant for scandal is to take on the role of Sigrid, and Maria finds herself on the other side of the mirror, face to face with an ambiguously charming woman who is, in essence, an unsettling reflection of herself. Cannes Film Festival At eighteen, Maria Enders was successful in theatre with MalojaSnake. She played Sigird, an ambitious girl with disorder charm who fascinated and led to suicide Helena, a mature woman. This role has changed her life. More than twenty years have passed when, at the peak of her fame, she was asked to receive in Zurich a prestigious award on behalf of Wilhelm Melchior, the author and director to which she owes her early recognition, and now lives as a recluse, in Sils Maria (Switzlerland). But the sudden death of the latter, a few hours before the ceremony, puts Maria Enders against the vertigo of time, that is of a past which she hasn't got away with. And even more when a young director in vogue asks her to play again in MalojaSnake, but this time on the other side of the story, Helena's, from the destruction of who she's built her notoriety. Caught in the turmoil of a divorce, which deprives her of any sentimental support, her only interlocutor is her assistant, Valentine, both the multi task assistant and her only friend, even if Maria and Valentine are trying to remove ambiguities of this intimate and exclusive relationship. But the real threat is called Jo-Ann Ellis, a very young Hollywood actress with a scandalous reputation and who'll play Sigrid. At once a rival and a disturbing mirror of her youth, which she will have no choice but to deal with. In order to reconcile with time, with age, with maturity, ending by learning that at all seasons of a life you must conquer freedom, independence and also the strength to be yourself, and sometimes painfully. NoemieS7art Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene shows a young woman named Valentine (Kristen Stewart) on the phone. She is the personal assistant to Maria Enders (Juliette Binoche), a successful French-born international actress. On the phone, Valentine gets a call from someone claiming that Maria is holding up the proceedings of her divorce. Valentine claims that's nonsense, since Maria is the one who started the divorce in the first place. Valentine is seen having to juggle taking calls from two different cell phones. Maria was a character called Nemesis in an X-Men film, but doesn't want to be in any sequels. She tells Valentine that she is sick of acting on wires in front of a green screen, so Valentine is able to get her out of the film and her name off of the IMDB (Internet Movie Database) page for the sequel, as people are constantly blogging about her in the film. Valentine tells her that her fans will be disappointed, but Maria doesn't care. Maria and Valentine are heading to an event where Maria is to accept an award on someone else's behalf. That person is Wilhelm Melchior, a playwright and director, who casted Maria for a role in a play that propelled her to stardom. The play centers on the tempestuous relationship between a young girl and an older woman who is eventually driven to suicide. Later, Valentine gets a call telling her that Wilhelm has passed away. This has now put the ceremony in a different light. The plan was for Maria and Valentine to go to the award ceremony, afterwards they were supposed to head out to Wilhelm's place in Sils Maria, which Maria still insists on going to. In light of Wilhelm's passing, Maria finds out that the people behind the ceremony have invited actor Henryk Wald (Hanns Zischler). Maria really objects to this as she does not get along with Henryk. Maria considers not attending. She changes her mind once its announced that Henryk will accept the award if Maria does not attend. Those putting on the ceremony feel that Wilhelm wrote his work with Henryk in mind for different roles. When they get to Maria's hotel room, Valentine finds out what Henryk is really like. Maria tells her that all Henryk wants is the spotlight. He is perverse, violent and hits women. Henryk wanted Maria, but disliked her when she wouldn't give in to his advances. At the ceremony, Maria gets a call from Rosa, Wilhelm's widow, who tells her that she is glad that Maria is there to accept the award. Rosa also tells Maria what Wilhelm really thought of Henryk, saying the less you understand about him, the better and when you understand nothing about him, hes excellent. Rosa, breaking down in tears, tells Maria that she has to tell her something. It is inferred from Maria's responses that Wilhelm was diagnosed with something life-threatening, but instead of battling it, he instead swallowing something that led to his death. At the event, Maria has a conversation with Henryk when he comes into the lounge area. Henryk tells her that he saw Wilhelm two weeks ago when they went fishing together. Maria tells him that she spent time with Wilhelm and Rosa six months ago. When Henryk says he knew about that, Maria tells him that she doesn't care that he knew. After Henryk leaves, Maria reveals to Valentine that she had an affair with Henryk when they were shooting a movie together. Valentine says she figured so. Maria says that she was only 18 and that he took advantage of her. Henryk soon abandoned her and she didn't see him for 10 years. Afterwards, she hit it big and Henryk became interested in her again. This time, she didn't give in to his advances, which is why there's tension between the two. At the hotel, Valentine arranges a meeting for Maria with Klaus Diesterweg (Lars Eidinger). He is a director planning a remake of Maloja Snake, except this time, he wants Maria to take the role of the older woman who is seduced by the younger woman. Maria tells Klaus that after all these years she still feels like that part is still who she is and doesn't feel right letting someone else take that role. Klaus tells her that Jo-Ann Ellis (Chloe Grace Moretz) will be playing the role of the younger woman. Klaus tells Maria that Jo-Ann has had a smaller career, having done a superhero film that just opened in the U.S., but that she's a lot more interesting than her profile suggests. Klaus tells Maria that Jo-Ann admires her and is willing to opt out of her other commitments in order to do the play with Maria. Maria tells Klaus that, at the current moment, shes in the middle of a divorce and shes feeling alone and vulnerable. So, she doesn't feel like doing this movie. Klaus tells her that he will understand if Maria chooses not to do the movie, but tells her that it will be a missed opportunity, not just for her, but for Wilhelm. Before he leaves, Maria tells Klaus that the actress, who played the older woman in the play, died a year later in a car accident and that she has always associated that with the suicide of her character in the play. Klaus says he remembers her, but remarks that she was a lousy actress who didn't understand a thing about the role. Klaus tells Maria that she should be grateful to her, since her lousy acting highlighted Maria's performance. Maria talks with Henryk as they head back to the hotel. As she is about to go to her room, a drunk Maria gives Henryk her room number. Later on, she stands by her hotel phone, but gives up on him. She takes her tablet out and does a Google search on Jo-Ann. A title card comes on the screen saying: PART TWO Maria and Valentine are headed to Sils Maria. Maria tells Valentine that she shouldn't have said yes to Klaus. Valentine says that Klaus is a good director and the pay is good. Maria says she doesn't need the money. Maria arrives at Wilhelm's house and is greeted by Rosa. Rosa tells her to stay as long as she wants. Rosa and Maria go hiking up the hills of Sils Maria. On another day, Rosa, Maria and Valentine watch one of Wilhelm's old films that he directed. Rosa soon leaves because of all the memories associated there. This leaves Maria and Valentine alone with the house. Later at dinner, Maria and Valentine discuss Wilhelm, when Maria reveals that she was attracted to him, but didn't act on it because it would have ruined their working relationship. Valentine asks her if she was in love in him, Maria says of course she was. After dinner, Valentine tells Maria about Jo-Ann's history. She tells her that there are numerous nude photos of her online and that her boyfriend broke up with her because she couldn't stop getting drunk and cheating on him with his friends in public. Valentine elaborates even more by saying that Jo-Ann went to her boyfriend's house with a gun and he threw her out of his house violently. Maria says that she doesn't sound anything like the way Klaus described her. Valentine continues on saying that Jo-Ann shot up her boyfriends place and was only stopped when the neighbors got involved and subdued her until the police arrived. Jo-Ann chose instead to go to rehab in order to get out of going to jail. Valentine tells Maria that she respects Jo-Ann because shes not afraid to be herself. Maria says there's nothing cool in getting wasted and almost killing their boyfriend. Valentine says that Jo-Ann is probably her favorite actress, to which Maria says you mean more than me? Valentine says that she didn't mean it like that. Upstairs in her room, Maria sees a YouTube video of Jo-Ann confronting a paparazzi cameraman who is following her. In the video, Jo-Ann gets out of the car she is in and throws her purse at the paparazzi's car and threatens to kill him unless he stops following her. She also watches Jo-Ann's DUI arrest video. A third video shows a press junket where Jo-Ann is asked questions about the upcoming play. A reporter asks Jo-Ann who is directing it. She responds Klaus. When they ask her if he has a last name, she responds Klaus. You know, THE Klaus. The reporters there begin laughing at Jo-Ann's response. Visibly embarrassed as to not knowing Klaus last name, Jo-Ann goes on a verbal rant telling the reporter that he needs to do his job and look him up. The next day, Valentine helps Maria with her lines. Later on Valentine and Maria go hiking to a lake, where they end up going skinny-dipping. Valentine says she will have to leave Maria for a few hours so she can go see her boyfriend, Burt. Maria says she'll be okay by herself for a few hours. She is also glad that Valentine has a boyfriend. After Valentine leaves, Maria has a conversation with her agent and tells him that she wishes to be let out of her contract. She tells him that she has practiced her lines, but doesn't wish to do the part. Since she signed a contract, he tells her that if she doesn't, the producers will sue and it will go on for months and months. She asks for him to get her out of it, but he says that it is going to cost a lot. On her way back, Valentine drives through twisty mountain roads in the fog. At one point, she pulls over and throws up. Sometime later, Maria and Valentine go to see Jo-Ann's newest 3D film. Afterwards, they go gambling. After they finish, they eat at the casino. During the meal, they talk about the film. Maria said that she could feel herself losing brain cells watching the movie. Valentine asks Maria if she found Jo-Ann amazing, because she did. Maria said that she played a dumb character. They both agree that she has a screen presence. After having a few drinks during dinner, Valentine gets in the drivers seat and pulls out into a parked car. Maria tells her to hurry up and go. Valentine speeds out of the parking lot. The next day, they both go hiking where they rehearse more of the play. Maria begins to see the play as phony. Valentine believes that plays can sometimes be more real than life itself. After lunch, Maria and Valentine both fall asleep on the mountain. Valentine wakes up and notices that it is almost dark. She wakes Maria up and tells her that its getting dark. Maria tells her that she knows a shortcut that will get them back faster. As it gets dark, Valentine tells Maria that if she doesn't agree with the way she sees things, she doesn't have to keep her around. Maria says that she knows that. She likes having Valentine as her assistant. They eventually make their way to town and they take a bus back to the house. The next day, they practice lines again. Maria still cannot see herself as the older woman character. Valentine tells her that she might be able to if she accepts the part like she did the younger character years ago. Valentine believes that it might be because she is reading the part to Maria. Valentine believes that she is uncomfortable reading the part and that it isn't helping Maria. A few days later, Maria and Valentine go to a hotel to see Jo-Ann. Jo-Ann has come down to officially meet Maria. Jo-Ann is there with her boyfriend, Christopher Giles (Johnny Flynn). Jo-Ann tells Maria that after seeing a movie that she did with Harrison Ford, it inspired her to want to become an actress. Jo-Ann tells Maria that she knows that she wont be as good at the role as Maria was, but she hopes that she doesn't judge her too harshly. She also tells Maria that its incredibly brave of her to tackle the role of the older woman. Maria tells her that its just a job and that she'll be moving on when its over. After the meeting, Valentine heads to the front desk when the attendant asks her if she is still interested in seeing the snake (this is apparently some kind of attraction up in the mountains of Sils Maria). Valentine says that she does. The man at the front desk gives her instructions on how to get there. Maria tells Valentine that Jo-Ann was not like the girl that she was expecting. She says that she was really nice. Valentine tells Maria that Jo-Ann spent the whole evening flattering her and that's why she likes her. Maria says that has nothing to do with it. Valentine says of course not. Valentine tells Maria that Christopher is a well-known writer, who also happens to be married. The next morning, Maria and Valentine are on their way to see the snake, but on the way there, they have an argument about the right path to get there. They get to the top of the mountain where Maria believes that she sees the snake. When she asks Valentine if that is it, she turns around and does not see her anywhere. Maria goes around and calls after her, to no avail. Valentine is gone without a trace. After a short musical interlude, a title card flashes on the screen: EPILOGUE, LONDON, A FEW WEEKS LATER Maria is about to meet Klaus for dinner. On the way to dinner, Klaus tells Maria that Christopher's wife has attempted suicide after learning about her husbands affair. At dinner, Jo-Ann arrives and tells Klaus that Christopher is on his way. Klaus says that is a bad idea, because the paparazzi will be following him and will paint Jo-Ann and Christopher in a bad light. Christopher arrives at the restaurant. Klaus gives Christopher his home address and tells him to meet them there. On the way out, Maria and Jo-Ann get into a limo. The paparazzi follow behind them. At Klaus place, he says that the media is going to crucify Christopher. Jo-Ann says that she will take the blame, even if it means them painting her as a home wrecker. Klaus takes Maria home in a taxi. The next day, Maria is looking over her lines for the play. Her new assistant arrives and asks her if she would be interested in doing a sci-fi film about a mutant. Maria says shell look at the script in a few days and get back to the director. Her new assistant asks Maria if she would like for her to help practice her lines, but Maria declines. It is clear that Maria misses Valentine. On another day, the cast is doing one of the final dress rehearsals for the play. Afterwards, Maria asks Jo-Ann if she could do one scene a particular way. It is a scene where the younger woman leaves the older woman after everything is said and done. The way that Jo-Ann did the scene was that she just walked away from Maria's character. Maria tells Jo-Ann that when she played the character years ago, she made one final glance to the older woman character. Maria tells her that the audience thought it was more powerful. At that point, Jo-Ann says, at that point in the play, nobody cares about the older woman character. Jo-Ann says the character is washed-up. She tells Maria that she is talking about the character and not specifically about her. Through Maria's facial expressions, she does take it as Jo-Ann insulting her. Maria tells her that she still thinks it works, but Jo-Ann doesn't believe that it does. Maria chooses not to pursue it any further. On opening night, Maria meets with the director of the mutant film. Maria says that she doesn't believe that the part works for her, even though he tells her that he wrote the part with Maria in mind. She believes that he wrote the part with a younger Maria in mind. Maria recommends Jo-Ann, but he doesn't want Jo-Ann in the part. He tells Maria that he dislikes this current era with stars like Jo-Ann and viral videos. He wants Maria for the part because she comes from a different era than Jo-Ann. The final scene shows Maria on stage, in character, smoking. It is implied that she has become more like the older woman in the play. 
 Chocolat (2000)541) A French woman and her young daughter open up a chocolate shop in a small remote village that shakes up the rigid morality of the community. When single mother Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) and her six-year-old daughter, Anouk (Victoire Thivisol) move to rural France and open a chocolate shop, with Sunday hours, across the street from the local church, they are met with some skepticism. But as soon as they coax the townspeople into enjoying their delicious products, they are warmly welcomed. Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) and her young daughter Anouk (Victoire Thivisol) are drifters who are met with skepticism and resistance when they move to a conservative town in rural France and open a chocolate shop during Lent. As Vianne begins to work her magic and help those around her, the townspeople are soon won-over by her exuberance and her delicious chocolates, except for Mayor Comte de Reynaud (Alfred Molina), who is determined to shut her down. When a group of river drifters visit the town, Vianne teaches the townspeople something about acceptance, and finds love for herself along the way. J. Lake 1960, small town France. Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche) and her young daughter Anouk (Victoire Thivisol) move into town and open a chocolate shop just as Lent is beginning. The town's small-minded Mayor Comte de Reynaud (Alfred Molina) can't accept this and does his best to shut her down, but her warm personality and incredible chocolates manage to win over many townsfolk. Things get shaken up even more when a group of river drifters, led by Roux (Johnny Depp), stop into town (to the even greater distress of the Mayor) and Vianne takes up with him. Meanwhile, she's been helping Josephine Muscat (Lena Olin) out of her abusive marriage, and her equally freethinking landlord, Amande Voizin (Dame Judi Dench), get together with her grandson, Luc Clairmont Aurelien Parent Koenig), whose mother, Caroline (Carrie-Anne Moss), doesn't approve of Amande's ways. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche), an expert chocolatier, drifts across Europe with her daughter Anouk (Victoire Thivisol). In the winter of 1959, they travel to a tranquil French village that closely adheres to tradition, as led by the village mayor, Comte Paul de Reynaud (Alfred Molina). Vianne opens a Chocolaterie just as the villagers begin observing the forty days of Lent, much to the chagrin of Reynaud. Vianne, who wears more provocative clothing, does not go to church, and has an illegitimate child, does not fit in well with the town's people, but is nevertheless optimistic about her business. Her friendly and alluring nature begins to win the villagers over one by one, causing Reynaud to openly speak against her for tempting the people during a time of abstinence and self-denial. One of the first to fall under the spell of Vianne and her confections is Armande (Judi Dench), her elderly, eccentric landlady. Armande laments that her cold, devoutly pious daughter Caroline (Carrie-Anne Moss) will not let Armande see her grandson Luc because Caroline thinks Armande is a "bad influence". Vianne arranges for Luc and his grandmother to see each other in the chocolaterie, where they develop a close bond. Caroline later reveals to Vianne that her mother is a diabetic, though Armande continues to indulge in the chocolate despite her condition. Vianne also develops a friendship with a troubled woman, Josephine (Lena Olin), who is a victim of brutal beatings by her alcoholic husband Serge (Peter Stormare). After a particularly brutal blow to the head, Josephine leaves her husband and moves in with Vianne and Anouk. As she begins to work at the chocolaterie and Vianne teaches her craft, Josephine becomes a self-confident, changed woman. Under the instruction of Reynaud, Serge seemingly changes into a better man and he asks Josephine to come back to him. Finally happy and fulfilled, Josephine declines. A drunken Serge breaks into the chocolaterie later that night and attempts to attack both women before Josephine, in a moment of empowerment, knocks him out with a skillet. As the rivalry between Vianne and Reynaud worsens, a band of river gypsies camp out on the outskirts of the village. While most of the town objects to their presence, Vianne embraces them, developing a mutual attraction to the gypsy Roux (Johnny Depp). Together they hold a birthday party for Armande with other village members and gypsies on Roux's boat. When Caroline sees Luc, who snuck out to go to the party, dancing with her mother, she begins to see how rigid she is with her son and that his grandmother's influence in his life may not be a bad thing. After the party, Vianne, Josephine, and Anouk all sleep on the boats, where Roux and Vianne make love. Late that night, Serge sets the boat on fire where Josephine and Anouk are sleeping. Both escape unharmed, but Vianne's faith in the village is shaken. Also that night, Luc returns to his grandmother's living room to see that she has succumbed to the complications of her diabetes, devastating both him and his mother. After the fire, Roux packs up and leaves with his group, much to Vianne's sadness. Deciding she cannot win against Reynaud or the strict traditions of the town, Vianne resolves to move to another place. Just before she does so, she goes into her kitchen to see a group of townspeople who have come to love her and the way she has changed their lives, making chocolate for a festival Vianne had planned on Easter Sunday. Realizing that she has brought change to the town, she decides to stay. Despite the shifting sentiment in the town, Reynaud remains staunch in his abstinence from pleasures such as chocolate. On the Saturday evening before Easter, he decides that chocolate is something that will make people stray from their faith in god, so he sneakes into Vianne's house with the idea that he will ruin all of Vianne's preparations for the Easter festival, unfortunately he gives in to the temptation to eat the chocolate and devours the chocolate before collapsing into tears and eventually falling asleep. The next day, Vianne promises not to reveal what happened, and a mutual respect between them is established. Roux returns in the summer to be with her, and despite her constant need for change, Vianne resolves to stay, having found a home for herself and her daughter in the village. 