nm0006826:

 Easy A (2010)871) A clean-cut high school student relies on the school's rumor mill to advance her social and financial standing. After a little white lie about losing her virginity gets out, a clean cut high school girl sees her life paralleling Hester Prynne's in "The Scarlet Letter," which she is currently studying in school - until she decides to use the rumor mill to advance her social and financial standing. Sony Pictures High school student Olive Penderghast (Emma Stone) finds herself the victim of her school's "rumor mill" when she lies to her best friend Rhiannon (Alyson Michalka) about a weekend tryst with a fictional college freshman. Word quickly spreads of Olive's promiscuity and, much to her surprise, she welcomes the attention. When she agrees to help out a bullied friend by pretending to sleep with him, her image rapidly degrades to a more lascivious state and her world begins to spin out of control. As she helps more and more of her classmates and her lies continue to escalate, Olive must find a way to save face before the school's religious fanatic Marianne (Amanda Bynes) gets her expelled and she loses a shot at attaining her own happiness. The Massie Twins In California, the virgin student Olive Penderghast feels anonymous in the high school where she studies. When her best friend Rhiannon invites her to spend the weekend with her family, Olive lies and tells that she will have a date with a nonexistent community college student. On the next Monday, Rhiannon goes to the bathroom with Olive and asks how her encounter was and Olive lies, telling that she lost her virginity in the weekend with her fictitious boyfriend. However, one school mate overhears their conversation and spreads the rumor about Olive's promiscuity. The religious fanatic Marianne blames her and out of the blue. Olive becomes a notorious student. Meanwhile, Olive is studying "The Scarlet Letter" in the English class and she identifies herself like Hester Prynne, the woman condemned by her Puritan neighbors in Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel. Olive discloses the truth to her bullied gay friend Brandon and suggests him to also lie that he had slept with a girl. Brandon asks Olive to help him and she pretends to have sex with him in a party. Then other outcast boys offer to pay Olive to improve their images while Olive's reputation degrades. When Olive loses control of the situation, she needs to take an attitude to revert it. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil All clean-cut high schooler Olive did was lie about losing her virginity to her friend Rhiannon. However, a little lie has drastic consequences, for her peers believe that she is promiscuous. She eventually embraces this reputation by wearing a red A (for adulterer) like Hester Prynne in The Scarlet Letter. Meanwhile, the rumor mill, which spreads lies about her sexual activities with her peers, comes to her advantage. She improves her social standing; whomever other students erroneously believe had sex with her enjoy more popularity, which in turn improves her reputation. Moreover, she receives monetary gifts. However, her reputation takes a toll as she is held liable for something that would cause her to be hated, even when she was not involved in the incident. Ken Living on the outskirts of Ojai North High School's social circles, the bright student and seventeen-year-old nobody, Olive Penderghast, decides to tell a white lie to her best friend, Rhiannon, about an exciting one-night stand. And just like that, Olive's unblemished reputation crumbles to dust, as one harmless little fabrication spins out of control, elevating the mousy and once-invisible girl to the school's most infamous persona. Suddenly, as the tantalising news passes by word of mouth, being popular is not that great of a goal. Will Olive ever manage to clear her name? Nick Riganas At an average high school, boring 'good girl' Olive Griffith, from an ultra-liberal model family, has a crush on Woodchucks mascot Todd, but a big mouth. When a jealous misunderstanding spreads the rumor she had meaningless sex, that accidental 'school slut' reputation changes her life, becoming notorious, which she enjoys enough to sort of play along, despite a warning from the principal. After gay classmate Brandon finds out and convinces her to pretend they had wild sex at a party, so he can stay in the closet, boy virgins learn they can pay her for lady killer lies, which inevitably get out of control. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Olive Penderghast ( Emma Stone ) talking into a web cam about how her little white lie ballooned into an uncontrollable monster. She says she will explain her side, the true side of what occurred. She says that she was a nobody that no one noticed outside her best friend Rhiannon ( Aly Michalka ). Rhiannon wants to go camping with Olive but Olive lies and says she is going on a date. In reality, she just hangs around the house all weekend singing "Pocketful of Sunshine" by Natasha Bedingfield. The following Monday, pressed by Rhiannon, Olive lies about losing her virginity to a college guy. Marianne ( Amanda Bynes ), an overly enthusiastic Christian, overhears her telling the lie and soon it spreads like wildfire. The school has a conservative teen church group run by Marianne who decides that Olive will be their next project. The group's harassment disguised as concern comes to head at an English class run by Mr. Griffith ( Thomas Haden Church ). The class happens to be reading The Scarlet Letter, a novel about adultery and shame. When one of the girls from the church group makes a side comment at Olive, Olive shoots back one of her own. This gets her sent to the principal's office and Olive is given detention. It is there she sees her classmate Brandon ( Dan Byrd ) walking out of the office with a bloodied nose. Later at home, Olive is with her parents and her adopted brother. Her mother Rosemary ( Patricia Clarkson ) and father Dill ( Stanley Tucci ) are very liberal and supportive of their daughter and her choices. Brandon comes over later and propositions Olive; she'll pretend to sleep with him and make him appear straight, when in reality everyone knows he's gay. She agrees and they pretend to have sex at a public party. Afterwards she bumps into an old crush Todd ( Penn Badgley ), whom she almost kissed years ago but instead lied about it when he said he wasn't ready. Now after apparently sleeping with two guys and the harassment starting to get to her, Olive decides to go with the flow. She begins to wear more provocative clothing and stitches a red 'A' to everything she wears. Boys begin to give her gift cards and money to say they've done sexual things with her to increase their own popularity, which only increases her rep. However, things begin to go downhill quickly. Rhiannon, partly jealous of the attention Olive is getting, joins the church group protesting her. Olive is able to reconcile with Marianne but it is destroyed when Marianne's boyfriend Micah ( Cam Gigandet ) gets an STD and says Olive gave it to him. Olive sees Mrs. Griffith ( Lisa Kudrow ) who is crying and confesses that she is the one who slept with Micah. Olive promises to take the blame to save Mrs. Griffith's job and marriage. Olive becomes disillusioned with the fact that though everyone thinks she is sleeping around, no one will take the chance to actually date her. This changes when Anson ( Jake Sandvig ) comes up to her and asks her out. The date goes sour when Olive sees' Rhiannon at the restaurant and remembers that she has a crush on Anson. Olive tries to recover and Anson attempts to pay her off, so she asks what they'll say happened but Anson thinks he will actually get sex and tries to force himself on her. She resists and he drives off. Todd, who works at the restaurant, sees her and offers to drive her home. Todd tells her that he doesn't believe the rumor mill and thinks she's actually great. He remembers how cool she was about not kissing him years ago and wishes she actually was his first kiss (her friend Rhiannon was and he says she was terrible). Olive is touched but says she can't be with him until she sorts out her life. Olive proceeds to go to the boys that propositioned her and tells them to fess up but most deny it, or in the case of Brandon who comes out to his parents, leave town altogether. When she goes to Mrs. Griffith to make her come clean, she refuses to and uses her authority as an adult to make it clear Olive won't be believed over her. Olive runs to Mr. Griffith and tells the truth but immediately regrets how she did it, realizing she just ruined a marriage. To get everything finally in the open, she does a song and dance number at a pep rally and pretends that she will be doing a sex show via web cam with Todd. In actuality (as the whole movie has been an extended flashback) she confesses what she has done. She also makes up with Rhiannon, apologizing for lying. When she is finishing up, Todd comes by riding a lawnmower and tells her to come out. She closes her web cam confession saying she really likes Todd and maybe she will lose her virginity to him in the future but at the end of the day it is no one's business but her own. She leaves the house to kiss him and they ride off from the neighborhood on the lawnmower (a joke Olive made earlier on in the piece where she says "Whatever happened to chivalry? Does it only exist in 80's movies? I want John Cusack holding a boombox outside my window. I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with Patrick Dempsey"). 
 Mystery Men (1999)44) A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillain threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city. In order to generate more endorsement revenue, Champion City's resident superhero Captain Amazing arranges for the release of super villain Casanova Frankenstein, only to be captured by him. The city's fate rests in the hands of seven loser superhero wannabes: the fork-flinging Blue Rajah, the shovel-wielding Shoveler, the possessed bowling ball-hurling Bowler, the flatulent Spleen, the only-when-nobody's-looking Invisible Boy, the mysterious Sphinx, and the perpetually-angry Mr. Furious. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When Captain Amazing (Kinnear) is kidnapped by Casanova Frankenstein (Rush) a group of superheroes combine together to create a plan. But these aren't normal superheroes. They are individuals who are not good enough to be real superheroes. Now, the group who include such heroes as Mr. Furious (Stiller), The Shoveller (Macy) and The Blue Raja (Azaria) must put all the powers together to save everyone they know and love. FilmFanUK In Champion City, would be superheroes like The Shoveler, The Blue Raja and Mr. Furious can't seem to make a difference and impress either the city or its greatest superhero, Captain Amazing. However, when Captain Amazing is captured by his greatest enemy, Cassanova Frankenstein, these stumblebum heroes must join with other superhero hopefuls to save the Captain and the city. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ghost World (2001)651) With only the plan of moving in together after high school, two unusually devious friends seek direction in life. As a mere gag, they respond to a man's newspaper ad for a date, only to find it will greatly complicate their lives. Enid and Rebecca after they finish the high school. Both have problems relating to people and they spend their time hanging around and bothering creeps. When they meet Seymour who is a social outsider who loves to collect old 78 records, Enid's life will change forever. eric from Mexico City Best friends Enid and Rebecca have just graduated from high school, although Enid has to take a summer school art class, which she failed during the regular school year, to graduate officially. Their plan since seventh grade has been not to go to college, but rather move in together after graduating, which now entails them getting jobs to pay for that independence. As Enid is constantly drawing things which she witnesses in her day-to-day life in her notebook for her own pleasure, that art class failing grade is only one demonstration of the contempt both Enid and Rebecca have for anything that is mainstream, which includes the structure of school and most of their classmates. Their "people", as Enid confirms, are the freaks, sickos and weirdos of society. Just for fun, they decide to respond to an "I Saw You" personal ad to see what loser placed the ad, who, he believes in attending the date, would be stood up by the woman for who he is looking. He is forty-something Seymour, who would admit that he beats to his own drummer and too cannot tolerate being with people who he just doesn't understand. Although Enid does not admit to Seymour that she and Rebecca were the ones that answered the ad, Enid becomes his friend based on their shared sensibilities. As Enid and Rebecca move on to the post-graduation phase of their lives, Enid slowly begins to alienate all around her, including Rebecca and possibly Seymour as she subversively begins to direct things in his life to thwart anything that is remotely mainstream. Enid believes that life as she knows it will be all right as long as she has one touchstone which to return, that touchstone which may not be as permanent as she believes. Huggo Enid and Rebecca are best friends having difficulties with the social attitudes of other people. After graduating high school, they decide to get jobs and rent a house of their own. However, Enid needs to attend Arts summer school to graduate but her anti-social behavior makes her lose her job. Meanwhile, Enid and Rebecca play a prank on Seymour, a middle-aged collector of rare 78 records who also has difficulties with relationships. Seymour and Enid eventually become friends. As time goes by, Enid reaches maturity and develops a different view of life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in the summer after graduation, Enid and Rebecca are both outsiders in a world slowly being engulfed by fake 50's diners and Starbucks. Enid must attend an art class to officially graduate high school as Rebecca gets a job. When the two play a mean joke on a much older, geeky record collector, Enid finds a fellow soul and begins to discover the complexities of becoming an adult in the modern world. Ed Williams Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a tale of 'angst' based in 'hicks'ville America with many resident colourful and amusing characters. In essence, a girl-meets-boy story, or rather disillusioned and cynical girl meets socially inept man - a sort of coming of age tale - where the main protagonist - Enid - finds actions have consequences! A refreshingly, (for once) non-lefty story of a teenager's voyage into adulthood and the inevitable emotional/relationship mishaps that occur on the way. A dark story indeed, but nonetheless very much on the nail!!! 
 Intolerable Cruelty (2003)431) A beautiful gold digger matches wits with a shrewd Beverly Hills divorce lawyer who is increasingly attracted to her. Miles Massey, a prominent Los Angeles divorce attorney has everything--and in some cases, two of everything. Despite his impressive client list, a formidable win record, the respect of his peers and an ironclad contract (the Massey pre-nup) named after him, he's reached a crossroads in his life. Sated on success, boredom has set in and he's looking for new challenges. All that changes when Miles meets his match in the devastating Marylin Rexroth. Marylin is the soon-to-be ex-wife of his client Rex Rexroth, a wealthy real estate developer and habitual philanderer. With the help of hard charging private investigator Gus Petch, she has Rex nailed and is looking forward to the financial independence a successful divorce will bring. But thanks to Miles' considerable skills, she ends up with nothing. Not to be outdone, Marylin schemes to get even and as part of her plan, quickly marries oil tycoon Howard Doyle. Miles and his unflappable associate, Wrigley, unwittingly dig themselves in deeper and deeper as they go head-to-head with Marylin. Underhanded tactics, deceptions and an undeniable attraction escalate as Marylin and Miles square off in this classic battle of the sexes. Sujit R. Varma Divorce attorney Miles Massey has everything, a jet, a jet washer, three gardeners (or "those little lawn people" as he puts it), and even a marriage contract (The Massey Prenup) named after him. He seems to be unstoppable and completely invincible. That is, until he meets the beautiful, dangerous Marylin Rexroth. After being completely destroyed in court, Marylin formulates a plan that puts Miles in a position where he doesn't know what to do. For the first time in his life, he doesn't have what he wants the most. tigerchick5655 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Soap opera producer Donovan Donaly comes home to find his wife, Bonnie, getting it on with a pool cleaner named Ollie. Donaly brandishes a gun to shoot Ollie, but his wife stabs him in the bum with his own pointy Lifetime Achievement Award trophy. Ollie and Bonnie run away while Donaly shoots at them from a balcony, later taking pictures of his wounded behind as proof that his wife attacked him first. Miles Massey is the U.S.'s top divorce attorney, creator of the Massey Pre-Nup, a prenuptial agreement which has never been successfully challenged, meaning that no party to it can benefit financially in the event of a divorce. Massey becomes Bonnie's lawyer, assuring her he will win the divorce case and leave Donovan with nothing. During a trial hearing, Massey confides to his associate, Wrigley, that he is in the throes of a mid-life crisis, and is feeling bored with life. He compares himself with Attila the Hun, Ivan the Terrible, and Henry the VIII, all of whom destroyed all their opponents. Miles has done everything, seen everything, bought everything; he is seeking the ultimate challenge. Meanwhile, Rex Rexroth is having a sexual role-play session with a blonde temptress in a cheap motel when private investigator Gus Petch bursts into the room with a video camera and records everything. He brings the video to Rex's wife, Marylin, who remains very calm and reveals that the video is her ticket to wealth and independence. While Rex tries to talk to Marylin, she sends her Rottweilers to chase him off their property. Rex seeks counsel from Miles Massey, who assures him that, despite the video, he will win the divorce case. Marylin consults with her girlfriends, fellow wealthy serial divorces, including Sarah Sorkin, who warns Marylin to beware of Miles Massey. After Marylin and her lawyer, Freddy Bender (), fail to reach an agreement with Miles, Rex, and Wrigley on a divorce settlement, Miles asks Marylin to dinner, where he decides that she is the challenge he's been looking for, and hires Gus Petch to take pictures of her diary. Later, in divorce court, Miles exposes Marylin's calculating life by presenting a witness named Baron Von Espy (), who testifies that she asked him several years ago to find her a rich husband who could be easily manipulated. Having wound up with nothing from the divorce, Marylin swears revenge on Miles and contacts Donovan Donaly, now living on the street, to help her; while meanwhile Miles's boss, Herb Myerson (), congratulates and praises him lavishly for his fine work. Soon after, Marylin shows up at Miles's office with her new fianc, oil millionaire Howard D. Doyle (). She signs the Massey Pre-Nup and invites Miles to their wedding. During the ceremony, Howard rips up the pre-nup and eats it in a flamboyant demonstration of his love. But not long after the wedding, Marylin divorces Howard and takes most of his money, making her very rich. Months pass. Marylin bumps into Miles at a convention of divorce attorneys in Las Vegas. They discover that they're both lonely despite their wealth; she also reveals that her best friend, Sarah Sorkin, has died of an aggravated ulcer. Miles is besotted with Marylin and marries her on the spur of the moment. Happy and content in their new marriage, they presumably need no pre-nup. Miles has become a changed man and decides to abandon divorce suits in favor of pro-bono work in East Los Angeles. However, while celebrating this decision, he discovers that Howard D. Doyle is in fact an actor from one of Donaly's soap operas, and not really an oil millionaire. It turns out that Marylin has no money of her own, and even her friend Sarah Sorkin is still alive: Marylin has thoroughly tricked Miles and now his wealth is exposed to Marilyn's asset stripping. Miles' boss is most displeased with this turn of events and demands that something be done about it as Marylin has humiliated their law firm. The boss hires hitman Wheezy Joe to kill Marylin, but before the plan is completed, Miles learns that Marylin's ex-husband Rex Rexroth has died of a heart attack, leaving millions to Marylin. As Miles now stands to benefit from a divorce, he attempts to stop the assassination, with tragically comic results. In the end, Miles and Marylin meet at a divorce attorney's office to hammer out a deal. Miles is still in love with Marylin and shows his trust in her by retroactively signing a pre-nup, which Marylin destroys, and they kiss and reconcile. Marylin tells Miles that she suggested to Donovan Donaly a TV show about divorce la America's Funniest Videos starring Gus Petch. The show is a success, and everyone lives happily ever after. (Adapted from Wikipedia) 