nm0005337:

 Bad Boys (1995)541) Two hip detectives protect a witness to a murder while investigating a case of stolen heroin from the evidence storage room from their police precinct. Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike Lowry is a foot-loose and fancy free ladies' man. Both are Miami policemen, and both have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station's nose. To complicate matters, in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder, they have to pretend to be each other. James Hastie <jdh1000@cus.cam.ac.uk> Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike Lowrey is more of a loose cannon. They are partners on the Miami Police Department, and they are about to take on a highly dangerous case. 100 million dollars in heroin, from the biggest drug bust of their careers, is stolen from police headquarters. Now, they have 72 hours to reclaim the heroin before the Internal Affairs Division gets involved. This puts Mike and Marcus hot on the trail of a French drug kingpin named Fouchet. Mike asks Maxine Logan, a hooker he knows, to keep an eye open for high rollers. Later, she gets a call from a guy who's high on drugs and wants to spend $2000. Maxine asks her best friend Julie Mott to tag along with her to the home of former cop Eddie Dominguez. Julie is not a hooker but the guy's so out of it that they'll be out of there with the money in just minutes. But at Dominguez's house, Fouchet kills Maxine. Julie witnessed the murder, so she contacts the police. But Julie, who doesn't know what Mike looks like, is willing to talk only to Mike. Mike is not around, so Marcus is forced to pretend to be Mike, and when Mike returns, he's forced to pretend to be Marcus. Marcus is a family man who has a wife named Theresa and three kids named James, Megan, and Quincy, while Mike is not, so this is not a very close fit. Mike and Marcus's pursuit of Fouchet kicks into overdrive when Fouchet's henchmen kidnap Julie right out from under their noses. Todd Baldridge Detectives Mike Lowery and Marcus Brunette have 72 hours to find $100 million worth of heroin before Internal Affairs shuts them down. Lowery becomes more involved after a friend is murdered by the drug dealers. Matters become complicated when Lowery and Brunette have to switch places to convince a witness to the murder to cooperate. Nate Dogg <holtslander@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One hundred million dollars worth of confiscated heroin has just been jacked from police custody. Once the career bust of Detectives Mike Lawrey (Will Smith) and Marcus Burnett (Martin Lawrence), the missing drugs now threaten to shut down the narcotics division of the Miami Police Department. When the drug investigation turns deadly, the murderers kidnap the only witness - a beautiful police informant (Tea Leoni) and close friend of the Boys - and things get personal! Fast cars, a gorgeous woman and non-stop action make Bad Boys a guaranteed good time! 
 Bad Boys II (2003)541) Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida from a Cuban drug cartel. Miami is being flooded with ecstasy that's coming from Cuba through drug lord Johnny Tapia. Detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are on the case, and are determined to bring the man to justice. Additional drama is provided by friction with the DEA, which counts Marcus' younger sister Sydney among its agents, and from Marcus possibly transferring out of the department, leaving Mike without his longtime partner. Narcotics cops Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ) head up a task force investigating the flow of ecstasy into Miami. Their search leads to a dangerous kingpin Johnny Tapia ( Jordi Moll ), whose plan to control the city's drug traffic has touched off an underground war. Meanwhile, things get sexy between Mike and Syd ( Gabrielle Union ), Marcus's sister. Anonymous Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ), who are part of the Miami PD's Tactical Narcotics Team (TNT), still don't always get along, and now they're keeping secrets from each other. Mike's secret is that he's been seeing Marcus' sister, Sydney "Syd" Burnett ( Gabrielle Union ) who is a reported paper pusher for the DEA's New York office. Marcus's secret is that he has asked for a transfer, because he wants to spend more time with his family, and less time with Mike. That's all set aside when their boss, Captain Howard ( Joe Pantoliano ) assigns them to stop the flow of record amounts of ecstasy into the city. This puts Mike and Marcus on the trail of the most dangerous enemy that they have ever faced...Cuban drug kingpin Hector Juan Carlos "Johnny" Tapia, who wants to take control of the entire ecstasy trade in the USA, and is working with local dealers and club owners such as Russian mafia boss Alexei. Every time the Miami PD has ever arrested Tapia, Tapia has sued the Miami PD for false arrest, and won millions of dollars. This has caused the department to back off and not go after Tapia. Well, everyone has backed off except for Mike and Marcus, who have never faced Tapia before. Now, it seems that Tapia is using a mortuary as a cover for his operations, smuggling ecstasy hidden inside dead bodies, while sending his money to Cuba in hidden compartments in the coffins. While Mike and Marcus try to bring Tapia down, they also deal with the discovery that Syd is actually working undercover for the DEA to bring down a money laundering operation run by Alexei, and as part of her undercover job, Syd is in deep with Tapia. When Haitian gangsters try to steal Tapia's money and kill Syd, the two investigations cross paths. Syd's cover is later blown, and she is kidnapped by Tapia, who takes her to his compound in Cuba. With the unofficial help of people from the CIA, the Miami PD, and anti-Castro forces in Cuba, Mike and Marcus head out to rescue Syd, and bring Tapia down. How far will Tapia go to keep his drug empire? And how far will Marcus and Mike go to rescue Syd? Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Staring Martin Lawrence (Marcus Burnett) and Will Smith (Mike Lowery) is the second in a series of movies, which they play under cover vice cops in Miami. This time they are out to take down a Cuban drug kingpin Johnny Tapia (Jordi Molla) who is smuggling Ecstasy pills into Miami. Martin has some mental issues with his partner, and they squabble with each other all through the movie. Martin wants to break away from Will, and Martin has good reasons, especially, after Will shoots him in the rear. 
 Spawn (1997)761) An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil. An assassin named Al Simmons is double-crossed and murdered by his evil boss Jason Wynn. Al makes a deal with the devil and returns to earth as Spawn to see his wife. He is ordered by the devil's minion, The Clown, to kill Wynn. Wynn has made a deal with the Clown too and is supposed to destroy the world with a deadly virus that will help start Armageddon and allow Hell to attack Heaven. Spawn must choose between Good and Evil. Keith Haney <kbhaney@inconnect.com> After seeking his soul to the Devil, US Secret Agent Al Simmons will return to the Earth as Spawn: the leader of Hell's Army. Al has other plans though: he seeks the man who betrayed and killed him: Jason Wynn, who's also made a deal with the Devil in secret. It's a battle to the death: it's demon versus demon. Johnny-the-Film-Sentinel-2187 Al Simmons is a hit-man who works for the government. One day, someone sets him up and he is killed. Of course, he goes to Hell, where Malebolgia - the Devil himself - offers him a deal. Al will come back to life with a certain amount of "energy", but when it runs out, he will return to Hell as a Hellspawn, and help in the war against Heaven. Al accepts the offer, because of the love for his wife Wanda, but when he arrives back on Earth he sees that the Devil has cheated him - His face is horribly distorted, his body covered with a living suit, and the worst of all; he finds Wanda married to his best friend. Shattered, the Spawn starts wandering in New York's alleys. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Lieutenant Colonel Al Simmons who is a secret agent of an organization called A-6, run by Jason Wynn. However, during an operation, Simmons was double-crossed by Wynn himself and was killed and sent to the devil's world. The devil kept Simmons secluded for 5 years, then sent Simmons back as "Spawn", having very little memory, only remembering his wife, Wanda, and Wynn. He is sent to kill Wynn. Meanwhile, Wynn is secretly planning for world domination, and has ordered special doctors to implant a detonator for a deadly virus into his heart if anybody kills him. Then, Spawn finds out that it is a plan by the devil to kill everybody in the world. So that the devil's army is purified and they can destroy heaven. Spawn must stop Wynn and Clown (the devil's assistant) from destroying the world. John Wiggins Al Simmons, is a military soldier/assassin, who has been betrayed by a covert government agency head named Jason Wynn. Wynn orders his top assassin, Jessica Priest, to assassinate him. After Simmons dies, he is immediately transported to Hell, where Malebolgia, a demonic ruler of the various realms, offers him a Faustian deal. If Simmons becomes his eternal servant and leader of Hell's army in Armageddon, he will be able to return to Earth to see his beloved fiancee, Wanda Blake. And Simmons accepts the offer and is transformed into a Hellspawn, which is a servant of Malebolgia in a necroplasm suit that is not only a living, breathing creature, but is also his only protection in the world. Simmons (soon to be dubbed "Spawn" by Malebolgia's crony, The Violator) returns to Earth and attempts to reunite with Wanda, not knowing that five years have passed. He also seeks revenge on his former boss and killer, Jason Wynn, who has made a deal with The Violator to develop a lethal virus to take over the world, where Wynn is promised to be king. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Al Simmons (Michael Jai White), a military soldier/assassin, is betrayed by the head of a covert government agency, Jason Wynn (Martin Sheen). Wynn assigns Simmons a mission to take out a Bio-Chem plant in North Korea while ordering his top assassin, Jessica Priest (Melinda Clarke), to assassinate him. After Simmons dies from a gas fire caused by Wynn, he arrives in Hell, where Malebolgia (Frank Welker), the Devil, offers him a Faustian deal. If Simmons becomes his eternal servant and leader of his army in Armageddon, he will be able to return to Earth to see his fiance, Wanda Blake (Theresa Randle). Simmons accepts the offer and is returned to Earth. When he returns, Simmons learns that five years have passed. Wanda is now married to his best friend, Terry (D. B. Sweeney) and living the life he longed for, including the daughter he never knew, Cyan (Sydni Beaudoin). He encounters a strange clown-like demon called The Violator (John Leguizamo), who acts as a guide, setting "Spawn" onto the path to evil. He also meets a mysterious old man named Cogliostro (Nicol Williamson), a fellow Hellspawn who freed his soul and now fights for Heaven. Jason Wynn has become a high-class weapons dealer and developed the ultimate biological weapon, "Heat 16". During a reception Simmons attacks Wynn, kills Jessica and escapes, instinctively using Spawn's strange armor. Following Simmons' attack, The Violator convinces Wynn to have a device attached to his heart that will trigger the worldwide release of Heat 16 should his vital signs flatline. The device is supposedly a safeguard against assassination attempts, but Malebolgia actually wants Simmons to kill Wynn and trigger the apocalypse. Spawn confronts The Violator, who turns into his demonic form and beats him down. Cogliostro rescues him and teaches him how to use his necroplasm armor before Spawn learns that Clown and Jason are going to kill Terry. Meanwhile, Terry has just finished texting a fellow newsman who sent him evidence exposing Jason Wynn. After the transmission, Cyan enters the room, with Jason right behind her. Jason destroys Terry's computer and takes the family hostage. When Spawn arrives, he ends up almost killing Jason Wynn, despite his warning that his death will launch the Heat 16 bombs. Only after realizing that Jason's death would ultimately mean the death of Cyan does he relent. Instead, he extracts the device from Wynn's body before destroying it. His plans foiled, Clown draws Spawn and Cogliostro into Hell, where Spawn tells Malebolgia that he will never lead his army. He escapes with Cogliostro just before they are overwhelmed and returns to the real world. The Violator follows and there is a final battle between him and Spawn, ending with Spawn severing the demon's head with his chains. Jason Wynn is arrested and Spawn, realizing there is no place for him in Wanda's world anymore, dedicates himself to justice rather than succumbing to his lust for vengeance. 
 Near Dark (1987)431) A small-town farmer's son reluctantly joins a traveling group of vampires after he is bitten by a beautiful drifter. A mid-western farm boy reluctantly becomes a member of the undead when a girl he meets turns out to be part of a band of southern vampires who roam the highways in stolen cars. Part of his initiation includes a bloody assault on a hick bar. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> In Phoenix, the young cowboy Caleb Colton meets the beautiful Mae late night in town and she asks for a ride to her trailer. It is near dawn and Caleb brings Mae that is in a hurry; he asks for a kiss and she bites him on the neck. Caleb's truck does not start and he walks home. However, when the sunlight hits him close to his farm, he starts to burn. His father Loy Colton and his sister Sarah witness a van that appears out of the blue and kidnaps Caleb. He is introduced to Mae's family: the leader Jesse Hooker, his mate Diamondback, the cruel Severen and the boy Homer. In common, all of them are predator creatures of night that need blood to survive. However, Caleb refuses to kill and Mae gives her own blood to him to keep him alive. Meanwhile Loy and Sarah are looking for Caleb; when they meet each other in a motel, Caleb has to choose between his beloved family or his love for Mae. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is nighttime in Caleb's small, southwestern town when he spots the petite Mae eating an ice cream cone. He asks her for a "bite," and says, "I'm just dying for a cone." Mae smiles as she echoes two select words, "bite" and "dying," and then asks Caleb for a ride to a nearby trailer park where she is staying with "friends." On route she tells Caleb to stop and, when the two get out of the truck, she converses whimsically about the light of a star taking a billion years to reach earth. She adds, "you know why you've never met a girl like me before...because I'll still be here when the light from that star gets down here to earth." While kissing Mae's neck, Caleb professes that it "sounds like fun." When he says he would like to be there, too, Mae replies, "Maybe." Caleb then takes Mae to see a horse. However, the horse becomes riled at Mae's presence and takes off. After a bit of flirting and kissing, Mae demands he take her home, as she is due by dawn. Despite Caleb's claims that dawn is a long way off, she becomes increasingly frantic. On the ride home, he stops and tells her that he will get her home, but first, she has to kiss him. As the two kiss passionately, Mae bites Caleb's neck. With blood on her lips, she leaves the truck and runs for home just as the sun starts to rise. Caleb follows, but quickly gives up and returns to find his truck won't start. On his walk home through the fields, Caleb's skin smolders in the sun. He is weak and stumbling when his little sister spots him nearing the family farm. She tells her father, and the two watch RV with darkly tinted windows careens into the field where a figure opens the door and pulls Caleb inside, before speeding off. Inside the RV, Mae's companions threaten to kill Caleb but stop when Mae reveals she "turned" him. After a day's rest, Mae, Jesse Hooker, Diamondback, Severen, and Homer, agree to give Caleb a week to prove he is one of the group. Later, as they disband to roam the night, Caleb tells Mae that he must go home. She lets him leave, but he cannot afford a bus ticket. At the bus station, he buys a candy bar, but cannot eat it. A police officer gives him money to pay for a ticket, despite believing Caleb is under the influence of drugs. Caleb gets off the bus early, too sick to continue. When he makes his way back to Mae she feeds him her blood, which he drinks vigorously. He heals instantly and the two run off together for the night. Unsatisfied with the police's efforts to find Caleb, his family sets out to find him. Mae informs Caleb that he must learn to kill in order to survive. Despite claiming he is not a killer, the two seek out a truck driver for his first attempt. However, when Caleb cannot follow through, Mae kills for him. She allows Caleb to drink from her instead but warns that if he drinks too much he could kill her. After a week Caleb has yet to kill and the gang is ready to kill him, but Mae convinces them to give him one last night. Later the gang visits a bar and kills all the patrons except one. That one is for Caleb, but Caleb lets him escape. An infuriated Jesse knows the patron will go to the police, but as the sun is rising the gang must seek shelter in a nearby motel. The police arrive at the motel during the day demanding the gang come out. Vulnerable to sunlight, the gang chooses to shoot it out. During the gunfight, Caleb makes his way to a van that is fashioned to block out sunlight and rescues the gang. Free from the police, the gang switches vehicles and heads to a new town. They are delighted with Caleb's actions and give him more time to prove himself. After checking into another motel Caleb and Mae leave to enjoy the night, while the rest stay in to play cards. During the evening, Homer makes his way to an outside soda machine where he meets Caleb's kid sister, Sarah. As Homer looks like a young boy, he has no trouble convincing Sarah to watch television with him in his room. Soon after, Caleb returns to the gang's room and finds Sarah and their father, who Severen has brought from another motel room. Caleb tells his family that he will not return with them and asks Jesse to let them go. However, Homer refuses and announces he is going to turn Sarah. Caleb's father pulls a gun and shoots Jesse, who coughs out the bullet. During the altercation, Sarah wriggles free from Homer and opens the door. Sunlight pours in and the family escapes with Caleb wrapped in a blanket. After Caleb explains his situation, Caleb's father gives him a blood transfusion. The process cures Caleb, who eagerly takes to the sunlight with Sarah. Some night later, Caleb leaves his home to find Mae outside. When she asks why he left, he tells her he belongs at home with his family. Mae takes off and when Caleb goes back inside he finds Sarah missing. Discovering his truck tires slashed, Caleb pursues on horseback. In town, the horse bucks Caleb as Severen comes upon them. Following a brief beating from Severen, Caleb waves down an approaching truck. Severen shoots the driver, but Caleb uses the truck to run down Severen. However, Severen survives, climbs up the hood, and begins ripping the engine out with his hands. Caleb brakes, causing the trailer to crash into the cab and bails out just before the vehicle explodes, killing Severen. With Severen gone, Jesse emerges to finish off Caleb. While Caleb questions Jesse about the whereabouts of Sarah, Diamondback sneaks up unnoticed behind him. She readies a knife to throw in his back, but, when Sarah emerges and warns Caleb, he ducks and the knife strikes Jesse, instead. Caleb grabs Sarah and runs, and Mae interrupts Jesse's attempt to gun down Caleb. The gang chases down the siblings snatch Sarah and drive off, while frantically prepping the vehicle for the rising sun. In the middle of the chaos, Mae rips Sarah from Homer's grasp and jumps out of the car. Smoldering in the sunlight, Mae runs with Sarah toward the approaching Caleb. Homer follows but quickly explodes in the sunlight. Jesse and Diamondback drive toward Caleb and Sarah, who surround a blanketed Mae, intent on running down the three. However, Jesse and Diamondback burn before they can reach the trio, and the car rolls harmlessly off the road. Later, Mae wakes during daylight and finds that Caleb has given her a blood transfusion, curing her. When she tells him she is afraid, he tells her, "Don't be, it's just the sun." 