nm0000868:

 Arrested Development (20032019)55) Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable. Meet the wildly dysfunctional Bluth family. This family was once at the height of real estate development in Orange County, California. But when the family business - the Bluth Company - goes bust, they're suddenly found penniless with their assets frozen. They move into their last remaining asset - the model home left over from their latest housing tract. Their luxury vehicles are replaced with a reminder of the family's former wealth: 'the stair car that accompanied their private jet'. The patriarch of the family is George Bluth - he's now in prison, and loving every minute of it. His wife Lucille and daughter Lindsay are spoiled socialites who can't handle getting kicked out of family restaurants. His son Buster is in his mid 30's and lives at home. His son George Oscar Bluth is a magician who started a group to get magicians to be taken seriously, and gets kicked out when his own tricks are revealed. Lindsay is married to a man named Tobias Funke, once a psychiatrist, who decides to become an actor. The only sane member of the family: Michael Bluth, along with his son George Michael, want nothing to do with the family business. But one bizarre circumstance after another keeps Michael and George Michael from leaving their eccentric family. halo1k Michael Bluth finds himself forced to stay in Orange County and run the family real estate business after his father, George Bluth Sr., is sent to prison for committing white-collar crime. He tries to juggle the wants and needs of his spoiled and eccentric family while being a good role model for his teenage son, George Michael. Jwelch5742 The series follows family man Michael Bluth as he tries to keep his family and business from collapsing after his father George is sent to prison for embezzling money. As the family adjusts from riches to rags Michael helps his mother Lucille keep up appearances, sister Lindsay and brother-in-law Tobias with their failed marriage, son George Michael and niece Maeby through adolescence, and brothers Buster and Gob adjust to working life. Michael Bluth, a widower with a 13-year-old son, named George-Michael, is forced to keep his large and dysfunctional family together after his father is arrested for shifty accounting practices at the family-owned conglomerate and the Bluth family assets are frozen, making each member of the eccentric family panic. Michael's snobbish mother, Lucille, finds herself living alone in a penthouse without the financial means to maintain it, while Michael's two brothers, Gob and Buster, and his sister Lindsay with her husband Tobias and her daughter Maeby also find themselves having to recreate their lifestyles to fit their new financial status. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Violet (II) (2021)Summaries Violet realizes that her entire life is built on fear-based decisions, and must do everything differently to become her true self. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Family Ties (19821989)44) Chronicles liberal ex-hippies Steven and Elyse Keaton, their conservative son Alex, daughters Mallory and Jennifer, and later, youngest child Andrew. Steven and Elyse Keaton, once 1960s radicals, now find themselves in Reagan-era America trying to raise a traditional suburban family. Their three first kids are Alex (a very ambitious Young Republican), Mallory (a ditzy and boy-crazy fashionista), and Jennifer (whom we first get to know as a precocious nine-year-old tomboy). Later on, a fourth child (Andrew) was added to the family. Most of the comedy arose from the conflict between the ex-hippie parents vs. the conservative Alex and the brainless beauty Mallory. It is the Reagan-era 1980s. Steven and Elyse Keaton are happily married with three children, Alex, Mallory and Jennifer. While they were hippies in the 60s, their children have turned out quite differently: Alex is a die-hard Reagan supporter, Mallory cares more about fashion than politics, and Jennifer is very studious. Despite their differences they're one big happy family, sharing life's ups and downs, heartaches, and laughs. grantss Steven and Elyse Keaton were two hippies with liberal viewpoints who married during the 1960s. They had hoped their children would adopt the same values. How wrong they were, especially in the case of their oldest son Alex. The series, which was based in Columbus, Ohio, explored the relationship between Steven (a public television station manager), Elyse (an architect) and their three children, Alex, Mallory, and Jennifer. Alex was an avid Reagan devotee and card-carrying Young Republicans Club member who sauntered through the house in a shirt and tie and hung a picture of William F. Buckley over his bed. But as intelligent and overachieving as he was, Mallory was as underachieving and, to say the least, a slacker; she was more concerned with shopping and cute guys. Jennifer was the precocious youngster who just wanted to be a normal kid. Skippy Handleman, one of Alex's best friends, was a geeky next door neighbor with an unrequited crush on Mallory. During the 1984-1985 season, Elyse gave birth to Andrew, their fourth child. Alex quickly took him under his wing, and before long he was reading the Wall Street Journal over his Froot Loops. As the years passed, Alex graduated from high school (as salutatorian) and pursued a financial degree from Leland College. It was there that he met his first serious girlfriend, the beautiful Ellen Reed (played by Fox's future wife, Tracy Pollan). After that relationship ended, he met psychology major Lauren Miller. Meanwhile, Mallory (who was in serious danger of flunking out of high school) found love in the form of Rambo-wannabe and high school dropout Nick Moore, of whom Steven and Elyse (at least initially) strongly disapproved; Alex disliked the motorcycle riding Nick even more. Mallory, however, did graduate from high school and became a fashion design major at Grant College. Nick also obtained his general equivalency diploma. While there was time for fun and laughs, many episodes explored serious topics, such as teen pregnancy, censorship, addiction to pills, the effects racial minority homeowners have on property values, and grieving the loss of a close friend. Other episodes dealt with Steven's distant relationships with his own family, particularly his brother, Robert, while plenty of episodes presented flashbacks of earlier ones featuring the Keaton offspring as young children. By the time the series wrapped up, Alex accepted his dream job offer...a job on Wall Street. Brian Rathjen <briguy_52732@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Five Minutes (I) (2017)Summaries A progressive elementary school's "parenting class" takes an unexpected dramatic turn. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 