nm0005068:

 The Midnight Meat Train (2008)321) A photographer's obsessive pursuit of dark subject matter leads him into the path of a serial killer who stalks late night commuters, ultimately butchering them in the most gruesome ways. The photographer Leon lives with his girlfriend and waitress Maya waiting for a chance to get in the photo business. When Maya contacts their friend Jurgis, he schedules a meeting for Leon with the successful owner of arts gallery Susan Hoff; she analyzes Leon's work and asks him to improve the quality of his photos. During the night, the upset Leon decides to wander on the streets taking pictures with his camera, and he follows three punks down to the subway station; when the gang attacks a young woman, Leon defends her and the guys move on. On the next morning, Leon discovers that the woman is missing. He goes to the police station, but Detective Lynn Hadley does not give much attention to him and discredits his statement. Leon becomes obsessed to find what happened with the stranger and he watches the subway station. When he sees the elegant butcher Mahogany in the train, Leon believes he might be a murderer and stalks him everywhere, in the beginning of his journey to the darkness. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as a well dressed, barrel chested man stalks the late-night passengers of a subway train. He assaults and kills several people with a meat hammer, and a butchers hook. He dispatches his prey wordlessly, and with an uncannily unnatural strength. He wears a ring on his finger, adorned with eight stars. We are then introduced to Leon, a vegan photographer who heads into the city's subway system at night to take photographs. He is criticized constantly by other photographers for fleeing danger before shooting a full reel. One night, in a decision to break this trend, he saves a woman from a gang that is abusing her. The next day, he discovers this girl has gone missing. Leon is intrigued by the mystery, and begins to investigate newsreels about similar disappearances. His investigation leads him to a butcher named Mahogany, who he suspects has been killing subway passengers for as long as a hundred years. Leon attempts to turn some of the photos he has taken of Mahogany in to the police, but they refuse to believe him, and instead cast suspicion on his own motives in photographing the victims. Leon's involvement quickly turns into a dark obsession, upsetting his waitress girlfriend Maya, who is as disbelieving of his story as the police chief. Leon takes matters into his own hands, entering the subway train at midnight, only to witness a shocking bloodbath, as the butcher kills several passengers, then hangs them on meat hooks. Passing out on the subway floor, he awakes the next morning in a slaughterhouse with strange markings carved into his chest. A concerned Maya and her friend Jurgis, a short-order cook, begin to examine the photos Leon has been taking of Mahogany, leading them to the killer's apartment. After breaking and entering the butcher's home, Jurgis is captured, and brutally killed. Maya goes to the police, But finds that they are as unwilling to consider her story, as they were of Leon's. It is at this point that we begin to discover that the police may be involved in the cover-up of Mahogany's crimes. A police official directs the misguided Maya to a trip on the midnight train. Leon, unaware of Maya's involvement, finally decides to put an end to the butcher's crimes, and heads to the hidden subway entrance in the slaughterhouse, arming himself with the a butcher's apron, and several slaughterhouse knives. Leon enters the train as Mahogany has completed his nightly massacre, and has cornered a helpless Maya. Leon attacks the murderer with a knife, beginning a climactic battle between the photographer and the superhuman butcher. They fight in between the swinging human meat, Leon's knives against Mahogany's meat hammer, and human body parts are ripped, thrown, and used as weapons in the shower of epic gore. Finally, Mahogany is thrown out of the train by Leon, but not long before it hits its final stop. The train has entered an underground cavern, filled with skulls and decomposing bodies. Mahogany, in a battered and bleeding state, returns, barely alive, from beneath the train, and engages in a death struggle with Leon, who finishes the job at last by impaling the psychotic butcher's skull on a blade. Mahogany grins in his dying throes, pronouncing the single word "Welcome!" With the butcher's death, the conductor of the train enters the car, advising Leon and Maya to "Please step away from the meat." With these words, the true purpose of the underground station is revealed, as horrible reptilian creatures enter the car, consuming the meat to which they have been delivered. The conductor explains to Leon that the creatures have always existed below the city, and that the butcher's job was to keep them satisfied by feeding them every night. The conductor then forces Leon to watch as he kills Maya with one of the butcher's knives. When he is done, he picks up Leon, and with the same supernatural strength as the deceased butcher, rips out Leon's tongue, throwing him to the ground. He tells Leon that, having killed the butcher, he must take his place. In the final scene, the police chief hands the train schedule to the new butcher, who wears a ring with eight stars. The killer walks onto the midnight train, and turns his head to reveal that he is Leon, ready to go on his nightly slaughter. 
 X-Men: The Last Stand (2006)761) The human government develops a cure for mutations, and Jean Gray becomes a darker uncontrollable persona called the Phoenix who allies with Magneto, causing escalation into an all-out battle for the X-Men. When a "cure" is created, which apparently can turn any mutant into a "normal" human being, there is outrage amongst the mutant community. While some mutants do like the idea of a "cure", including Rogue, many mutants find that there shouldn't be a "cure". Magneto, who still believes a war is coming, recruits a large team of mutants to take down Warren Worthington II and his "cure". Might seem easy for the X-Men to stop, but Magneto has a big advantage, which Wolverine doesn't have. Jean Grey has returned, and joined with Magneto. The Dark Phoenix has woken within her, which has the ability to destroy anything in her way, even if that "anything" is an X-Man. rsanchez When a special medicinal "cure" for mutants is created by a government funded laboratory, a choice is to be made by mutants all over the world. However, this does not sit well with Professor X and his X-Men, who are questioning about the situation. But Magneto sees this news as a threat, and begins to build a mutant army in order to destroy it. On the other hand, in light of the returning Jean Grey, the X-Men find that they are not only up against Magneto and his Brotherhood, but a deadly force more powerful than anything that came before. Blazer346 After the uneasy alliance with Magneto in X2 (2003) , the entire species of the powerful meta-humans find themselves before an agonising dilemma: with the aid of a revolutionary medical treatment, all mutants can now suppress their extraordinary gene, to live an ordinary life as humans. To further complicate matters--as the former X-Men member, Jean Grey, evolves into the dark and omnipotent Phoenix--Magneto amasses an invincible army of mutated supporters, against the backdrop of odious conflict within the mutant community. At first, the super-humans were fighting for acceptance, then, for survival. Now, all mutants must choose sides. Can Professor X, Storm, Wolverine, and a handful of loyal X-Men stop the formidable menace, Phoenix? Nick Riganas The X-Men, mutant heroes sworn to defend a world that hates and fears them, are back. This time, with the help of new recruits Beast and Angel, they must face evolution in the form of their former teammate, Jean Grey. Possessed with the cosmic power of the Dark Phoenix, the resurrected Jean Grey has become a danger to herself, her mutant comrades, and the entire planet. To stave off this imminent threat to humanity, a potential "cure" is discovered and processed to treat, and ultimately eliminate, genetic mutations, once and for all. Now, as the battle lines are drawn, the X-Men, led by Professor Charles Xavier, must contend with Jean Grey's world-consuming powers, as well as the malevolent Brotherhood, a band of powerful mutants organized under Xavier's former ally, Magneto. comicfan When a private laboratory, supported by the government, finds a "cure" for the mutants, using the D.N.A. of a powerful boy, the mutants have the option of giving up their powers and become human, but their society split. Magneto opposes and decides to join a force to fight against the government, and kill the mutant boy. Meanwhile, Jean Grey resurrects uncontrolled by Xavier and with the personality of the powerful Dark Phoenix. She destroys Cyclops and Professor Charles Xavier, and allies with the evil forces of Magneto, making them almost invincible. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. (For the sake of continuity and uniformity, each mutant's 'human name' will be listed only once, and they will thereafter be referred to by their 'mutant' names.) The movie opens in a quiet suburban neighborhood in the 1980's. Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) and Eric Lensherr/Magneto (Ian McKellen) are arriving at the Grey home to both personally evaluate a potential new student for the school Xavier has established for mutants. Mr. and Mrs. Grey call their young daughter, Jean, down to speak with Magneto and Xavier. As Jean sits, Xavier senses immediately that she's telepathically reading his and Magneto's thoughts, and gently admonishes her, saying that he and Magneto are 'like her.' In a surprisingly adult-like voice for a young adolescent, Jean says she doubts either of them are like her. A second later, all the cars outside begin to levitate, much to the amazement of Xavier and Magneto. A man watering his garden gawks as the water coming out of his garden hose begins to flow straight upward. Xavier quietly asks Jean if she wishes to learn to control her immense power, or let it control her. Ten years later, in a high-rise luxury building, a boy scrapes at his back, crying as he does so. The boy's father, Warren Worthington II (Michael Murphy) knocks on the bathroom door, concerned. He asks his son to open the door. Warren III cries out suddenly, in fright, for his father to give him one second, and starts hurriedly trying to hide what he's been doing. Several bloody rags are seen beside the sink, and Worthington hears the sound of clanking as his son rushes to hide his razor and several other sharp metal objects. Knowing something is seriously amiss, Worthington kicks the door in and sees what his son was trying to hide. Several bloody feathers are on the bathroom floor, having sprouted from bony protrusions under the skin on Warren III's back. Warren III is a mutant. In the present day, the X-Men are in the Danger Room, Xavier's training simulation chamber, playing out a defense against a futuristic robotic attack. Peter Rasputin/Colossus (Daniel Cudmore) turns himself and Marie D'Ancanto/Rogue (Anna Paquin) into organic steel to protect them both from flying debris. Bobby Drake/Iceman (Shawn Ashmore) stops an incoming guided missile by freezing it, knocking out its heat sensors. Just then, another one comes flying in, and Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat (Ellen Page) grabs him and puts both he and herself out of phase, so the missile passes harmlessly through them. Ororo Munroe/Storm (Halle Berry) and Wolverine/Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) note that the massive robotic entity they are training against is routing all of the X-Men. Wolverine tells Storm that the younger, less experienced of the X-Men aren't practiced and strong enough yet. Over Storm's protests that the X-Men need to work as a team, Wolverine has Colossus hurl him straight at the robot, using his adamantium claws to tear the head off the robot. The robot's head, that of a Sentinel, crashes to the ground. Wolverine walks out from behind it. Storm and Wolverine argue as the X-Men leave the simulation room. The training exercise was meant to help the team learn to operate together and defend, while Wolverine believes in the best defense being a good offense. Wolverine also reminds Storm that he's just a substitute for Scott Summers/Cyclops (James Marsden), who's been severely depressed since his girlfriend, Jean Grey, drowned while saving the X-team at Alkali Lake. Scott sits alone in his room, haunted by the loss. Meanwhile, Rogue has a brief spat with Iceman. She loves him, but their relationship torments her because he can't touch her bare skin safely because of her life-leeching powers. In another part of the school Wolverine finds Cyclops heading out of the school and there is a brief, but emotional, confrontation over both of them having loved Jean and are mourning her death. Hank McCoy/Beast (Kelsey Grammer), Secretary of Mutant Affairs in the presidential cabinet, is reading a scientific magazine with articles on mutation and the gene that helps bring it about, relaxing while hanging upside down from the ceiling. His secretary announces the start of a Presidential staff meeting. As Beast arrives at the meeting, Homeland Security secretary Trask (Bill Duke) announces that they lost a track on Magneto, but have successfully captured Raven Darkholme/Mystique (Rebecca Romijn). A surveillance camera shows her being interrogated by FBI. Mystique refuses to answer to her human name, and even when the interrogator accommodates her, she frustrates and vexes him by shapeshifting into him in order to mock him. When the interrogator loses his patience and demands she tell him where Magneto is, Mystique suddenly headbutts him and shows how, even with her wrists in heavy shackles, she is still a dangerous enemy. It takes several FBI guards to finally overpower her. Beast is dubious about the Presidential cabinet's ability to hold Mystique, and knows that holding her will make Magneto angry, though it gives the cabinet some diplomatic leverage. But Beast realizes that diplomacy with Magneto is not why the President (Josef Sommer) called for his attendance. The President shows Beast a folder with documents that Mystique was trying to steal from the FDA when she was captured. Beast opens the file to find a series of biochemical analyses from Worthington Labs, along with a profile on a young boy named Jimmy, also known as Leech (Cameron Bright). The analyses show that Jimmy is capable of suppressing the mutant X-gene. The President tells Beast that the research is believed to be viable, and the potential effect it will have on the mutant community is exactly why the cabinet desperately needs Beast's considerable diplomatic skills, now more than ever. Xavier is giving a lecture to mutant students in the school, discussing Mutant ethics. An example he gives is a brain-dead patient of Dr. Moira MacTaggart (Olivia Williams, uncredited). The psychic ability to transfer a human consciousness, even that of a family man with four children, and who is dying of cancer, into the body of the brain-dead man, raises serious ethical issues. Xavier suddenly pauses, staring vacantly, Outside, the skies turn darker as heavy clouds begin to gather and converge. Xavier tells his class that they'll break early and continue tomorrow. Xavier finds Storm on the terrace; her mind heavy with troubles which were causing the sudden weather shift. Magneto is a fugitive, Beast is on the Presidential cabinet and the US President has shown a lot of goodwill toward mutants -- so, as Storm believes, the Academy shouldn't need to be in hiding. Xavier says it's not hiding as much as staying wary of the Academy's remaining enemies and protecting the students. When Xavier mentions he sees Storm becoming the new Headmistress of the academy one day, Storm freezes. She thought that Cyclops was the natural successor. Xavier says Cyclops has never been the same since Jean's death. Storm knows there's something Xavier is hiding, but he continues on toward his office without acknowledging. Xavier and Storm find Beast in Xavier's office, and Wolverine joins them a few seconds later. The reason for Beast's visit is to report what he was shown during the cabinet meeting: a major pharmaceutical company has developed a way to suppress the mutant X-gene... and its effects are reportedly permanent. The company is calling the research a cure for mutancy, turning any mutant back into a regular human. The impact of the discovery hits right there, as Storm reacts in outrage to the news. Storm sees the discovery as equivalent to humans calling mutancy a disease in need of treatment. Xavier quietly cuts Storm off, saying the pharmaceutical company is making a public announcement as they speak. On Alcatraz Island, Warren Worthington II is making a public announcement about the cure. His speech carefully declares mutants to be people, just like humans, before breaking out the 'scare words' like mutancy being a disease and a corruption of healthy cellular activity. He says that any mutant who wishes to undergo the cure is welcome to. As several Academy students watch the announcement on TV, Rogue appears to listen with rapt interest. She goes to Xavier's office, where Xavier is still speaking to Storm, Beast and Wolverine about the ethical and moral dilemma brought about by the discovery. Rogue seems very eager to hear if a mutant cure is real. Storm angrily tells her that there is nothing about them that needs curing; there is nothing wrong with any of the mutants at the academy. A group of mutants call for a meeting at a local church to discuss the issue. The leader of the meeting is looking to pursue peaceful negotiation with the government in order to protest the cure. Also attending the meeting are Magneto and John Allerdyce/Pyro (Aaron Stanford), looking to recruit angry mutants for the Brotherhood. Magneto warns the mutants at the meeting that while they try to pursue negotiation and peaceful methods, humans, especially the humans in government, will start to force the cure on them a few at a time in a divide-and-conquer strategy. Inciting some of the mutants with these warnings, Magneto gains four new members for his Brotherhood-- Kid Omega (Ken Leung), who can extend poisonous spines all over his body; Psylocke (Mei Melanon), who can teleport through shadows; Arclight (Omahyra), who can loose concussive air pressure shockwaves; and Callisto (Dania Ramirez), who can move with superhuman speed, and also sense the nearby presence, and strength, of other mutants; she knows that Magneto and Pyro are the only mutants in the building higher than class III in the degree of their powers. Magneto is particularly intrigued by Callisto's power to sense other mutant presences, and asks if she can locate a particular one for him. A heavily armed police convoy is escorting a fortified, armored police semi-truck serving as a mobile prison, which is carrying a captive Mystique and several other mutants. Mystique is confined behind a heavy barred gate, her wrists shackled to the trailer's ceiling. Mystique taunts the guards watching over her by mimicking first the President, and then a very young girl. One guard threatens to spray her with pepper spray, and she tells him that she's going to personally kill him. Beast arrives at Alcatraz Island to tour Worthington Labs and meet with Leech, the young boy whose DNA is the source of the cure. He is greeted by the company's chief researcher, Dr. Rao (Shohreh Aghdashloo). Beast is there to see that Worthington Labs' treatment of the young boy meets with the standards set by the Department of Mutant Affairs. Dr. Rao brings him to the room where Leech stays in order for him to meet the boy, learn the range of his mutant powers, and see for himself that the boy is being kept fully comfortable. As Beast walks toward Leech to introduce himself and shakes hands, he pauses as he sees his outstretched hand suddenly lose its dark blue coloring, and the coarse hair around the back of his hand suddenly recede; making his hand look human. Mere proximity to Leech causes mutant powers to cease functioning as long as the mutants in question are within a certain distance of his body. Beast's hand returns to 'normal' (for him) once he turns away. Cyclops rides down the road on his motorcycle, heading toward the Alkali Lake reservoir where Jean Grey died. As he walks onto a small natural rock jetty overlooking the lake, he hears the whispered sound of Jean's voice calling his name. Tormented by the whispering voice, he yanks off his red sunglasses and a bright beam of light shoots from his eyes, strafing along the lake's surface. When he regains control of himself and replaces the glasses, he sees that the lake is churning and a large whirlpool has formed in its center. From the whirlpool emerges a blast of water and air pressure that knocks Cyclops on his back. Regaining his bearings, he's stunned to find Jean (Famke Janssen) standing alive and well in front of him. Jean asks Cyclops to remove his glasses so she can see his eyes. Scott is reluctant to look her in the eye because he can't control his optic blasts when his eyes are open. She gently removes his glass, and the bright red flash from his eyes slowly fades out to reveal the natural color of his eyes. Cyclops and Jean begin to kiss. As Jean starts kissing him more passionately, Cyclops' face begins to distort, causing him obvious pain. At the mutant Academy, everyone hears the telepathic voice of Xavier calling out Cyclops' true name. Storm and Wolverine rush to Xavier's office, where he tells them to hurry to Alkali Lake. The two of them arrive at the lake to find cloud cover hanging low over the surrounding hills and a thick fog obscuring vision. Storm clears the fog away, and she and Wolverine find that small rocks, leaves, and even dew on the leaves, levitating in the air. Storm and Wolverine split up to look around, and Wolverine turns to see one of the objects floating in the air in front of him is Cyclops' glasses. Storm yells out to him suddenly, and he finds Storm kneeling over Jean, who lies unconscious but alive. Jean is brought back to Xavier's labs in the Academy where an MRI is run on her brain. Xavier's only theory as to how she survived the incident at the lake that should have killed her, was that her powers wrapped her in a cocoon of telekinetic energy. Jean is the only mutant Xavier has ever met whose power is ranked at Class Five, meaning there are no known limits to her powers. Making her even that much more dangerous is that her mutation is contained in the unconscious part of her mind, which even psychically enhanced mutants have very limited control over. Deeply concerned about Jean's ability to control her powers, Xavier placed a series of psychic barriers around her mind when she first came to the Academy as a teenager, isolating her powers from her consciousness... but this had an unforeseen effect, causing Jean to develop a disassociative personality disorder; causing her subconscious to manifest an entity calling itself the Phoenix. Jean was the disciplined thinking mind, while the Phoenix was pure instinct and emotion, the essence of every feeling Jean experienced, including desire, joy... and rage. Xavier tells Wolverine that he's unsure whether the Jean that lay before them is truly the Jean they know, or the Phoenix struggling furiously to break free and take full control, and that Xavier is trying to restore the psychic barriers and cage the beast again. Wolverine rebels, warning Xavier that a caged beast often becomes angry at its confinement, and protesting that Xavier is forcing his will on another mutant, which is supposed to stand against everything the X-Men believe in and have been taught by Xavier himself. Xavier becomes defensive, telling Wolverine he doesn't need to explain his actions to anyone, least of all him. At the headquarters of Worthington Labs, a news report is covering the mutant cure starting to become available publicly. The reporter notes that the mutant community has been split heavily over the cure's development. Some mutants are desperate to be cured, believing it's the only way they can fit in among human society, while others are offended at the cure's mere existence. The first patient to undergo the procedure is Worthington's son, Warren III (now played by Ben Foster), who's grown into a young man. Worthington is there to witness. Just as Dr. Rao prepares to administer the injection, Warren III rebels, breaking free from the medical assistants trying to hold him steady. The camera pans slightly away from him as he breaks free, showing him spreading a pair of fully developed, beautiful white-feathered wings from his back. Telling his father that the cure, and especially curing Warren himself, was only what his father himself wanted, Warren smashes through the window and uses his wings to take flight as Angel, the mutant name he's given himself. As he soars away from the Worthington tower, Leech watches in awe from his room on Alcatraz. The prison convoy carrying Mystique speeds down the road, to find Magneto waiting for them. Before any of the escort vehicles can react, Magneto effortlessly crushes them and sends them all flying in various directions with a few waves of his hands, then detaches the cab of the semi from the trailer, sending the cab flying as well, and the trailer skidding to a halt. The guard who Mystique had threatened is sent flying to slump against the bars confining her. Mystique immediately thrusts her legs through the bars, grabs the guard and snaps his neck. Showing remarkable agility with just her left leg and foot, she grabs the guard's keys with her foot and unlocks her heavy shackles. Magneto easily forces open the trailer's sealed door and walks in to greet Mystique. Her capture and imprisonment served its purpose: she's learned that the source of the cure was a child at Worthington Labs, and without him, the Brotherhood is safe. Magneto unseals two confinement capsules to recruit two more dangerous mutants: James Madrox/Multiple Man (Eric Dane), who can produce unlimited duplicate copies of himself (Mystique mentions he robbed seven different banks simultaneously), and Cain Marko/Juggernaut (Vinnie Jones), a huge, hulking, powerful man who, once he takes off running and builds momentum, cannot be halted by anything. The second guard, who'd been knocked cold when the trailer was detached from the cab, starts to come to. He reaches for a special gun, loads with a magazine of darts, and lazes up Magneto from behind him. At the last second, Mystique spots the ambush and steps in front of Magneto, her body shielding him. But firing from the guard's weapon is no bullet, but a specially designed needle. As the needle punctures Mystique's skin, she slowly slumps to the ground, shuddering and convulsing as her body begins changing, losing her natural blue coloring and scales. Magneto stares sadly at Raven Darkholme, now cured of her mutation and stripped of all her powers; a normal human again. Gratefully acknowledging that Mystique saved him, Magneto suddenly tells Raven rather coldly that she's no longer one of them. Turning his back to her, leaving her lying naked and powerless, Magneto ushers his fellow mutants out of the trailer, abandoning Raven. News of the convoy attack quickly reaches the President. When Beast hears that the cure has been weaponized in this manner, he resigns from the presidential cabinet in protest. But he shares the President's deep concern that the cure's continued existence is only going to further aggravate relations between mutants and humans in the general populace. Beast says this is another reason why he needs to be where he belongs... with Xavier and the Academy. Wolverine watches over Jean as she sleeps; still laying on the metal gurney; a plastic covering over her head, fitted with wires that monitor her brain activity. As he reaches out to touch her neck, her left hand suddenly grabs his wrist; the plastic covering lifting from her head. Jean's eyes open and she comes to, smiling and looking and feeling seemingly quite well. Wolverine watches as she slowly pulls several electrodes off her upper chest, and Jean notices, saying she didn't need psychic powers to read Wolverine. Slowly, sensually, Jean sits up on the gurney and starts kissing Wolverine. But what starts as a simple kiss quickly escalates as Jean starts to become aggressively passionate in making out with Wolverine. At first, Wolverine reciprocates her affections, until her fingernails slash his skin (the gashes immediately healing). Wolverine starts to remember Xavier's warnings and understands that it isn't Jean trying to seduce him, but the Phoenix; Jean's purely emotional alter-ego. This becomes more clear and obvious when she bluntly tells him that Xavier has gotten into Wolverine's head as well, 'taming' him. Wolverine asks Jean where Cyclops is. Hearing the name 'Scott' quickly snaps the real Jean to the surface as she looks around in confusion at her surroundings. Wolverine shows Cyclops' partially broken glasses to Jean, asking her where Cyclops is. Remembering what happened, Jean's grief and sorrow quickly manifest in telekinetically wrecking the lab room. Wolverine holds her head gently, trying to get her to focus. Suddenly Jean, looking grieved, begs Wolverine to kill her. Her inability to completely control her emotions, and the scope of her power when her emotions rush to the surface and shape her responses, make her a threat to everything and everyone around her. Desperate to keep that from happening again, Jean now wants to die and put the turmoil to rest. Wolverine stares at her, unable and unwilling to carry out her wish. He pleads with her to let Xavier help her. But in a sudden self-defense response, the Phoenix manifests again and hurls Wolverine against the wall, before ripping the door off its hinges and disintegrating it, walking out into the underground halls of the mansion. Meanwhile, Magneto is conferring with Pyro, Juggernaut and Multiple Man. Magneto holds the gun that was used to cure Mystique. This is all the proof Magneto needs that the mutancy cure will be forced on mutant kind. He intends to use it as a lightning rod to incite more mutants to his cause, and to subjugate humanity, before humanity can wipe them out. Suddenly Callisto tells him she's sensed a massive electromagnetic force coming from a mutant; so powerful that the mutant has to be Class Five, more powerful than anything Callisto's ever sensed before. Magneto's face freezes as he recalls the only such mutant he's met who wields such power, and asks Callisto, 'Where is she?' Xavier and Storm find Wolverine unconscious in the wrecked lab room. Xavier is angry at Wolverine, saying he warned him about the threat Jean posed. Closing his eyes in concentration, he senses that Jean has left the mansion, but is erecting a psychic barrier around herself in an attempt to block out Xavier's senses. Xavier, Wolverine and Storm drive to Jean's old house where Xavier and Magneto first met her twenty years ago. Magneto is there as well, complacently inviting Xavier in with him to speak to Jean, just like they did when they first met her. But as he passes by Juggernaut, he glances at Storm and Wolverine and says softly, 'No one gets inside.' Xavier and Magneto find Jean sitting alone in her living room, her face an intense mask. All the furniture around her is levitated a foot off the ground, dropping back down as Xavier and Magneto enter. This time, however, Magneto and Xavier are opposed in their intentions for Jean. Xavier desperately tries to get Jean to understand that she needs his help to control her powers, while Magneto accuses Xavier of keeping Jean on a leash (much in the same way that Wolverine accused Xavier of the same thing). When Xavier reminds Jean that she killed Cyclops in a fit of emotion, she lashes out at them both, creating a telekinetic shock wave that hurls Magneto back out into the kitchen and shoves Xavier's wheelchair back several feet. Wolverine decides he won't wait outside any longer, He and Storm must now fight against Juggernaut, Callisto, Arclight and Kid Omega. Storm's command of wind and lightning quickly incapacitate Kid Omega and Arclight, but Callisto's speed lets her fight back effectively. Meanwhile, Juggernaut hurls Wolverine through walls from room to room. In the living room, Xavier tries to withstand the psychic force of Jean's anger and grief, desperately trying to force a telepathic link to her to reach her, while Magneto remains pinned and helpless against the kitchen counter. Slowly Jean rises from her chair to her feet. Xavier is lifted out of his wheelchair into the air, as the Phoenix begins tearing the whole house apart in her building rage. Jean's face twists, her eyes bulge; she looks almost like a monster. The house lifts up off its foundation, psychic winds pinning Wolverine and Juggernaut against the ceiling. Magneto shouts desperately for Jean to stop and hold herself back, but the Phoenix, in full command of Jean's body and powers now, pays no attention. Jean raises her arms and time seems to slow. Wolverine uses his claws to pull himself along the ceiling and open a casement door that lets him see into the living room. Xavier makes a final plea to Jean, not to let her power and emotions control her, before Xavier's whole body disintegrates completely, leaving no trace of him. The house is released from the psychic storm and crashes back down onto the ground, completely wrecked. Magneto is stunned at the seeming death of Xavier; despite their being on opposing sides of mutant ethics, and therefore technically enemies, Xavier is one mutant Magneto still loved like a brother. But with no other recourse for the immediate moment, he rises, quietly walks over to Jean and politely asks her to come with him. Jean offers no resistance as Magneto leads her away. Storm and Wolverine make their way to the living room, finding Xavier gone, his wheelchair unattended. The scene closes with both of them weeping bitterly over the loss of their mentor. Xavier's wheelchair is placed in his office back at the mansion, and Storm gives a moving eulogy at a memorial service at the Academy mansion, where a headstone has been placed in the back gardens. All the students at the academy attend, as does Dr. Moira MacTaggart. Some time later, Iceman goes to see Shadowcat at her room. To cheer her up, he gets her to sneak the two of them out of the mansion proper by going through the wall, and takes her to a large fountain in the back gardens, where he freezes the water into an impromptu ice rink, and they skate together on the ice. Rogue is seen watching from her room, looking not at all pleased. Rogue has packed her bags and is leaving the mansion. Wolverine sees her as she reaches the door. To her surprise, he's not ordering her back upstairs ('I'm your friend, not your father,' he tells her), but he does urge her to think very carefully and be completely certain that she's doing the right thing, before she steps out of the front door. Rogue does take a few seconds to think after Wolverine turns away, and then she leaves. Magneto's Brotherhood has grown into a sizable army which has built a small camp in the woods. Magneto approaches Jean as she watches the camp mutants mill about. Magneto talks about how he saw the next stage in evolution when first met Jean, and wonders why Xavier wanted to hold her back when her power was virtually unlimited. He holds up the weaponized cure gun and lets it float in the air as he speaks about this. Jean stares at the gun and it comes apart, the cartridge breaking apart until the needles float in the air and begin to turn toward Magneto. Frightened suddenly at the threat, Magneto pleads for her to stop as she smirks in delight. Finally she lets the needles drop and asks how Magneto's desires regarding her are different from Xavier's. Magneto tells her that he wants to let her grow into whatever it is she's destined to grow into, but they must fight for their freedom first, as the weaponized cure, as Magneto believes, is meant for all of them. Callisto tells Magneto she's worried about Jean's presence; she can tell that Jean's power is completely unstable. Pyro, meanwhile, believes that Jean is still one of the X-men at heart. Pyro himself used to be, but has been loyal to Magneto since he first began his own crusade. But Pyro goes too far when he says he'd have killed Xavier if Magneto let him. Magneto quickly reins Pyro in with a stern reminder that although he and Xavier were completely opposed in their dealings with humanity, both shared the same vision of a mutant kind free from fear and prejudice, and Magneto is deeply saddened that Xavier had to die for the Brotherhood's dream to live. Wolverine, Storm, Beast, Iceman and Shadowcat are in one of the classrooms of the Academy, discussing its future. Beast believes it might be best if the Academy ended and the students sent home. But Iceman points out that many of the students there have no home to go to, many being unwelcome among their families. Angel suddenly enters, saying he'd heard that the school was a safe haven for mutants. Looking intently at him, Storm is moved to action; she promises to get a room at the mansion for Angel, and tells Beast to spread the word that the Academy will stay open. Iceman goes to Rogue's room and finds it empty. He learns from Colossus that Rogue left the Academy. Wolverine is paying respects at Xavier's headstone when suddenly he's assaulted by a psychic bombardment; Jean's subconscious voice calling out to him. Feeling drawn to it, Wolverine hurried packs some of his belongings to head out in search of her. Storm tries to talk him out of it, but cannot. A line of mutants stands in front of a medical clinic to receive the cure. Across the street is a mob of angry mutants reciting a chant that they don't need a cure. Knowing that Rogue has probably come here, Iceman has come in search of her. As he stands behind the barricade where the protesting mutants stand, Pyro finds his way to him. Pyro quickly realizes why Iceman is there and taunts him about Rogue's desire to be cured. Iceman manages to hold his temper and avoid starting a fight with his one-time friend. As Iceman turns away, Pyro ignites the lighter strapped to his wrist and sends a large blast of fire to blow out the windows in the medical clinic, sending people and mutants alike scattering. Magneto delivers a message that is broadcast on television, that the attack was only the first salvo in the Brotherhood's fight. He warns all of humanity that until the cure ceases to exist, no human will be safe, anywhere. He asks all mutants that don't want to join his fight, to simply stay out of the way, as he's strongly opposed to seeing any more mutant casualties. The President and Secretary Trask watch the broadcast in the Oval Office. The President orders Worthington Labs seized and secured, and all troops armed with cure weapons. He says if Magneto is going to war, he'll give Magneto one. Army bases are seen mobilizing. Soldiers are ordered to turn in all metal, including bayonets and even dog tags. Cure rifles made entirely out of plastic, which will be effective against Magneto, have been made ready, along with plastic cartridge magazines loaded with plastic cure needles. Many newly armed soldiers have secured the medical clinics where the cure is still being offered. A bus drops Rogue off, and after looking around apprehensively for a moment, she quietly gets in the line. Wolverine has tracked Jean by her scent to the woods. As he reaches the perimeter of the camp, he's attacked by some of the mutants keeping guard, including one who can project from his wrists, and then throw, spike-like projections made of horn. Wolverine defeats all the guards and infiltrates the camp where Magneto is delivering a rousing speech to incite them further. As Magneto speaks and the Brotherhood army cheers, Wolverine happens to lock eyes with Jean. She sees and recognizes him and turns away. Wolverine follows Jean and calls out to her. She turns to face him, when suddenly Wolverine is thrust backward by an unseen force and pinned against a tree. This force doesn't come from Jean, however, but from Magneto, who'd been able to smell the adamantium inside Wolverine's body. Magneto shows that Jean is at the camp with the Brotherhood of her own accord, and surely she is far too strong for anyone, even Magneto himself, to hold her prisoner. Scoffing at Wolverine's assertion that he's only leaving when Jean comes with him, Magneto hurls him halfway through the woods to a painful crash landing. A contingent of armed forces soldiers is preparing to converge on Magneto's base of operations. A satellite shows a thermal signature display of the soldiers moving in on a large body of mutants on all sides, surrounding them. The President notes, with satisfaction, that Raven Darkholme has provided Army intelligence with all the information they needed to conduct this raid, in retaliation for her being abandoned by Magneto. At the President's command, the soldiers charge in on all sides, their special rifles aimed. Suddenly the thermal signatures display for the large body of mutants begin simply dropping off the satellite display. Trask and the President stare at the monitor in total bewilderment. All of the mutants merge into one Multiple Man, who condescendingly surrenders. Multiple Man made the perfect decoy so that Magneto and the Brotherhood army could slip away before the armed forces could locate them. The only question is, where have they gone. Magneto stands the coastline overlooking Alcatraz Island, along with Callisto, Arclight, and Juggernaut. Their plan is to seize control of Worthington Labs there and kill Leech, whose DNA is the source of the cure. Worthington Labs has been able to replicate the DNA, but not generate it from scratch. As to how to get the whole Brotherhood army across the water to the island, Magneto has a plan. Wolverine makes it back to the Academy mansion to mobilize the X-Men. The odds against them are indeed daunting-- only Wolverine, Beast, Storm, Colossus, Iceman and Shadowcat are available to fight against Magneto... and Jean being among the Brotherhood makes their strength seem unbeatable. As Wolverine, Beast and Storm prepare to suit up, Angel is seen looking out from his room momentarily. The six available X-Men meet at the entrance to the hangar where the X-Men jet rests. Iceman isn't ashamed to hide his deep concern at how badly outnumbered they are. Stepping up to a leadership role, Wolverine acknowledges this, but says that unless they fight with their all, everything that Cyclops and Xavier died for, will die as well. Nodding, both Iceman and Shadowcat say they're in and will fight to defend what they stand for. As they prepare to board the jet, Storm has one question to Wolverine: whether he will do what he needs to do when the time comes. Magneto breaks the Golden Gate bridge free from its moorings and moves the whole bridge to span from the spot on the coastline where his army has gathered, to Alcatraz. This is seen on satellite at the White House, to the horror and shock of the President and Trask, and all the military commanders stationed there. The Brotherhood marches across the bridge to stand just shy of a rock outcropping on Alcatraz Island. Pyro gives the signal and a wave of Brotherhood mutants begin charging onto Alcatraz Island from the bridge. Juggernaut readies to also charge, but Magneto raises a hand to stop him, telling him that the pawns always make the first moves in chess. The Alcatraz guards prepare their weapons, launching waves of cure needles. Magneto notes to his consternation that all of the guards' weapons and gear are plastic, rendering his own powers ineffective against them. The guards begin completely routing the first wave of mutants, using specially designed cluster rocket launchers to spray waves of cure needles. Magneto has to improvise when a cluster rocket is launched at the bridge, maneuvering several large slabs of metal from the bridge to act as shields, blocking the needles. Magneto now moves a knight in the chess game, having Arclight step forward and use her air-pressure shock waves to shatter all the plastic weapons and cluster launchers. Magneto then deploys both his knights and his bishops: the second wave of Brotherhood mutants now begin to charge the island, turning the tide of battle. Arclight, Psylocke, and Kid Omega rush into the prison complex to find Worthington. Watching the siege via satellite, Trask and the President can only pray. Jets and tanks would be decimated instantly by Magneto and the nearest contingent of ground troops are a half hour away. But the X-men jet has arrived. Landing on the roof of the prison complex, Storm and Wolverine lead the X-Men into battle. Storm flies in, using barrages of lightning to halt the mutant charge, allowing Wolverine, Beast and Colossus to rally the human soldiers and begin taking the fight back to the Brotherhood. Seeing Storm take flight again, Callisto gives an evil grin and moves for an ambush. Using her superhuman speed, she is able to rapidly jump onto the roof of the prison complex and leaps, tackling Storm down to the ground, where the two of them battle hand to hand. Seeing Iceman joining the battle, conjuring a wall of ice to halt a group of charging Brotherhood mutants, Pyro wants to rush forward to face Iceman, but Magneto holds a hand to stop him. Magneto now moves a rook in the chess game, telling Juggernaut to break into the prison complex and take out Leech. Shadowcat sees Juggernaut's charge and phases through the prison wall. Running up behind Juggernaut, she phases him halfway through the floor and takes off running, phasing through walls to find Leech. But Juggernaut can play this game of tag with her and then some, easily smashing through any wall she phases through. Shadowcat temporarily outwits him by phasing through one wall and then leaping to one side, hiding as Juggernaut blindly continues his charge forward until he realizes the ploy. Arclight and Kid Omega locate Worthington and Dr. Rao. The two of them try to escape from the mutants, only to find themselves cornered by Psylocke's ability to teleport through areas of shadow. Psylocke and Arclight seize Worthington and drag him off while Kid Omega grabs Dr. Rao, holding her against him while soothingly telling her that everything will be all right. This, of course, is a lie, as Omega then erupts his sharp quills from all over his body, killing Dr. Rao. Shadowcat makes her way into Leech's room, gently telling him she's here to help. She takes his hand and goes to the far wall to phase through it, but finds she can't. Leech tells her that mere proximity to him nullifies her mutant powers. And the sound of smashing stone tells them that Juggernaut is closing in. Getting an idea, Shadowcat waits for Juggernaut to smash into the room, and then taunts him, verbally mocking him. Juggernaut roars in anger and charges, looking to smash her and Leech into pulp against the wall. Shadowcat leaps aside with Leech at the last second, and Juggernaut, his own powers fading as he gets close, crashes into the wall and knocks himself senseless, allowing Shadowcat to hurry Leech to safety, the long way, by running. Arclight and Psylocke drag Worthington to the roof of the prison complex. As punishment for his inventing the cure, they are going to hurl him off the roof to his death. But as Worthington is thrown down, his son Angel swoops in, using his wings and power of flight to save him. Outside, the Brotherhood is starting to get routed. Storm defeats Callisto by hurling her into a chain-link fence and barraging the whole fence with blasts of lightning. Magneto gestures for Pyro to help him; the second rook and the king on the chess board are marching into battle. Magneto begins hurling all the abandoned vehicles still on the bridge, like missiles, which Pyro sets ablaze. The explosive, flaming missiles rain down on the island, forcing all of the soldiers, and the X-Men as well, to take cover. As they hunker down behind whatever cover they can find, the X-Men desperately look for a way to strike back. Lying on the ground is a broken plastic handgun; the cartridge of needles still intact. Wolverine spots it and the X-Men have their counterattack, if they can all work together as a team. Storm provides cover by condensing water vapor into pea-soup fog around the island. Iceman begins freezing some of the flaming cars as they are hurled down, taking some of the sting out of them, and also making Pyro seethe with the desire to face his rival. Magneto sees Pyro's anger and tells him to go ahead and fight Iceman. Pyro and Iceman square off, Pyro hurling fire which Iceman blocks with his ice beam. The battle seems at a stalemate until Pyro reaches inward and begins projecting his fire with redoubled force. The flame pushes Iceman's ice beam back until the flames seem about to engulf him. But Iceman counters by covering his whole body in ice, protecting him, then snaking his hands outward and around to grab Pyro's wrists, freezing the lighters strapped to them. As Pyro can only channel and manipulate fire, and not create it, he is now defeated. Iceman knocks him out with a headbutt. Wolverine and Colossus walk forward as the fog clears. Colossus grabs Wolverine and, using the same maneuver as in the training chamber, hurls Wolverine at Magneto. Raising a hand, Magneto easily stops Wolverine, dragging him down to the ground, pinning him there on his back, just shy of Magneto at his feet. But this too was a decoy; the real threat was from Beast. Having moved around and scaled the bridge, Beast leaps down, landing behind Magneto, and plunges the cure needles into him. Magneto slowly crumples to the ground, looking at the needles with horror and dismay as his powers fade and he is reverted to a normal human. Jean Grey looks on impassively as Eric Lensherr, ex-Magneto, tells her this is what humanity wants for all mutants. Wolverine and Jean lock eyes as he tells her that the battle is over. But the arriving ground troop reinforcements from the army arrive, blindly charging and firing a massive barrage of cure needles. Jean hears their shouts and the sound of the needles launching. Fear gives way to anger, which gives way to rage, and Dark Phoenix stirs from within Jean: the queen on the chessboard. With but a dark glare, the needles and the entire contingent of reinforcement soldiers are disintegrated. The X-Men watch in horror as Phoenix begins unleashing her powers, tearing the entire island apart, indiscriminately disintegrating and eradicating anything that gets too close to her, human and mutant alike, the X-Men jet, the upper floors of the prison complex. Wolverine tells Storm that he is the only one who can still stop Phoenix. Storm leads the X-Men and remaining soldiers to evacuate the island and flee across the bridge. Shadowcat emerges from the prison complex with Leech and follows the flight. Even Eric stares in fear at what he's unleashed before also fleeing. Wolverine begins trudging toward Jean. Phoenix turns her assault on him; the disintegrating flesh sloughing off Wolverine's body and pushing his instant regenerative powers to the limit. Finally Wolverine reaches her and stands face to face. With a look of cruel amusement, Phoenix asks Wolverine if he'd die for his fellow X-Men. A look of sorrow in his eyes, Wolverine answers, "Not for them... for you." The emotional response jars Jean's consciousness back to the surface with a gasp. Gazing deep into Wolverine's eyes, Jean begins to cry. She tearfully begs Wolverine to kill her so she can be saved from Phoenix, and from herself. Wolverine hesitates, telling Jean he loves her, before driving his claws through her midsection. Instantly his face turns grieved, but Jean smiles in silent gratitude and peacefully closes her eyes before slumping lifeless in Wolverine's arms. Cut to the Xavier mutant academy, Shadowcat standing before the graves of Xavier, Jean and Cyclops, the grave markers bearing their full real names. The school is back in full operation with Storm running it in Xavier's place. Marie D'Ancanto has returned, though she has voluntarily undergone the cure and is no longer Rogue. She tells Iceman it's what she wanted, as she holds his hand for the first time. Leech is now also a student at the school. Wolverine, now a full-time teacher at the academy, watches a news bulletin where the President introduces Beast, as Dr. Hank McCoy, having appointed him as the new United States ambassador to the United Nations, representing mutant interests. In the last scene, Angel is seen flying over the still-broken Golden Gate Bridge. As he continues soaring through the air, the camera pans down from him to a peaceful park where people are engaged in playing chess. The camera pans along them to zoom in on one person sitting with no opponent, before a board on which sit metallic pieces. It is Eric Lensherr. He raises a hand toward the black queen and concentrates, and the chess piece only teeters very slightly. In an extra scene after the closing credits are finished, Dr. Moira MacTaggart is seen walking into the hospital room of the brain-dead man. To her astonishment and shock, the man's face suddenly turns to her and says, "Hello, Moira," in Xavier's voice. Freeze on Moira's face as she softly whispers, "Charles?" 
 Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels (1998)541) Eddy persuades his three pals to pool money for a vital poker game against a powerful local mobster, Hatchet Harry. Eddy loses, after which Harry gives him a week to pay back 500,000 pounds. Four Jack-the-lads find themselves heavily - seriously heavily - in debt to an East End hard man and his enforcers after a crooked card game. Overhearing their neighbours in the next flat plotting to hold up a group of out-of-their-depth drug growers, our heroes decide to stitch up the robbers in turn. In a way the confusion really starts when a pair of antique double-barrelled shotguns go missing in a completely different scam. Eddy has been known as a cardsharp since he was young. So he and his three friends Soap, Tom and Bacon all decide to chip in 25,000 each to allow him to play in an illegal high-roller game run by one of the local villains, Hatchet Harry. However, Eddy didn't realize the game was crooked and he ends up owing Harry 500,000 with dire threats about losing his fingers one at a time if he doesn't pay within a week! Eddy and his friends discuss various completely illegal schemes to obtain the money and eventually decide to rip-off the gang of thieves next door who themselves are planning to raid a clandestine drug growing operation which keeps all of its money in shoe boxes where they grow the cannabis plants. The scheme is simple enough but the best laid plans of mice and men always seems to go awry as does this one. As extreme chaos breaks loose the violence and associated body count spiral out of control, Eddy and his friends realize that they are out of their depth and desperately try to find a way out before they too find themselves among the casualties! Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Four Cockney wide-boys are tricked into owing 500,000 nicker to the local gang-land boss and porn king, 'Hatchet' Harry Lonsdale. With the very real threat of finger amputation looming over them the lads come up with a plan to nick the cash from their next-door neighbours: a gang of hardcase drug-dealers... Meanwhile, 'Hatchet' ain't none too pleased when a pair of antique shotguns wot he wants are sold on by a pair of Scouse thieves, to be used in a "job"... The involvement of a conscientious debt-collector, some public school "chemists", a psychotic hash-baron, a lot of guns and knives, ensures that karma is surrealistically resolved (just!) before the end credits roll... Ian Miller <imiller@csd.abdn.ac.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Long-time friends; Bacon, Soap, Tom and Eddie decide to put together 100,000 to play 3 card brag against "Hatchet" Harry Lonsdale - a porn king of notorious disposition - in a high-stakes card game in the hopes of winning easy money. Aided by Barry "the Baptist", Harry's personal bodyguard and counselor, the game is fixed so that Eddie, the card shark representing the group, loses to Harry and is forced to pay a 500,000 debt within one week, citing the loss of fingers and Eddie's father's bar if he fails to pay. To Eddie's fortune, and the dismay of his friends, all four of the group are tasked with honoring this debt, as they were all responsible for fronting the stake money. Harrys loyal and violent debt collector, Big Chris - who often brings his son and apprentice, Little Chris, to his work - is assigned to collect the payment on the due date. After several days and no ideas to come up with the money, Eddie returns home and overhears his neighbors, a gang of thieves known for robbing drug dealers, planning a heist on some marijuana growers supposedly loaded with cash and drugs. Eddie relays this information to the group, intending for all of them to rob the neighbors as they come back from their heist, therefore solving the debt. Tom uses his connection with an underground dealer, known as Nick "the Greek", to provide them with guns for the job, and to find someone to help them move the drugs. Nick then manages to acquire a pair of antique shotguns, and arrange a deal with Rory Breaker, a gangster and sociopath, to purchase the stolen weed. Prior to the card game, a pair of lowlife criminals, Gary and Dean, were hired by Barry to rob a bankrupt millionaire for Harry, who wanted a specific pair of antique shotguns from the stolen pile for his personal collection. The two guns that Harry wanted, however, were the ones that Gary and Dean sold prematurely to Nick after the robbery. An enraged Barry then threatens the two into getting them back. The neighbors' heist goes underway; Dog, the leader of the gang, learned of the weed chemists from one of the members, and uses his connections to the group to catch them off guard. Despite having a gang member killed by his own Bren Gun, and an incriminating encounter with a traffic warden, the job is otherwise a success. Unfortunately as they come back to the hideout, the four friends ambush the neighbors and take the loot, who later return that night to stash the goods next door, and then celebrate with a wild night of drinking. The various characters finally collide when Rory discovers that the weed he was going to purchase was in fact his; the weed chemists that were robbed were under his employ. Rory interrogates Nick into revealing where the four friends live, and uses one of the chemists to identify the robbers. That same morning, Dog has become furious at having been cheated and, during a tirade, he launches one of his men into a wall, who discovers (through the hole he makes as a result) various sound recording equipment; Dog realizes that his neighbors were the ones who robbed him, and has the men prepare to ambush the friends in the flat as he takes the antique shotguns and counts the money. Gary and Dean call Nick, who (in frustration) directs them to the same address in their search for the antique shotguns, while Big Chris and his son depart to collect the debt, and the four friends drive home from the bar. Rory and his gang assault the flat and enter a shootout with the neighbors, resulting in the deaths of all but Dog and the lone chemist to survive the slaughter, with the latter taking off with the marijuana. Dog is mugged by Big Chris of the shotguns and money during his escape, Gary and Dean stealthily follow Big Chris, and the four friends finally return to the flat, shocked by the carnage and the missing loot. Big Chris then gives the guns and cash to Harry, and as he returns to his car he encounters Dog threatening his son, who wants him to get the loot back from Harry. Desperate to get the guns, Gary and Dean attack Harry and Barry at their office, realizing who they were at the last minute before killing each other in another violent shootout. The four friends soon arrive to find another scene of carnage, and take the opportunity to re-steal the debt money, mystified by their strange fortune. Big Chris then crashes into their car to disable Dog, and after brutalizing him with his car door, he takes the debt money back from the unconscious friends, only to find his employer dead, and Tom just about to make off with the antique shotguns, which he'd briefly paused to examine. The remaining friends were arrested, but were declared innocent after the traffic warden from earlier identified the neighbors bodies as the prime suspects. The four reunite at Eddies fathers bar, and decide to have Tom get rid of the only evidence linking them to all the bloodshed the shotguns. After Tom leaves, Big Chris arrives to bid them farewell, and gives them a catalog on antique guns. Big Chris then leaves, having kept the debt money for himself and his son. A quick perusal of the book reveals that the shotguns the four had bought for the job were each worth a fortune, and so they desperately try to call Tom. The film ends in a cliffhanger when Toms cell phone, stuffed in his mouth, starts ringing as he hangs over the side of a bridge, preparing to drop the shotguns into the River Thames. 
 Snatch (2000)431) Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond. Turkish and his close friend/accomplice Tommy get pulled into the world of match fixing by the notorious Brick Top. Things get complicated when the boxer they had lined up gets badly beaten by Mickey, who comes into the equation after Turkish, an unlicensed boxing promoter wants to buy a caravan off of Travellers. They then try to convince Mickey not only to fight for them, but to lose for them too. Whilst all this is going on, a huge diamond heist takes place, and a fistful of motley characters enter the story, including 'Cousin Avi', 'Boris The Blade', 'Franky Four Fingers' and 'Bullet Tooth Tony'. Things go from bad to worse as it all becomes about the money, the guns, and the damned dog. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Turkish, an unlicenced boxing promoter is pulled into trouble when he becomes involved in big time criminal Brick Top, who wants him to arrange a fight and fix it. Meanwhile, a diamond theft goes down but the 84 karat stone goes missing. This leads Avi, the boss who was supposed to receive the stone, to come to England to search for it, with the help of his cousin, Doug The Head and Bullet Tooth Tony. As events twist and turn, the two situations blend into one with a chain reaction of events carrying on for each and every character. ~^~X~^~ Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as we see boxing promoter Turkish (Jason Statham) and his naive partner Tommy (Stephen Graham), sitting nervously before an unseen man, in London. Turkish gives a brief narration about the circumstances, then the movie really takes off. We then jump to Antwerp, where gangster and compulsive gambler Frankie Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro) and his buddies, dressed like rabbis, pull off a daring robbery and nab an 86-karat diamond (throughout the rest of the film, it's either 86-karat or 84-karat, depending on which character states it, or it loses value after going through so many hands). One of Frankie's men is the brother of ex-KGB gangster Boris the Blade (Rade Serbedzija), aka Boris the Bullet-Dodger, named due to his unique ability to defy death. Boris is now in the business of selling guns on the blackmarket, and lures Frankie to buy a gun, in order to steal the diamond. Meanwhile, Frankie has contacted jewelry retailer Doug the Head (Mike Reid) about the diamond. Doug lives in the Jewish community of London, although he himself is not even Jewish. Nevertheless, Doug contacts his Cousin Avi (Dennis Farina) in New York about the diamond. Avi sounds very interested, and tells Doug to keep Frankie close and interested in selling. At the same time, Turkish and Tommy are preparing for a big bout, using their premier boxer, Gorgeous George. Tommy is being overprotective these days, and carries a small firearm that he bought from Boris the Blade. Turkish and Tommy run a legitimate slot machine business on the side, to compensate for the illegal boxing that they participate in, and their office is a run-down caravan. Turkish is unimpressed by doing deals in such a crappy environment, so he urges Tommy to go buy a new caravan from a traveling band of gypsies (or pikies, as everyone else calls them). Tommy goes to the campsite, accompanied by Gorgeous George. It's there that they meet One Punch Mickey O'Neil (Brad Pitt), a tough, indecipherable part-time pugilist. Tommy buys the caravan, but as he and Gorgeous George are leaving, the wheels of the caravan almost immediately fall off. Tommy asks for the money back, but Mickey refuses. Gorgeous George demands the money back, and starts throwing his weight around, unti Mickey decides that he and Gorgeous George fight for it. They have a bare-knuckle brawl, and while Mickey is still removing his hat and shirt, Goregous George starts throwing punches. He beats Mickey up for awhile, until Mickey lays just one punch into Gorgeous George, knocking him out cold. Tommy reports back to Turkish about the bad news regarding Gorgeous George, but tells Turkish about Mickey's mean left cross. With Gorgeous George out of commission, Turkish is in dutch with debt to. Brick Top is very pissed that Gorgeous George is not going to fight, due to all the bets that were placed on him. Turkish, desperate, turns to Mickey, who says he'll do the fight if Turkish buys his mother a new caravan. Brick Top is not too impressed by this change in the cast, but allows Mickey to fight in place of Gorgeous George, granted that Mickey will take the dive in the fourth round. During his meeting with Frankie, Boris the Blade convinces the gambler to go place a bet on the fights that night. Frankie is interested, and does so. To get the diamond, Boris hires inept pawnbrokers, Vinny (Robbie Gee) and Sol (Lennie James), to rob the bookie and steal the briefcase (containing the diamond) from Frankie. Boris gets the briefcase (its contents unknown to Vinny and Sol) and the pawnbrokers get the cash, roughly 10,000 pounds. Vinny and Sol enlist a getaway driver named Tyrone (Ade), a man so large he has trouble getting out of the car. Also along for the ride is a dog that Vinny found. The dog is very restless, always chewing and biting things, and even swallows its squeaky toy, making it squeak whenever it barks. Frankie parks his van in front of the bookie's, and goes to the back to change. Just then, the pawnbrokers crash into his van, knocking Frankie out cold. The pawnrokers stakeout the bookie's, until it's time. Meanwhile, Turkish is very nervous about the fight, and urges Mickey continuously to go down in the fourth. Mickey just nods. When the fight begins, Mickey throws the first punch, and knocks the other fighter out cold. Now, Turkish and Tommy are in big trouble. Brick Top is not very happy. Vinny and Sol finally decide to rob the bookie's. When they enter the building and draw their guns, the girl working the counter immediately hits the alarm, closing off all of the windows and doors, trapping Vinny and Sol inside. Vinny is actually trapped in the closed window, half of his body hanging out. Sol blows a hole in the wall with his shotgun, and tells the girl to lower the window so Vinny can get free. She does, Vinny falls to the ground, and Sol tells the girl to hand over the money. She says there is no money, since all bets are off. There's only a few coins. When Sol accidentally places his shotgun down for a second, the girl grabs it, fires at them, and closes the window. Sol fires his pistol at the door trying to break the glass, but the bullet ricochets, hitting Vinny in the leg. Both men take off their masks, only to see the security camera looking straight at them. Suddenly, Tyrone pushes the door open, and the three run back to the car. As they are preparing to leave, they see Frankie, now awake, exiting his van. Tyrone walks up to him and knocks him out cold with the butt of his pistol. He tries taking the briefcase, but it's attached to Frankie's arm, so Tyrone puts Frankie's unconscious body in the car with him and the pawnbrokers. Back in New York, Avi is hounding Doug the Head about the whereabouts of Frankie. Doug says he's looking, but can't find him. Actually, Doug isn't looking, and Avi knows this, so he flies to London himself. Avi reems out Doug about not finding the diamond, and sets his sights on getting it himself. At the pawnshop, Vinny, Sol and Tyrone have Frankie tied to a chair, a sack over his head. Boris the Blade enters, and asks why they brought Frankie with them, instead of just cutting off his arm and taking the briefcase. Vinny tells Boris there was no money at the bookie, so Boris compensates them with the 10,000 pounds in cash upfront. Vinny declines, saying that he and his pals are more interested in the diamond. They opened the case, and found the stone, and demand half of whatever it's worth. Boris explains that whatever is in the briefcase is his, but Vinny won't listen and walks away. Boris, angry but cool about it, pulls out his gun, and shoots Frankie in the head. The pawnbrokers are now scared out of their wits. Boris demands the diamond, but the pawnbrokers had put it back in the briefcase and only Frankie knew the combination. Boris, getting very agitated, pulls out a meat cleaver, and hacks off Frankie's arm. He takes the briefcase, with the arm still attached, and tells the pawnbrokers they can keep the 10,000 pounds, as well as the body. It's now their problem. Turkish returns home, and finds Brick Top with two of his goons waiting for him. Brick Top explains that Turkish is in deep trouble, however, Brick Top was impressed by Mickey's style, and tells Turkish that he wants to use the gypsy in a bare-knuckle fight coming up, with Mickey still going down in the fourth. Turkish agrees, and Brick Top leaves, but not until taking most of Turkish's money to compensate for Mickey's stubborness. Now, Brick Top wants to know who tried to hit the bookie, so he and his goons watch the security tape. They don't recognize Sol and Vinny, but one of the goons recognizes Tyrone when he opened the door. Turkish and Tommy venture back out to the campsites, and find Mickey and his friends "coursing" , a game that involves hungry dogs chasing a hare. Turkish asks Mickey to fight in the bare-knuckle brawl. Mickey tells the promoters that he still wants the caravan for his mother, but he'll place a bet about his conditions of fighting. If the hare gets away, Turkish has to pay up, but if the dogs capture the hare, Mickey will fight for free. They let the hare go, and the dogs chase after it. This scene is intercut with Brick Top's goons locating, chasing and capturing Tyrone, putting him in a hole with angry dogs. Tyrone tells Brick Top everything about the robbery. At the same time, the hare, after some close calls, escapes with its life. Turkish has to look into getting the caravan. On the drive back to town, Tommy tries to test out the gun that Boris sold to him, but it's defective and won't fire. Avi, growing very upset with Doug, decides to hire a troubleshooter by the name of Bullet-Tooth Tony (Vinnie Jones), who, as legend has it, took six bullets in one sitting, and survived. Tony agrees to work for Avi, and the two, along with Avi's sidekick, Rosebud, go to get information. Tony grabs a con named Mullet (Ewen Bremner, "Spud" from "Trainspotting") off the street, traps his head in the car window, and drives down the street, with Mullet running along side the car, until Mullet spills the beans, and reveals to them about the pawnbrokers. Back at the pawnshop, Vinny and Sol are trying to dispose of Frankie's body, when suddenly Brick Top walks in. He explains to them the best way to dispose of the body is to feed the flesh to pigs. That's his method, anyways. Brick Top leads them to their outer office, where a group of goons wait, with bodybags, butcher knives, etc., basically preparing for the pawnbrokers' demise. Sol, in desperation, tells Brick Top about the diamond, and says that he and Vinny can get it for him in four days. Brick Top agrees, but gives them 48 hours instead. Turkish tells Brick Top the demands regarding the upcoming bout. He says that Mickey's mother wants a new caravan. Brick Top is very pissed that Turkish would have the balls to demand things of him, so he decides to put his message across. Some goons smash up Turkish's slot machines. Turkish knocks two of them out, but they eventually nab him, and are about to cut off his arm, when Tommy walks in, with his defective gun, and gets him and Turkish out of there. Brick Top also wants to make clear to Mickey about his point, so he burns down Mickey's mother's caravan...with his mother inside. Mickey tries to save her, but his friends hold him back, as the flames grow higher. Tony and Avi go over to the pawnbrokers, where Vinny reveals, with Tony's gun to his head, that it was all Boris the Blade's idea. Tony is surprised to hear this name, and tells Avi about Boris. While they are waiting at Doug the Head's jewelry shop, they see Boris enter on the security camera. Rosebud says he'll take care of Boris. The next cut shows Rosebud, Tony and Avi in the car, all a little beaten up. They got Boris, though, and put him in their trunk, with a little difficulty. They go over to Boris' house, and get the diamond. The pawnbrokers don't have any guns, but they purchase some replicas with extra loud blanks to get back the diamond from Boris. They're tipped off by Tyrone that he found Boris, but he wasn't alone. That's when the bizarre car montage begins... The pawnbrokers are following Avi and Tony when suddenly they hit someone standing in the street. Turkish and Tommy are driving along in their Land Rover, and Tommy is explaining why it's bad for Turkish to drink milk. Tommy grabs the milk, and tosses it out of the window, only to hear a crash. Tony is driving Avi and Rosebud, and Avi says that he wants to kill Boris. Tony suggests shooting him. Avi says it's too loud. Tony suggests stabbing. Avi says it's too cold-blooded. Tony says they should stab him, and tells Rosebud to pull out a blade from under the seat. Rosebud pulls out a large sword, when suddenly...a carton of milk splashes onto the windshield, causing Tony to crash. Tony and Avi are fine, but Rosebud is dead, the sword sticking out of him. Avi looks across the street and sees Boris, tied up with a sack over his head, walking around, until suddenly hit, by the pawnbroker's car. Turkish and Tommy are now at Boris', with Tommy ready to demand his money back for the defective gun. Suddenly, Boris, still very much alive and angry, walks by them. Tommy tries to talk to him, but Boris racks him. Boris walks inside his house, and grabs a large assault rifle, like the one in "Scarface." Tony and Avi, trying to keep it cool, go into a nearby pub to clean up. Avi goes to the bathroom with the diamond. Tony goes to the bar, and orders a pint. The pawnbrokers walk in, in masks with their replicas, and point them at Tony, who is very calm. They demand to know where the diamond is, but Tony says that they're not going to get anywhere with those guns, considering they have "replica" written down the side of them. Tony draws their attention to his gun, which has Desert Eagle .50 written down the side of it. The pawnbrokers leave, but while they are in the hall, Avi opens the bathroom door. The pawnbrokers point their replicas at Avi, and demand the diamond. Avi says they're going to have to shoot him. Suddenly, Boris enters, with his assault rifle, and he's about to shoot everyone. Tony is in the other room, but can hear everything. He finds the hall door is locked, and yells for Avi to grab his socks ("get down!"). Avi and the pawnbrokers drop to the ground, as Tony fires round after round through the wall, hitting Boris. Vinny and Sol get up, grab the case, and run, leaving Tyrone behind. Tony walks into the hallway, reloads, and shoots Boris a few more times. But Boris is still alive. It takes the entire round, and a shot to the head to finally kill Boris the Bullet-Dodger. Tony also tries to shoot Tyrone, but the gun is empty. Vinny and Sol, now that they have the diamond, are about to give it to Brick Top, when Tony suddenly appears. Vinny hides the diamond in his pants, and tells Sol to tell Tony and Avi it's back at the pawnshop. They all go back to the pawnshop. Vinny's dog has torn the place up, shredding papers and defecating on the floor. Avi tells Tony to open a window. Vinny says the diamond is missing, the dog must have eaten it. Avi tells Tony to open the dog up, but Vinny resists. There's a lot of commotion, and Vinny finally hands the diamond over to Avi. Avi admires the diamond, but the dog suddenly jumps up and grabs the diamond with its mouth. Avi is very angry now, and grabs Tony's gun and starts firing everywhere. The dog jumps out of the open window. Avi tells Tony to follow him, but Tony isn't going anywhere. Avi realizes that he just accidently killed Tony. This sends Avi back to New York. During O'Neil's wake, Mickey gets very, very drunk. Turkish and Tommy wake him up, and get him ready for the fight. Brick Top tells the gypsy to do as he says, considering there's a handful of men waiting at the campground, armed and awaiting Brick Top's instructions to kill the other gypsies, should Mickey disobey him. Mickey once again must go down in the fourth. Turkish yells at Mickey not to knock the other fighter out. The bout begins, and Mickey once again opens with his mean left cross, knocking the other fighter down, but not out. The fight really starts, and the two are merely trading licks. Mickey is not fighting like he normally does, and is soon taking a beating. Finally, in the fourth round, after taking some mighty hits, Mickey is knocked hard to the ground. As he hits the ground, the floor of the mat suddenly turns into water, and Mickey is swimming underwater, looking above to see himself lying down with the other fighter above him. All Mickey has to do now is stay down. However, Mickey swims back up into his body, and, with one swift punch, knocks the other fighter out cold. Brick Top rushes outside. He wants to shoot Turkish, Mickey and Tommy as they are leaving. Brick Top calls one of his men on his cell phone, and hears gunfire. He hangs up, and as Turkish, Mickey, and Tommy are getting to their car, Brick Top knocks on the window of his car, and demands that his goon give him a gun. Suddenly, there's a shot. We then retrace back, with Turkish's narration, that Mickey was expecting the ambush on the campsite. The other gypsies surround Brick Top's men, and blow them away. When Brick Top called one of his men, Mickey's buddy answers, and says that Brick Top is going to speak up if his friend wants to hear him. Mickey's friend then shoots Brick Top's man. The gypsies are also waiting in Brick Top's car, and when Brick Top demands a gun, one of the gypsies roll down the window, and shoots Brick Top in the face. Mickey takes off with the gypsies, leaving Turkish and Tommy a bit confused. The next day, Turkish and Tommy go to the campsite, to find it abandoned. The gypsies left in the middle of the night. Some police officers arrive, and ask Turkish what he's doing there. Suddenly, Turkish spots Vinny's dog, and tells the officer he was walking his dog. Tommy grabs the dog, and he and Turkish leave, only to pass by Vinny and Sol by their car on the side of the road, being questioned by cops why they have a dead man missing his arm in their trunk. Turkish goes on to explain that Tommy wanted to keep the dog, but Turkish made it go to the vet, to stop the squeaking. While at the vet, they discovered the diamond, and now we are back to the first scene of the film, with Turkish and Tommy sitting nervously across from an unseen man. Turkish is inquiring about the diamond, and the camera does a quick dolly to reveal Doug the Head, who says he might know someone interested in it. We cut back to see Avi boarding a plane for London. 