nm0005267:

 Alice and the Monster (2012)Summaries Alice Hughes, who has always been successful at business but not at love, finds herself at the beginnings of a fantastic new romance at the same time she is diagnosed with a possibly terminal brain tumor. She's faced with a decision: play out the wonderful things happening in her life in what short time she has left, or undergo a dangerous treatment and long rehab, and risk losing everything she's gained for a slim chance at longer life. Alice and the Monster mixes humor, drama and romance as Alice struggles to make this monumental decision amid the reactions her cancer elicits from the people around her. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drop Dead Gorgeous (1999)Summaries A small-town beauty pageant turns deadly as it becomes clear that someone will go to any lengths to win. In a small Minnesota town, the annual beauty pageant is being covered by a TV crew. Former winner Gladys Leeman wants to make sure her daughter follows in her footsteps. Explosions, falling lights, and trailer fires prove that. As the Leemans are the richest family in town the police are pretty relaxed about it all. Despite everything, main rival (but nice) Amber Atkins won't be stopped. There could well be more death and disappointment to come. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cannabis Moms Club (2016 )Summaries Five moms get together under the guise of a jewelry party and discover they have a common interest. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 TheCampusHouse.com (2002 Video)Summaries 30 years after the brutal murder of Katherine Blakely in her family's estate, the Blakely Mansion is open again, home to seven college students exposing their lives on a new website, TheCampusHouse.com. But someone doesn't want them there. It's been thirty years since the brutal murder of Katherine Blakely in her family's home. Now after years of neglect, the Blakely Home is open again, home to seven college students exposing their lives on a new website "TheCampusHouse.com" - But someone doesn't want them there! Anonymous It's been 30 years since the brutal murder of Katherine Blakely in her family's mansion. Now, after years of neglect, the Blakely Mansion is open again, home to seven college students exposing their lives on a new website, "TheCampusHouse.com". But someone doesn't want them there. And on this anniversary of Katherine's death, the killing begins again. A man brandishing a sickle - the same weapon used in the 1971 attack - slices a teenage girl to death in a nearby college dorm. Tensions build in the mansion as the students deal with the news of the murder. Brook, a smart, attractive girl, thinks the original Blakely Mansion murderer is back. Most of the others, however, think she's jumping to conclusions. Ian, a mysterious foreign-exchange student, supports Brook's theories but has a romantic agenda as well. We see Sarah, talking into a grainy web cam, breaking into tears as she talks about how scared she is, how vulnerable she feels. Then there's Drew, the all-American frat boy, posing for the web camera, talking about which woman he'll try to hit on next. Michael Braemore, the ambitious, determined director of the internet show, tries to alleviate his cast members' fears and assures them that security measures have been taken, and that the launch of "TheCampusHouse.com" will proceed as planned the next day. But that night, the man with the sickle finds his way to the Blakely Mansion and continues his murder spree. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 