nm0000433:

 License to Drive (1988)761) A teen decides to go for a night on the town with his friends despite flunking his driver's test. Les doesn't have a driving license yet, but to impress his gorgeous date Mercedes he borrows his grandpa's Cadillac for a night out... and has to witness the poor car going through more and more intense maltreatments. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> The sixteen year-old Les Anderson has a crush on his schoolmate Mercedes Lane, but he is shy and she has a boyfriend, Paolo, who has a fancy car. Les and his twin sister Natalie Anderson are preparing to the driving test and while Natalie studies the questions, he does not pay attention to them. Les fails the test but is not brave enough to tell neither to his father Mr. Anderson nor to his pregnant mother Mrs. Andersonand his best friends Dean and the clumsy Charles. When Mercedes has an argument with Paolo, she invites Les to date her to make Paolo jealous. Meanwhile Les' parents discover that he has flunked his driver's test and they ground him. However, when Mercedes calls him asking if they are not going to date, Les sneaks away from his house and drives his grandfather's Cadillac that is parked in the garage to date Mercedes in the beginning of a nightmarish night of adventures. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is about to take his driving test. He has a few things planned, based on the presumption that he will pass. Not least is a date with the girl of his dreams, Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). Then he fails, and his plans are shattered. He doesn't tell anyone that he has failed though and goes ahead with the date with Mercedes. Key to his night out is taking his grandfather's prized 16-year old low-mileage Cadillac, left in the care of his father. The car, and his attempts to keep it unharmed, are the source of many adventures that night. However, his friend, Dean (Corey Feldman), is the number 1 source, egging him on. grantss Les is a teenager attempting to learn how to drive, as well as catch the eye of a popular girl. He is able to secure a date with the girl, Mercedes, and it is assumed he will drive. But, he doesn't have his license yet. When it comes time for his driving test, he fails. He doesn't want to risk the chance at going out with Mercedes, so he decides to go anyway. Not only does he disobey his parents by going in the first place, but he takes his grandfather's prized possession - his Cadillac. Will he get through the night without wrecking the car, and get away with sneaking out, or will his plan collapse? Anonymous 'An innocent girl. A harmless drive. What could possibly go wrong?' For sixteen year old Les Anderson, plenty can go wrong when you have a night like his. He's an adolescent American with dreams of getting his hands on his first driver's license, so he can hit the town cruising with his friends Dean and Charles, but ultimately to impress the girl of his dreams, Mercedes Lane. Unfortunately for Les, his worst nightmare hits home hard when he fails his driving exam and his parents put him on probation for trying to hide the truth, so now his chances of being able to drive are squashed badly. However, Mercedes, who has just broken up with her old boyfriend who's a rich snob, is bored and wants to keep the date that she promised with Les and the youngster's heart skips a beat when she calls him up asking to go out for a night on the town. Les knows he's risking big-time punishment, but he decides that if he's gonna go down, he may as well have some fun with the girl of his dreams. When he takes his grandfather's prized Cadillac on his date with Mercedes, hilarity ensues with him, his friends Dean and Charles and his drunken date as they do all they can to get the Caddy home in one piece as comical disaster roars down the fast lane. Keno Reeves (spywatcher459) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is eagerly looking forward to getting his driver's license, freedom for a teenager who takes the bus to school, and a way to possibly pick up girls. One whom Les has his eye on, is Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham). However, she seems to already have a boyfriend, who drives a Ferrari. A few days later, Les is picked up by his friends Dean (Corey Feldman) and Charles (Michael Manasseri), and go to a party. While there, the trio see Mercedes getting into a heated argument with her boyfriend. Attempting to get out of the argument, she tells her boyfriend that she's going to go out with Les next Saturday. The next day, Les is picked up from school by his Dad (Richard Masur), who is driving their Grandpa's Cadillac (as Grandpa has taken Dad's BMW, not wanting to drive his own Caddy over long distances). Les is at first embarrassed, but grows excited when his Dad explains that he thought he can drive the Cadillac for a little bit (with his Dad supervising of course!). Reaching an upcoming corner, Les sees Mercedes wakling down the street, and begs his Dad to let him drive the car by himself, to impress her. Les' Dad gives in, but Les' plan to just drive Mercedes home takes another turn, when she tells how she's going across town to see a friend. Wanting to impress her, Les drives her there. On his way back home, Les comes across his Dad who is very upset that Les broke his word. The next day, Les and his twin sister Natalie (Nina Siemaszko) both take the driver's test via computer. Though Natalie finishes quickly, Les becomes flustered, and eventually fails. Angered, he 'boxes' the monitor, causing all the computers to shut down. As DMV attempts to recover the data, they allow Les to take a driving test, feeling that since his twin sister scored highly, he should also be good once the data is recovered. Natalie also takes a driving test, wherein the instructor is very calming. Les is given an instructor, who only has one stipulation: if Les can keep the cup of coffee he has from spilling, he passes. Les manages to make it through, and gets his license...but seconds later, the instructor in the computer room tells that after recovering the results, Les has failed, and tears up his license in front of him! Les comes home to an enthusiastic family, and lies to them, telling that he's 'a free man.' However, when his Mom (Carol Kane) does the laundry some time afterwards, she finds the 'Failed Test' paper in his pants pocket, and soon the entire family knows. Les' father even grounds Les for 2 weeks for lying to the family. Les' friends even try to get him to come out due to getting his license, but he lies, claiming he has other things to do. Later on that evening, Les gets a call from Mercedes, asking if he's still going to take her out. Les lies, claiming he's on his way (after making sure his parents are sound asleep!). Les manages to get his Grandpa's Cadillac out of the garage, and picks up Mercedes. They at first attempt to go to a club, but Les is refused entrance by the bouncer. Mercedes does get in, but upon seeing her boyfriend with another woman, quickly grabs a nearby bottle of champagne, and returns outside. However, Les' problems are increased when a tow-truck begins to tow away the Caddy. Les manages to get the car untowed, but ends up paying over all the money he has. Mercedes then requests that they go to a lookout point high above the city. However, during her time there, she ends up finishing off the bottle of champagne. She ends up dancing on the hood of the car, and caving in the hood when she causes Les and her to fall on it! Getting her back in the car, she ends up knocked out from her drinking escapade. Les then goes over to Dean's place, where Dean manages to take care of the dented hood, by banging it back into proper condition. Both Dean and Charles are eager to see Les' license, and claim that they should head to a place called Atomic Avenue. Les tries to convince them not to go there, but is coerced into it. After a harrowing incident on the freeway, the group ends up at Shakey's where they attempt to sober up Mercedes, but at the insistence of Dean, put her in the car trunk, and decide to head off to Atomic Avenue, where Dean is sure they can meet some more girls. They arrive, and the place seems exciting, but Charles accidentally ends up denting the door of a guy's Pontiac GTO. The man then attempts to smash the group's windshield with a crowbar, causing Les to quickly take off! They end up almost being found out when going by a protest area (where Les' sister and her boyfriend are!), before getting pulled over at a Police checkpoint. Les gives over his school bus pass, but the situation almost takes a turn for the worse when the officer finds a sleeping Mercedes in the car trunk! However, the police checkpoint is dismantled when word comes that the protest has become a riot! The boys then decide to head home, but are sidelined when a drunken driver gets into the Cadillac, and drives off! Luckily, they managed to get Mercedes out of the trunk before this, and all pile into the drunk's VW Bug. Les' night gets worse as the driver veers all over the road, scratching up the car, and causing severe damage to it! Les manages to get into the car and stops it, right before it almost flies into a pit. Les manages to get his friends home, and get Mercedes back to her place, who claims she had a nice time, and kisses him! Les gets the car into the garage, just as his parents come downstairs, as his pregnant mother has just gone into labor! Les' Dad is about to give Les a huge lecture, when the cries of his wife cause him to stop. Needing someone to drive, Dad relents and allows Les back behind the wheel. Arriving at a cross street, the family is thrown into turmoil when the forward drive on the car breaks, with the only option, to go in reverse. At the insistence of his family, Les throws the car in reverse, and manages to get his family to the hospital. Les' Dad is impressed by his son's driving skills...but the moment is ruined when a giant I-beam from a nearby construction site, crashes onto the Cadillac. Some time later, Grandpa comes back for his car. The family is ready for him to get angry, but are surprised when he starts laughing. Grandpa claims he had some problems driving Dad's car, and if on cue, a tow truck pulls up, with Dad's BMW smashed up! Dad then attempts to push the broken car on Les, when Mercedes pulls up in her car. Les responds to his Dad with, "I already have a Mercedes," hopping in her car, and driving off down the road with her. 
 Silver Bullet (1985)541) In a small town, brutal killings start to plague the close knit community. Marty Coslaw, a paraplegic boy, is convinced the murders are the doings of a werewolf. The small town of Tarker's Mills was a place that was very peaceful, where nothing extraordinary ever happened until one night when murders began. The townspeople believe it's some maniacal killer on the loose whom they intend to hunt down. Marty, a young handicapped boy, believes the killer is no man at all, but a werewolf. After a run-in with the werewolf, Marty and his sister Jane hunt all over town for the man who is the werewolf. <webmistress@shiversofhorror.com> After gruesome murders, citizens from a small town form a vigilante justice group against the wishes of the local Sheriff and the Reverend. A young kid escape the attack of the monster thereby putting his life in danger as he is the only one who knows the identity of the monster. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the spring of 1976, inhabitants of the peaceful town of Tarker's Mills, rocked by recent, violent murders, press Sheriff Joe Haller to investigate and find those responsible. Meanwhile, crippled boy Marty is very happy with the new motorized wheelchair his dear Uncle Red has given him. One night, Marty sneaks out to a remote bridge to set off some fireworks that Red also gave to him and is attacked by a hairy creature. Luckily, Marty shoots a rocket in to the left eye of the attacker and escapes. He tells his sister Jane he was attacked by a werewolf and convinces her to seek out anyone in town with an injured eye. She discovers that it's the local reverend who is the creature. Now the siblings have to convince Uncle Red to help them prepare for a visit by the reverend at the next full moon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comments by Actor / Writer Roy C. Peterson Wonderful juxtaposition of the small pastoral southern town with the horrific events which soon invade it. One morning a local railroad employee and drunkard is found mangled on the train tracks. What else would have done this but the nightly train? The way he was passing out all the time it was long overdue. But it wasn't the train. It was a werewolf. A really big, unusually angry werewolf. In size he is more like a were-bear. In the first scene where we see him, he appears at a girls bedroom window, then disappears, then suddenly reappears smashing the through entire window casing. Then, with claws like a bear, he just rips that girl to shreds. This is an excellent adaptation of the werewolf legend to America. The story is engrossing with surprising plot twists and the acting is excellent. 
 The Lost Boys (1987)541) After moving to a new town, two brothers discover that the area is a haven for vampires. A mother and her two sons move to a small coast town in California. The town is plagued by bikers and some mysterious deaths. The younger boy makes friends with two other boys who claim to be vampire hunters while the older boy is drawn into the gang of bikers by a beautiful girl. The older boy starts sleeping days and staying out all night while the younger boy starts getting into trouble because of his friends' obsession. Zaphod <aaa@scs.leeds.ac.uk> Financial troubles force a recent divorce and her teenage sons Mike and Sam to settle down with her father in the California town of Santa Carla. The town is plagued by bikers and some mysterious deaths. At first, Sam laughs off rumors he hears about vampires who inhabit the small town, until he makes friends with two other boys who claim to be vampire hunters. But after Mike meets a beautiful girl at the local amusement park, he begins to exhibit the classic signs of vampirism, sleeping days and staying out all night, and is drawn into the gang of bikers by the beautiful girl. The younger boy starts getting into trouble because of his friends' obsession. Fearing for his own safety, Sam recruits the two young vampire hunters to save his brother by finding and destroying the head vampire. JRemingtonW Financial troubles force a recent divorcee and her teenage sons Mike and Sam to settle down with her father in the California town of Santa Carla. At first, Sam laughs off rumours he hears about vampires who inhabit the small town. But after Mike meets a beautiful girl at the local amusement park, he begins to exhibit the classic signs of vampirism. Fearing for his own safety, Sam recruits two young vampire hunters to save his brother by finding and destroying the head vampire. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following the divorce of their parents, Micheal [Jason Patric] and Sam [Corey Haim] Emerson, along with their mother Lucy [Dianne Wiest], move to Santa Carla, California to live with their mother's father, a peculiar old man [Barnard Hughes]. Known as the murder capital of the world, Santa Carla boasts a local boardwalk where a number of young people hang out. Most notable is a group of young men and their leader named David [Keifer Sutherland]. When the Emersons go out to the boardwalk for the first time, Lucy finds a video store run by a genial man named Max [Edward Herrmann]. They have a pleasant conversation, and Lucy is soon hired by him. Sam finds a comic shop near the boardwalk, overseen by the Frog Brothers, Edgar [Corey Feldman] and Alan [Jamison Newlander]. The two give Sam a comic about vampires, which Sam reluctantly takes. Meanwhile, Michael becomes enthralled by the mysterious and beautiful Star [Jami Gertz], who happens to be the girlfriend of David. David and his gang take Michael to their hideout, which is the remnants of an old hotel that collapsed during an earthquake. While there, Michael inadvertently drinks David's blood, thinking it is wine. Michael starts to develop some side effects - including sensitivity to sounds, a lack of reflection, and even flying. At one point, Michael almost attacks Sam, but is stopped by the family dog named Nanook. When Sam notices Michael's faded reflection in a mirror and him being able to fly, he realizes his brothers a vampire, and in a panic calls their Mom, who is having dinner with Max. Michael manages to calm Sam down, to the point that when their Mom arrives, Sam claims a comic book freaked him out. Needless to say, Lucy is upset at having her evening ruined. After these events, Michael returns to David's hideout, where he confronts Star. She admits that the bottle he drank from did contain David's blood, and his suspicions are true. The next day, Sam accompanies his Mom to Max's place to drop off some wine. However, they are both terrified when Max's dog Thorn attempts to attack Lucy! Feeling the attack seemed similar to something in the comic he was given, Sam tells the Frog Brothers. In regards to Michael, the brother claim Sam has to stake Michael to kill him, but Sam refuses, confident that his brother is only a half-vampire, and that he can be saved if the head-vampire is killed. After the way Thorn acted and not having seen Max in the daylight, Sam is convinced that Max is the head-vampire. Lucy invites Max over to dinner a few days later. Michael leaves when Max arrives, but not before per Kax's request, he invites him in. Sam has brought the Frog Brothers over for the dinner, and they attempt to expose him. However none of their plans work, and they conclude that Max is not the head-vampire. Finally, Michael decides to take Star, along with a little half-vampire boy named Laddie Thompson [Chance Michael Corbitt], from David's clutches and brings Sam and the Frog Brothers with him to kill David and his gang while Michael grabs Star and Laddie. The inexperienced Frog Brothers manage to kill one vampire before waking the bunch and flee into the daylight. David smiles as the group escapes saying "tonight". Sam, Michael, and the Frog Brothers prepare for the night ahead. They prepare a bathtub full of garlic. They fill squirt guns with holy water. They prepare wooden stakes. Night falls and David and the remainder of his crowd come to Sam and Michael's house to seek vengeance. Sam and Michael take out one of the vampires by electricity and the Frog Brothers are saved by Sam & Michael's dog when the dog knocks a vampire into the bathtub with garlic. Finally, David and Michael face off. Michael kills David by pushing him onto some antlers. The only problem is that Michael doesn't go back to being human, meaning David is not the head-vampire. Just then Lucy comes home with Max from a date. Unseen by Max, Michael and Star hide in the shadows as Max approaches the deceased David. Max appears to be upset by the death. It's then that it is revealed that Max is the head vampire and that David and his gang were Max's "children" of sorts. Max wanted David to make Michael and Sam part of the "family" so that Lucy would agree to being with Max knowing what he is. Max wanted Lucy because his boys were in need of a mother. Even though his boys are dead he still wants Lucy. Max takes hold of Sam, telling Lucy that Sam will die if she doesn't come to him. Just then Lucy's father busts into the house in his car equipped with wooden stakes. Max is killed and the day is saved. As Lucy makes sure her boys are okay, the grandfather goes to the kitchen, pops open a beer and says "There's one thing about living in Santa Carla...I never could stomach - all the damn vampires." 
 Lucas (1986)44) A socially inept fourteen-year-old experiences heartbreak for the first time when his two best friends - Cappie, an older-brother figure, and Maggie, the new girl with whom he is in love - fall for each other. A socially inept fourteen year old experiences heartbreak for the first time when his two best friends--one an older-brother figure, the other a girl with whom he is in love-- fall for each other. Jojo Mac Lucas is a promising kid, bright, inquisitive, knowledgeable, industrious, but for a boy aged 14 those qualities don't count for much socially, his daily life in high school is a brave but hopeless struggle against cruel ridicule (nicknamed 'leukoplakia') and abuse on account of his frail figure, 'miniature' size and athletic ineptitude, while any demonstration of precocious erudition is frowned upon by his ignorant, dumber peers and seniors, fortunately with one remarkable exception: the studly football team captain, generally known as Cappie, gallantly protects the 'shrimp' and as soon as he gets to know Lucas appreciates his mind and courage, eager to learn from him. The arrival of an attractive new girl in his school and neighborhood proves a mixed blessing: Maggie becomes his best friend and companion, admiring his many talents, but inevitably she soon falls for Cappie the other way, so now his 'big brother' and protector seems little Lucas's rival, however hard the hunk tries to stay friends... KGF Vissers During the summer vacation, the fourteen year-old Lucas Bly meets the sixteen year-old newcomer in town Maggie and they become best friends. Lucas is an intelligent boy that loves bugs and shows the mansion where he lives to Maggie. When classes begin, Maggie learns that Lucas is not a popular student but an outcast nerd at school and bullied by the football players. The football captain Cappie protects Lucas because the boy helped him when he was ill. Soon Lucas has a crush on Maggie but she falls in love with Cappie, while Lucas' schoolmate Rina loves him. When Maggie joins the cheerleaders, Cappie's girlfriend Alise becomes jealous of her and she ends the relationship with Cappie. Meanwhile Lucas joins the football team expecting to impress Maggie. During a game, Lucas is hurt and Maggie finds that he lives in a trailer with his alcoholic father. What will happen to Lucas? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 