nm0001575:

 Paper Moon (1973)651) During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl who may or may not be his daughter, and the two forge an unlikely partnership. Set in the midwest of the depression-era, Paper Moon follows Moses Pray and Addie Loggins - one a con artist, the other, the young girl who's the daughter of a woman who's just passed away. The pair meet when 'Mose' stops by the sparsely-attended funeral in Kansas of a woman he once knew (we never see her). In attendance, is the woman's young daughter, Addie, whom Moses agrees to transport to St Joseph, Mo -- for money, of course. Mose - an inveterate hustler, has been working ostensibly as a representative of the Kansas Bible Company - who picks his marks from the obits, and tries to sell - at exorbitant prices - the decedents' spouse the custom bible they'd previously ordered. Wise beyond her years, Addie picks up on Moses' grift, and very quickly, she and Mose become a team. Traveling from town to town, making money in every dishonest way imaginable, and looking for the ultimate score. The colorful characters they meet along the way make the film all the more interesting. One in particular - Miss Trixie Delight - an exotic dancer who Mose rescues from a traveling carnival and the girl who works for her, poor, suffering Imogene. Addie sees Miss Delight as a potential rival, and she concocts a plan with Imogene to free themselves of her. The film's peppered with regional dialogue, one of the most memorable line's uttered when Mose is forced to wrestle a backwoodsman in order to trade his new car for the hillbilly's battered old truck; "make him say calf-rope, Leroy!" one of the observers calls out. Paper Moon, directed by Peter Bogdonovich is adapted from the novel, "Addie Pray" (1971) by Joe David Brown. MARK FLEETWOOD <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu> During the Great Depression, Moses Pray - a traveling Bible selling hustler, stops at a sparsely attended graveside funeral service in for a woman he met. During the Great Depression, con artist/Bible salesman/hustler, Moses Pray at the Kansas funeral of a woman he'd once known. In attendance, the woman's 9yo daughter, Addie, who he reluctantly agrees to take to St. Joseph, Mo, in exchange for money. Their trip begins poorly, but as they travel, and 'Mo' does his hustle, the pair begin to have a rapport, with both of them wondering if Addie's his daughter, and the further along the pair travel, the deeper their partnership becomes. Huggo Kansas, 1930s. 9-year old Addie Loggins's mother has just died, leaving her alone (she never knew her father). Moses Pray is a con man and initially uses Addie's misfortune to make some money off a third party. With that done, he tries to pack her off on a train to her aunt in Missouri, but Addie won't have any of that. They set off for her aunt's place by car, with neither having much time for the other, initially. grantss When Moze is unexpectedly saddled with getting the 9-year-old Addie to relatives in Missouri after the death of her mother, his attempt to dupe her out of her money backfires, and he's forced to take her on as a partner. Swindling their way through farm country, the pair is nearly done in by a burlesque dancer and an angry bootlegger. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the early 1930s, and a small funeral service is underway at the gravesite of Essie May Loggins. In attendance are two female acquaintances and Addie ( Tatum O'Neal ), the 9-year-old daughter of the deceased. Arriving late for the service is Moses Pray ( Ryan O'Neal ), a suave-looking younger man. It becomes clear that Essie May was a somewhat "loose" woman, and that Moses was one of her lovers. One of the women at the funeral says she notices a resemblance between Moses and Addie, and wonders if Moses is not the girl's father. Moses denies this, but the women persist in questioning him. When they find out that he is heading in the direction of Missouri, they convince Moses to deliver Addie to her aunt and uncle in St. Joseph. Moses is frustrated with this responsibility, but he sees an opportunity in it as well. Moses is a con man, and he uses his own knowledge of Essie May's affairs to blackmail a local man; he takes Addie in to briefly meet the man and then suggests that he may have fathered the child and that Moses could press the issue now that Essie May is dead. Instead of taking responsibility for the child, the man pays Moses $200 to keep quiet, and Moses uses the $200 to buy himself a new car, as well as a train ticket to St. Joseph for Addie. However, Addie is no innocent child. She overhears the conversation that Moses has with his victim, and she refuses to be used in a con game without any compensation: she demands the $200 that Moses acquired, arguing that it's rightfully her money. Moses is furious that Addie is sharp enough to figure out what was going on, and afraid that she might actually blow the whistle on him, he agrees to get her $200 back. After sending a telegram to Addie's relatives saying that she will be delayed, Moses takes Addie with him while he goes to make back her hush money. Addie learns that Moses' hustle is posing as a Bible salesman. He looks in the obituary section of the local newspaper, goes to the homes of men who have recently passed away, and informs their widows that their husbands ordered a Bible with the woman's name printed on the inside. While Moses is talking to a woman named Pearl, Addie finds material in the car with which he printed her name on the inside of the Bible. Touched that her deceased husband intended to buy her a gift, Pearl gives Moses the money for the Bible, and Moses' con is clear to Addie. Moze (as Addie refers to him) is annoyed with having to take Addie along with him on the road, and she reveals herself to be wise beyond her years at every turn. She carries a cigar box with her containing her only possessions in the world, other than her radio. Addie herself thinks that Moze is her father, and she reminds him of this several times, but he denies it consistently. Moze dislikes Addie being involved in his con, but he soon learns that she is an asset when he attempts to hustle a widowed woman into buying a Bible and suddenly a lawman appears in the house, questioning Moze about his business and his identity. Addie saves the day by rushing up to the house and charming the policeman, and she even ups the price of the Bible on the spur of the moment. In another instance, Addie takes pity on a woman who appears at her door surrounded by young children; Addie refuses to allow Moze to take the woman's money and leaves the Bible for her anyway. Moze is angry with Addie for interfering in his affairs, but Addie understands now that she is partners with Moze, and their con turns into profitable business. Moze also teaches Addie different con techniques, such as how to talk sales clerks out of money, and Addie's charm works well for them. Things take a different turn when Moze and Addie visit a traveling carnival and Moze acquires a girlfriend named Trixie Delight ( Madeline Kahn ). Trixie appears in the carnival as a 'harem girl', and there is a suggestion that she does a little more than just dance for the male patrons. Moze informs Addie that Trixie and her personal maid, Imogene ( P.J. Johnson ), will be traveling with them from now on, and Addie is furious to have their relationship interrupted by Trixie, who is a loud, obnoxious woman. Addie becomes sullen and ignores Trixie until she has a frank conversation with the girl; Trixie admits that she can never hold onto a man for very long, and that if Addie is patient, Moze will soon tire of her and she will move on. Addie seems to accept this proposition, until Trixie talks Moze into buying a very expensive new car; Addie looks in her cigar box and finds all of their money gone. This is the final straw for Addie, and she immediately plots Trixie's downfall. Enlisting the harried Imogene to help her, the two of them arrange for Trixie to be caught in a compromising position with the desk clerk of the hotel where they are staying. For her part in the scheme, Addie gives Imogene enough money to get back home to her family, and after Moze catches Trixie in bed with the clerk, he immediately collects Addie and abandons Trixie. From here, Addie and Moze seize another opportunity: while staying at a small hotel in a rural area, Addie notices a bootlegger conducting business quietly. His customers approach him and he retrieves their liquor from a small shed in back of the hotel. Addie and Moze get the idea to climb into the shed and steal some of the liquor, then sell it back to the bootlegger. Although their scheme works, they do not know that they have been found out by a man lurking in the shadows nearby. As they leave the hotel in their car, they are pursued by a sheriff who takes them into custody. While at the sheriff's station, Moze and Addie are questioned relentlessly. Although he knows what they did, he cannot prove anything--Addie has hidden the telltale cash they made in her hat. The sheriff intends to keep Addie and Moze locked up until he can pin something on them, so Addie spontaneously comes up with a plan; she steals back the keys to their car and urges Moze to make a break for it. Together they rush outside and make a quick getaway. Pursued by the sheriff and his men, they manage to make it across the border into Missouri, where the sheriff has no jurisdiction and cannot arrest them. Realizing that their car will make them conspicuous, Moze spots a dilapidated old truck outside a farm and rouses the inhabitants of the shabby farmhouse. Making up a reason, he informs them that he needs to swap vehicles and that he will give them the brand new car in an even trade for their broken down truck. The men refuse to trade, saying that the new car is no use to them since it cannot haul anything, so Moze offers to wrestle for it. The men can't resist the challenge and send their best 'wrassler', Leroy (Randy Quaid), to take on Moze. Moze quickly takes the match, however, by playing dirty, and he 'wins' the right to drive off in the beat-up truck. Now that the two of them are in Missouri, the issue comes up about Addie's original destination: her aunt & uncle's house. Moze instead suggests that this is no longer necessary; they will conduct business as usual, as they are partners. Both of them are happy with this decision, as they don't really want to be separated. Moze quickly sets up an opportunity for a very big score involving a wealthy gentleman, and he tells Addie that this will net them enough money to finally get out of the con business. Moze sets out to meet their mark, with Addie to follow later, but he is intercepted by the sheriff from Kansas and his men; while they cannot arrest Moze for his crime in Kansas, they are only interested in revenge, and they chase Moze down and beat him severely. Addie knows something is wrong when Moze is nowhere to be found, and she finds him beaten and bloodied, lying in a stairwell. Now that violence has found him, Moze has a change of heart about having Addie along in this lifestyle; he will take her to live with her aunt and uncle after all. Addie promises that she will not cry about separating from Moze, but when he drops her off at the house, she is less than enthused about living there. Addie's aunt ( Rose-Mary Rumbley ), is a flighty woman who treats Addie like the child she is, and Addie is put off by her cloying and overly cheerful attitude. Meanwhile, Moze has set off up the road in the broken down truck, which stalls out and leaves him sitting there. He is down on his luck, but even more, he is heartbroken about Addie leaving. Suddenly he looks up into his rear view mirror and sees her, off in the distance, running toward the truck. Although he is glad to see her, he puts on a stern face and stares her down, telling her "I told you, I don't want you riding with me no more." Addie is hurt at first, but then she stares back at him and says "You still owe me $200." Moze is flustered, and the truck begins to drift away while he isn't looking. Addie shrieks in warning, and they both run after it. Together they climb inside and drive off to a new destination. 
 The Bad News Bears (1976)431) An aging, down-on-his-luck ex-minor leaguer coaches a team of misfits in an ultra-competitive California little league. Former minor leaguer Morris Buttermaker is a lazy, beer swilling swimming pool cleaner who takes money to coach the Bears, a bunch of disheveled misfits who have virtually no baseball talent. Realizing his dilemma, Coach Buttermaker brings aboard girl pitching ace Amanda Whurlizer, the daughter of a former girlfriend, and Kelly Leak, a motorcycle punk who happens to be the best player around. Brimming with confidence, the Bears look to sweep into the championship game and avenge an earlier loss to their nemesis, the Yankees. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> Perpetually semi-inebriated, the beer-drinking, cigar-smoking, one-time minor-league pitcher turned professional pool-cleaner, Morris Buttermaker, agrees to coach San Fernando Valley's hopeless little league baseball team, the Bears. To scrape up some cash, Coach Buttermaker has to show this band of maladroit oddballs the ropes--to have, at least, a fighting chance in the upcoming championship--going as far as to recruit the streetwise twelve-year-old daughter of one of his ex-girlfriends and first-rate pitcher, Amanda, and the tough juvenile delinquent, Kelly Leak. Will the group of misfits start winning games? Do they stand a chance against the nearly perfect team, the Yankees? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Morris Buttermaker (Walter Matthau), an alcoholic and former minor-league baseball player, is recruited by a city councilman and attorney who filed a lawsuit against an ultra-competitive Southern California Little League which excluded the least skilled athletes (including his son) from playing. In order to settle the lawsuit, the league agrees to add an additional team - the Bears - which is composed of the worst players in the whole Little League. Buttermaker becomes the coach of the unlikely team, which includes (among others) a near-sighted pitcher, an overweight catcher, a foul-mouthed shortstop with a Napoleon complex, an outfielder who dreams of emulating his idol Hank Aaron, and a motley collection of other "talent". Shunned by the more competitive teams (and competitive parents), the Bears are the outsiders. They play their opening game, and do not even record an out, with the score at 26 to 0 before Buttermaker forfeits the game. Realizing the team is nearly hopeless, he recruits a couple of unlikely prospects: First up, is sharp-tongued Amanda Whurlizer (Tatum O'Neal), a skilled pitcher (trained by Buttermaker when she was younger) who is the 12-year-old daughter of one of Buttermaker's ex-girlfriends. At first, she tries to convince Buttermaker that she has given up baseball, but then she reveals that she had been practicing "on the sly". Before agreeing to join the team, Amanda makes a number of outlandish demands (such as imported jeans, modeling school, ballet lessons, etc.) as conditions for joining. Upon hearing her demands, Buttermaker asks, "Who do you think you are, Catfish Hunter?" Amanda responds by asking, "Who's he?" Rounding out the team, Buttermaker recruits the "best athlete in the area," who also happens to be the local cigarette-smoking, loan-sharking, Harley-Davidson-riding troublemaker, Kelly Leak (Jackie Earle Haley). With Whurlizer and Leak on board, the team starts gaining more confidence, and the Bears start winning games. Eventually, the unlikely Bears make it to the championship game opposite the top-notch Yankees, who are coached by aggressive, competitive Roy Turner (Vic Morrow). As the game progresses, tensions are ratcheted up as Buttermaker and Turner engage in shouting matches, directing their players to become increasingly more ruthless and competitive against each other, going as far as fighting, spiking on slide, or the batter getting hit on purpose. The turnaround point of the game comes after a heated exchange between Turner's son (and Yankees pitcher) Joey (Brandon Cruz) and the Bears at-bat catcher Engelberg (Gary Lee Cavagnaro). Turner orders his son to walk Engelberg, the only Bears hitter he cannot overcome, despite Joey's wish to give it a try. In response, Joey intentionally throws a wild beanball nearly striking Engelberg in the head. Horrified, Turner goes to the mound and slaps his son. On the next pitch, Engelberg hits a routine ground ball back to Joey who exacts revenge against his father by holding the ball until Engelberg has an inside the park home run. Joey then leaves the game dropping the ball at his father's feet. Buttermaker - realizing that he has become as competitive as Turner - puts the benchwarmers on the field, thus giving everyone a chance to play. In spite of this, the finish-up brings up the best team-play from the Bears. After loading the bases with smart tactics (two walks and a bunt) they nearly recover a four run difference, with the last runner getting taken out at the last moment. Having narrowly lost the game at 7 to 6, Buttermaker gives the team free rein of his beer cooler. Although they did not win the championship, they have the satisfaction of having come a long way. The condescending Yankees congratulate the Bears (in a sarcastic tone implying that they really not mean it) telling them that although they are still not that good, they have "guts." Tanner, the shortstop, replies by telling the Yankees where they can put their trophy. The Bears cheer and Lupus overcomes his chronic shyness enough to yell "Wait 'til next year!", then they spray their beers all over each other. The movie ends with a field celebration by the Bears that makes it look as if they won the game. 
 Little Darlings (1980)321) Two fifteen year-old girls from different sides of the tracks compete to see who will be the first to lose their virginity while at a summer camp. Fifteen year olds Ferris Whitney and Angel Bright meet when they attend the same summer camp and are assigned the bunks next to each other in the same cabin. It's hate at first sight as they are seemingly polar opposites: romantic and literate Ferris comes from a wealthy and thus privileged background, while streetwise and chain-smoking Angel is from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks. But they share one similarity: they are both virgins, the only ones of their age in their cabin. Due to pressure from their cabin mates, most specifically the aggressive Cinder Carlson, the two enter into a bet on who will lose their virginity first and by the end of the summer. Ferris, who initially seems more interested in the pursuit of the opposite sex, quickly sets her sights on Gary Callahan, the much older coach at the camp. But Angel finds her own target, namely Randy Adams, an equally streetwise boy attending the camp across the lake. The process becomes a bonding exercise for the two girls, who take divergent paths to their end goal and in dealing with the aftermath of the alleged big events. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of teenage girls from Atlanta, Georgia go to summer camp, an, unbeknownst to the adults, two of them made a bet as to which one will lose her virginity first, with all the girls in camp betting money on the contest. The girls involved in the contest are opposites and rivals: cynical, suspicious and streetwise poor girl Angel Bright (Kristy McNichol) and naive, prissy and romantic rich girl Ferris Whitney (Tatum O'Neal). The rest of the girls divide into two teams, each rooting for or egging on either Ferris or Angel. The two girls the choose guys they want to lose their virginity with. Angel targets Randy Adams (Matt Dillon), a boy from the camp across the lake, and Ferris attempts to seduce Gary Callahan (Armand Assante), the (much older) camp counselor. The girls engage in typical teenage camp behavior, like food fights and singing around a campfire. Both girls discover that sex is not what they thought it would be. Ferris thinks of sex as love and romance and wine and flowers and poetry. She imagines herself swept off her feet by Gary. When she lies about making love with him, Gary gets in trouble for having sex with a fifteen-year-old. She discovers that physical sex can have disagreeable consequences. Her attitude is now more grounded in reality; she has become more like Angel. Meanwhile, Angel approaches the same issue from the other side and learns the opposite lesson. She views the contest as a purely biological action, "no big deal" and "nothing", as her mother told her. But when she attempts making love with Randy in a boathouse, she becomes confused by scary feelings she did not know she had. She behaves defensively, like she doesn't want this. Now also confused, Randy is discouraged by her recalcitrance and leaves her behind. Angel sees that sex is more than just a mechanical function she can cynically turn on or off. This involves feelings and caring and love. Sex is important, and something she deeply wants. As Randy leaves, she tearfully protests "But I like you!" She meets Randy a few days later with a much improved attitude - one closer to Ferris'. This time she pays attention, not to condoms and clothing, but to Randy and her feelings about him. As the novel described this, "All her fear and resistance melted as they kiss. Soon, she didn't know who was touching whom, only that this was wonderful and right and fine." Angel has sex in the boathouse, but doesn't tell the other girls. Ferris remains a virgin and lies about an evening of romantic passion ("We had chilled Chablis; the darkness enveloped us"). Eventually, Ferris discovers that sex is not just a fantasy of poetry and flowers and moonlight or something from a novel, that the biological aspect is not necessarily romantic, and Angel discovers that biological sex involves powerful emotions that touch her deeply and transform her soul. Neither girl is quite ready for the emotional aspect that sex brings; When Randy seeks her out, Angel admits that while she likes him, she is not ready for that kind of a relationship (he says they can start over, but Angel observes that it's too late and wouldn't be enough), and Ferris apologizes to Gary. Together, the girls talk with the Camp Director and confess the situation, saving Gary's job. Angel and Ferris, the two outsiders, discover they are more alike than different, and as they return home to their parents, they become best friends. 
 The Runaways (2010)431) A coming-of-age biographical film about the 1970s teenage all-girl rock band The Runaways . The relationship between band members Cherie Currie and Joan Jett is also explored. In 1975, San Fernando Valley teen Joan Larkin reinvents herself as Joan Jett, a guitarist who wants to form an all-girl punk band. She pitches the idea to a sleazy manager, Kim Fowley, who pairs her with a drummer and then searches for a face: he finds Cherie Currie, at age 15, the perfect jailbait image for his purpose; by luck, she can sing. Two others round out the band, The Runaways. Fowley books a tour, signs them to Mercury Records, and packs them off to crowds in Japan. Seeds of conflict sprout early: Fowley puts Cherie front and center in the publicity, she's soon strung out on drugs and vodka, and jealousies arise. Without adult supervision, where can Joan and Cherie end up? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The Runaways were a groundbreaking, teenage all-girl rock band from the 1970s. Good friends Joan Jett and Cherie Currie rise from rebellious Southern California teens to rock stars of the legendary group that paved the way for future generations of female rockers. They fall under the Svengali-like influence of rock impresario Kim Fowley, who turns the group into an outrageous success and a family of misfits. With its tough-chick image and raw talent, the band quickly earns a name for itself and so does its two leads: Joan is the band's pure rock 'n' roll heart, while Cherie, with her Bowie-Bardot looks, is the sex kitten. Sony Pictures Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Runaways (aka: Neon Angels) is based on lead-singer Cherie Currie's book 'Neon Angel' - a reflection of her experiences as a rock star, but also delivering a strong anti-drug warning to teens and others. David Bowie's song 'Space Oddity' serves as a metaphor for the narrative - a slow countdown, a surreal but spectacular rise to fame, then alienation and burnout - a long long way from home. The film opens in 1975, with 15-year-old Cherie (Dakota Fanning) and her older sister, Marie Currie (Riley Keough), as Cherie has just gotten her first period. Marie's boyfriend, Derek (Brendan Sexton III), picks up the sisters from Marie's job at the local fast food place, 'Pup n' Fries' and Marie announces to him that Cherie has gotten her period. Angry at her sister for telling, she informs Derek that Marie is not wearing any underwear. Cherie is later seen cutting her hair in a shag and putting on face makeup in an attempt to create a look resembling David Bowie on the cover of his album 'Aladdin Sane' (the cover is shown on her wall as a poster). Meanwhile, Joan Jett (Kristen Stewart) is a teenage rock star wannabe who is seen huffing some joints with her girlfriend. Joan tells her friend that she wishes to become a famous rock star as her own escape from her lonely life. Cherie is later seen lip-syncing David Bowie's song 'Lady Grinning Soul' at her high school talent show and is the target of boos and jeers, as well as paper balls and other objects thrown at her on stage. At the end of the song, Cherie reacts by defiantly 'flipping the bird' (giving both her middle fingers) to the boorish crowd, but she wins the talent show anyway. Sometime later, Joan Jett is making out with a guy outside a nightclub when she sees record producer Kim Fowley (Michael Shannon). Joan approaches him and talks about starting an all-girl rock band. Kim is interested and introduces Joan to Sandy West (Stella Maeve), a drummer. Joan and Sandy become fast friends and start jamming when Kim suggests that they recruit a hot blonde in the vein of Brigitte Bardot. At the club that same night, Kim and Joan look for hot blondes to be their lead singer and discover Cherie. They ask if she wants to be in a band and she accepts. Then they tell her to come to auditions in a trailer park in the valley. Cherie learns the cover song of Suzi Quatro's 'Fever' and goes to audition, however they are disappointed at the song. Instead, Kim kicks Cherie out of the trailer and with Joan, thinks of a song for Cherie to audition for, thus writing 'Cherry Bomb' on the spur of the moment. Cherie sings the song and, after improving, is part of the band. Kim also brings in two new members whom are assistant guitarist Lita Ford (Scout Taylor-Compton) and bass player Robin (Alia Shawkat). A year later in 1976, after moving in with her aunt because her selfish and irresponsible actress mother has moved to Indonesia, Cherie travels to her first gig with the band as they go on the road as 'The Runaways' with Kim as their manager, who scams money from their gigs for himself. A few months later, the group gets signed to Mercury Records and starts recording an album. Both Cherie and Joan soon fall victim to the rock and roll scene with popping pills, to smoking dope, snorting cocaine, and drinking heavily as their tours become more frequent and the band's popularity increases. Another year later, on account of the album's success, the Runaways travel to Japan to play a concert. Cherie causes quite a scene when she opens up the group's tour by performing on-stage wearing only a corset. After their first show, Cherie gets a phone call from her sister saying their their alcoholic father is sick, but Cherie takes no interest in the situation. After another performance, Lita angrily throws magazines at Cherie that have pictures of her on the cover doing some exotic poses for a local Japanese magazine, something Cherie thought was for the whole band. After an argument with Lita, Cherie, Joan and Sandy, a group of crazy Japanese fans break through a window and chase the girls out of the building. Afterward, Cherie overdoses in the hotel, collapses in an elevator and is sent to the hospital. Upon arrival back home, Cherie's alcoholic father is passed out on his bed. Cherie takes his painkiller medication and her actions are seen by Marie. While at a recording studio recording their next album, Cherie has a nervous breakdown and refuses to play, followed by Lita rudely insulting her and Joan defending Cherie. After a deadly heated argument, Cherie quits the band and leaves the studio, leaving Lita, Joan, Robin and Sandy looking on. Joan breaks down, throwing chairs and beer bottles against the booth glass. Cherie returns home while Joan continues playing and starts her own band, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. Eight months later, Cherie hits rock bottom when she collapses in a phone booth in a deserted supermarket parking lot after her attempt to buy some cheap liquor for herself. At the hospital, Marie visits her and tells her to get her things straight. Cherie goes into a rehab facility in her attempt to get herself clean as soon as possible. In the final scene, set another year later, Cherie is working at a job at a local bakery in her attempt to get her life back on track when she hears Joan's cover of the song 'I Love Rock 'n' Roll' on the radio and calls the station, where Joan is visiting for interviews. After an awkward phone conversation between Joan, Cherie, and even the radio host, Rodney Bingenheimer (Keir O'Donnell), Cherie says her goodbyes and continues working, smiling when Joan's next song, 'Crimson and Clover', comes on the radio. 