nm0011251:

 Evening Shade (19901994)Summaries A former pro-football player moves back to his childhood hometown. In this laid-back comedy, Wood Newton (Burt Reynolds) is a former pro American Football player who has retired and returned to his childhood home, the small town of Evening Shade, Arkansas. He's now the coach of the local high school football team with a long losing streak, which brings him in constant contact with the other residents of the town. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Broken Reality (1994)Summaries A Hollywood homicide detective gets wrapped up in the murder of his girlfriend and becomes the prime suspect. Given 24 hours to find the real killer, he searches through the city in a desperate race to stop the next murder. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Facade (1999)Summaries While Caroline Keller is away on business, hit men gun down her wealthy husband and his mistress. Caroline realises she is the next target. A developer sells out his partner so he can be involved in the construction of a major hotel. The wife - and a former lover - then discovers her husband's body plus his lover and finds out about the scheme. The boss in charge of the project gets two goons to bump her off but she escapes to get revenge... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Have Gun - Will Travel (19571963)Summaries The adventures of a gentlemanly gunfighter-for-hire. Professional gunfighter Paladin was a West Point graduate who, after the Civil War, settled into San Francisco's Hotel Carlton, where he awaited responses to his business card: over the picture of a chess knight is written "Have Gun, Will Travel...Wire Paladin, San Francisco." Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 