nm0005361:

 Logan Lucky (2017)431) Two brothers attempt to pull off a heist during a NASCAR race in North Carolina. When Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) gets fired, he convinces his brother Clyde (Adam Driver) and sister Mellie (Riley Keough) to help him rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway during a NASCAR Race. But they will need the help of Joe Bang (Daniel Craig), a convicted safe-cracker who is currently doing time. All they have to do is break Joe out, blow the racetrack vault, get away with the cash, return Joe to prison, and get Jimmy to his daughter's beauty pageant on time. What could possibly go wrong? Well, there is the Logan family curse . Cinemaniacal Jimmy Logan is laid off from his construction job at the Charlotte Motor Speedway. While visiting his ex-wife Bobbie Jo to pick up their daughter Sadie for a beauty pageant rehearsal, he learns that Bobbie Jo and her new husband are moving to Lynchburg, making it even harder for Jimmy to visit. Jimmy goes to a bar, run by his brother Clyde, an Iraq War veteran who lost his hand during the war. Max Chilblain, a pretentious British businessman and NASCAR-team owner, arrives with his friends and insults Clyde, leading to a fight with Jimmy. Meanwhile, Clyde sets fire to Max's car with a Molotov cocktail. On his way out, Jimmy yells "cauliflower," which Clyde recognizes as a code-word they used when they committed crimes as young boys. Next day, Jimmy reveals his plan to rob the Speedway, exploiting his knowledge of their pneumatic tube system for moving money.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Boone County, West Virginia Jimmy Logan (Channing Tatum) is with his daughter Sadie (Farrah Mackenzie) talking about his favorite song, John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads" and its importance in culture. Sadie doesn't think it will work for her upcoming pageant. Jimmy then kisses Sadie goodbye as he heads for work in Charlotte, North Carolina, promising her he will make it back in time for the pageant. Jimmy goes through his shift in the tunnels beneath the Motor Speedway, only to return to work for his boss Cal (Jim O'Heir) to fire him due to potentially being a liability. This is a result of Jimmy injuring his leg during his former run as a football player. To make things worse, Jimmy finds out from his sister Mellie (Riley Keough) that Sadie's pageant had been the previous day, not the current day as Jimmy thought. Jimmy goes to talk to his ex-wife Bobbie Jo (Katie Holmes), who is very much upset about this, but Sadie is more forgiving. However, Jimmy learns from Bobbie Jo that she and her new husband Moody (David Denman) plan to move with Sadie and their other two sons to Lynchburg where it would be harder for Jimmy to visit. Jimmy later goes to a bar run by his brother Clyde (Adam Driver), a former Iraq veteran who lost his arm and now wears a prosthetic. Jimmy complains to Clyde about his woes, discussing what they think is a Logan family curse. Soon, Max Chilblain (Seth MacFarlane), a snooty British sports drink salesman, enters with two of his buddies. Clyde serves them without his prosthetic, which Max finds impressive. He makes a few snide remarks in regards to his disability, leading Jimmy to attack Max and the other two. Clyde steps outside in the middle of this to go chuck a Molotov cocktail at Max's truck. Jimmy puts out the fire and yells "Cauliflower" to Clyde before leaving. The next day, the brothers meet over "cauliflower", as Clyde remembers it from back in the day when he and Jimmy would commit petty crimes. Jimmy pitches an idea to Clyde - they rob the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Jimmy knows how the money goes through the tunnels and that security won't be so tight on the day of the big race. Clyde agrees, and they get Mellie onboard as well. Jimmy and Clyde go to prison to meet with Joe Bang (Daniel Craig), a convicted criminal/demolitions expert. The brothers tell him their plan, which he laughs at, but they assure him they can get him in and out of prison without anyone realizing. Joe tells them he wants to bring in his dim-witted younger brothers Fish and Sam (Jack Quaid and Brian Gleeson). Jimmy and Clyde approach them and recruit them as well. In order to help Joe get out, Clyde gets himself arrested by crashing a car through a shop window, getting a 90-day sentence. Meanwhile, Mellie and the Bang brothers send food with roaches into the Speedway's main vault so it can be measured while everyone is cleared out. Jimmy goes to gather supplies. He is spotted by Sylvia Harrison (Katherine Waterston), a girl from school that recognizes him. She mentions that she runs a mobile clinic, and she gives Jimmy a shot. Before Sylvia leaves, Jimmy asks her if they kissed in school. She is displeased with the question and she leaves. Jimmy bumps into Cal, who wants to make sure there are no hard feelings. Cal also mentions that they finished construction ahead of schedule, meaning the heist must get moved up a week during a big race on Memorial Day weekend. In prison, Clyde and Joe get the prisoners to stage a riot so that they can get out unnoticed. They crawl out through the vents and are met by Mellie, who picks the up and takes them to the Speedway. Warden Burns (Dwight Yoakam) is forced to handle the situation, despite there being no actual problem (other than two prisoners escaping). The gang initiates the heist with Fish and Sam cutting off the Speedway's electrical grid so that vendors may only do cash transactions. Jimmy, Clyde, and Joe head down to the pipes where the money goes through so that they can use one of Joe's homemade bombs to stuff through the hole. The brothers are confused when Joe says he used gummy bears as part of the bomb, then stops the heist to give them a chemistry lesson on how an ingredient in the gummies mixed with the other materials creates an explosive reaction. They stuff the container with the bomb through the pipe, only for it to shoot back and hit Clyde in the chest. It thankfully doesn't go off because Joe realizes he tightened the bag too much. He loosens it and it explodes when it's sent back. The smoke goes through the pipes and is noticed by the Speedway staff. Security goes to investigate but are thrown off when others they speak to say they didn't hear anything or smell anything. The gang then continues with taking the money through a vacuum. Jimmy tries to get it to speed the process, which only sends money flying everywhere. He hits the reverse button, causing the vacuum to suck up Clyde's arm. Things get heated when it's slipped that Jimmy was the one originally supposed to go to Iraq, but he somehow made it so that Clyde would end up going. The gang takes the money in garbage bags and slip out. Clyde and Joe are spotted by Max and his sponsored driver Dayton White (Sebastian Stan). Another altercation occurs in which Max gets a broken nose. The two return to prison with nobody having suspected a thing. Jimmy makes it on time for Sadie's next pageant. Instead of performing Rihanna's "Umbrella" like she planned, she sings "Take Me Home, Country Roads" as soon as she sees Jimmy walk in, leading the whole audience to sing along. It is later heard on the news that the money stolen from the Speedway was recovered by authorities after Jimmy left the truck at a gas station and tipped them off for them to find it. Mellie doesn't want to see Jimmy when she hears the news. Soon, FBI Agent Sarah Grayson (Hilary Swank) sets out to investigate the robbery. She first visits Warden Burns, who couldn't provide much help as he was handling the "riot". Grayson then visits Max in the hospital, but his account of seeing Clyde doesn't match with what Dayton told them (the two had a falling out). Eventually, with no evidence or credible witnesses, the case is shut down. Clyde and Joe are released from prison. Joe goes home and finds some of the money hidden in his yard. A while later, Jimmy goes to the bar with his new girlfriend, Sylvia. He tells Clyde (who has a new prosthetic arm) that he split up shares of the money for the gang, as well as for the authorities to find to throw them off their trail. Clyde then serves Grayson, who is continuing her investigation undercover. The rest of the gang drink among each other. The last thing we see is Clyde's old arm clutching a beer bottle. 
 Legally Blonde 2 (2003)321) Elle Woods heads to Washington, D.C. to join the staff of a Representative in order to pass a bill to ban animal testing. Sassy postgrad Elle Woods (Reese Witherspoon) is all about animal rights. In fact, she puts her nuptial plans on hold to head to Washington, D.C. to get an anti-animal testing bill passed. Her building's doorman quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elle Woods played by Reese Witherspoon is a Harvard lawyer who goes to Washington D.C. to change the law on animal testing. She runs into the political system, the U.S. Congress. Lucky for her, she meets a doorman, Sidney played by Bob Newhart, who shows her how the system works to get a bill passed. She writes `The Bruiser Bill' and puts it in the hopper of Congress. Elle needs 218 signatures to get her bill to be voted on. She gets some unlikely support from several members of Congress she befriends. To get more support, Elle has a Million Dog March on Washington. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Driven (2001)Summaries A young hot shot driver is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion is called in to give him guidance. Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> Young British talent Jimmy Bly breaks German Beau Brandenburg's car race hegemony, until his concentration suffers after a selfish girl-friend toys with their feelings. Drop-out Joe Tanto accepts as a favor to cynical stable boss Carl Henry to return on the team as coach for and rival-to-be-beaten within the team. Joe does well as wise dad and brotherly confidant, even restores a rapport with Beau, his former race rival. But the racing circuit also proves dangerous in terms of accidents, and experience with those complicates matters. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Coyote Ugly (2000)541) Aspiring songwriter Violet Sanford, after getting a job at a women-run NYC bar that teases its male patrons, comes out of her shell. Sexy, romantic comedy about a girl in her early 20s named Violet Sanford going to NYC to pursue a dream of becoming a songwriter. Violet gets a "day" job as a bar maid at a nightclub called Coyote Ugly. Coyote Ugly is the city's newest hot spot where the employees are a team of sexy, resourceful women that provoke the clientele and press with their mischief. Anonymous A sexy romantic comedy featuring a spectacular soundtrack, "Coyote Ugly" is the story of one girl's wild adventure in the big city. Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter, only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a bar maid at Coyote Ugly. A new nightclub with a twist, Coyote Ugly is the hottest spot in town, featuring a team of sexy, enterprising young women who tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics. Gilbert lee When young Violet finally follows her dream and moves to New York to become a songwriter, she knows little about the big city. All her efforts to get a demo tape to a producer are useless, additionally her apartment is broken in to, leaving her with nothing. But a coincidence leads her to Coyote Ugly, a night club where only beautiful women call the shots, using their female attraction to drive the guests just crazy. Violet manages to get a position and starts learning the ways of the city. After getting in trouble because of a misunderstanding, Violet's new friend Kevin tries to rid her of her stage fear so that she can perform her songs herself. Violet's father Bill does not like her new job as well as her leaving him, but it's all part of growing up. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Violet Sanford (Piper Perabo) leaves her hometown, her father (John Goodman) and her best friend Gloria (Melanie Lynskey), to pursue her dreams of becoming a songwriter in New York City. Before leaving town, she signs an autograph which is pinned on the wall of the pizza place where she worked. In New York Violet tries unsuccessfully, dozens of times, to get her demo tape noticed by studios, producers or club managers. In one bar, a bartender jokingly points out Kevin O'Donnell and makes her believe he is the owner. Violet tries to get him to listen to her demo tape, but when she discovers the joke she feels that Kevin was making a fool out of her. With only a few dollars in her pocket, she goes to an all-night diner and notices some girls flaunting hundreds of dollars they've earned in tips. Violet finds out they work at a trendy bar called "Coyote Ugly". She finds her way to the bar and convinces the owner, Lil, to hire her. Lil explains she hired Violet because she looks like a kindergarten teacher, who the childish bar patrons will come to see. After starting her new Job, Violet quickly discovers she must learn the ropes of singing, dancing and performing wild acts in front of a rowdy crowd. Kevin O'Donnell tries to help her overcome her shyness on stage and they become closer. Kevin and Violet finally become lovers, despite his attempts to to hide his past and the reason he left Australia. Violet finally lands a deal with a record label after a successful performance at an Open Mic night at the Bowery Ballroom, when all the Coyotes come to support her. 