nm0003664:

 Nowhere Man (19951996)Summaries Thomas Veil is a documentary photographer who, in the course of one evening, seemingly has his whole existence erased. It appears as if some mysterious and powerful entity has coerced Veil's family and friends into cooperating in a clandestine plan to annul every trace of him. Veil is all alone with no option but to begin a desperate, dangerous quest to find out how and why this has happened and most importantly, who is behind this torturous scheme. Vidiot <brown@vidiot.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The X-Files (19932018)Summaries Two F.B.I. Agents, Fox Mulder the believer and Dana Scully the skeptic, investigate the strange and unexplained, while hidden forces work to impede their efforts. Two FBI agents, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully work in an unassigned detail of the bureau called the X-Files investigating cases dealing with unexplained paranormal phenomena. Mulder, a true believer, and Scully, a skeptic, perceive their cases from stand points of science and the paranormal. ZachMichalik FBI agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully are different: Mulder is a believer in the paranormal while Scully is not. Together, they investigate paranormal cases which takes them all the way to alien conspiracies within the U.S. government and even puts their lives and careers at risk. Together, they try to solve the mysteries within the U.S. government, no matter what they have to do, and along the way they try to solve any other case that's related to the paranormal. yatessixecho It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Trek: Enterprise (20012005)55) A century before Captain Kirk's five-year mission, Jonathan Archer captains the United Earth ship Enterprise during the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the Earth-Romulan War and the formation of the Federation. The year is 2151. Earth has spent the last 88 years since learning how to travel faster than the speed of light studying under the wisdom of their alien ally called the 'Vulcans'. Now, the first crew of human explorers sets out into deep space on a ship called the 'Enterprise' to see what is beyond our solar system. It is time for Humans to break away from the clutches of the Vulcans, who for a hundred years after inventing the warp drive and making first contact with them ( the Vulcans) still aren't able to warp into space to explore. Luckily, an uncanny incident with the Tsuliban (in the first episode of the series) gets the Enterprise - commanded by Captain Jonathan Archer - it's first voyage at warp speed. Captain Archer is then put through a series of challenges as he quests for greater exploration after this initial voyage. His battles with alien warships, beings superior to humans, alternate universes, and time travel (without the luxury of a transporter) makes him display exemplary leadership and gain the loyalty of communications officer Hoshi, chief engineer Trip, armory officer Malcolm, ensign Travis, alien doctor Phlox and Vulcan Sub Commander T'Pol, put aboard the Enterprise to keep an eye on the captain. Denzil Almeida It's the 22nd century. At the dawn of the United Federation of Planets, 100 years before the adventures of Captain Kirk and crew, Captain Jonathan Archer and the crew of the Starship Enterprise NX-01 begin the journey where no one has gone before. Anonymous A prequel series, set 100 years before the original Star Trek series, which focuses on the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the formation of the Federation and the Earth-Romulan Wars. The series is set aboard the Earth ship Enterprise NX-01, captained by Jonathan Archer. David Nisbet It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 