nm0000803:

 The Blue Lagoon (1980)541) In the Victorian period, two children are shipwrecked on a tropical island in the South Pacific. With no adults to guide them, the two make a simple life together, unaware that sexual maturity will eventually intervene. On a journey to San Francisco, Richard, his father and cousin Emmeline find themselves on a ship about to explode. Rushed to a lifeboat with Paddy Button, the two children escape while their father (and uncle) are on another lifeboat. In the chaos following, the lifeboats are separated. Paddy, Richard and Emmeline find themselves with no food and no water stuck in the middle of nowhere. After some time, the three come across an uncharted paradise, where Paddy quickly teaches the children fishing, hunting and building. After maybe a month or two, Paddy gets very drunk off a barrel of rum found on the island when they first arrive, and drowns in the middle of the night. Emmeline and Richard, now alone and very scared, move location and rebuild their island home. Many years later, the two young teenagers have developed a very real home, but hormones and feelings between the two strain their friendship, until Richard, who is still very determined to reach San Francisco, is let down by Emmeline when a ship passes by the island and she does not light the signal fire. Throwing her out of the home they had built together, Emmeline attempts to survive on her own but is hurt. After Richard finds her dying, he realizes how he really feels for her and manages to save her. Nature runs its course and their friendship turns into love as the couple learn about the facts of life, when Emmeline has a baby and does not understand why. Bree Pearson Marooned on an Edenic deserted island in the South Pacific during the early Victorian era, the seven-year-old cousins, Richard and Emmeline Lestrange, are forced to survive on their own. Eventually, as the years pass and the children grow into handsome and sexually curious teenagers, an irrepressible curiosity will disrupt the fine balance of things in their idyllic paradise, leading them to explore their sensuality. Then, unexpectedly, for the first time in many years, a ship shows up on the horizon. Is this their salvation? Nick Riganas Two young children are the sole survivors of a shipwreck in a time when sailing was the only way of travel. They are stranded on a tropical island, a real paradise. Together, Richard and Emmeline have to survive, which is quite easy as there are no dangerous animals on the island. Years later, the two teenagers are living in a self-constructed hut, strange emotions start influencing their relationship. Although they had no grown-ups to educate them for all that time, the behaviour of the two always stayed in a very civilized way. Nature takes its course, and Emmeline gets pregnant, totally unaware of the fact that a child is growing inside her. On the night their boy is born, Richard finds out about the origins of the drums they hear from time to time from the forbidden side of the island. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the Victorian era in the South Pacific. Two young children, cousins Richard and Emmeline Lestrange ( Glenn Kohan and Elva Josephson ) are sailing with Richard's father, Arthur ( William Daniels ), to San Francisco. When the ship suddenly catches fire, the ship's cook, Paddy Button ( Leo McKern ), gathers the children in a lifeboat and rows away from the wreck. However, due to dense smoke, heavy fog, and general chaos, they are separated from the children's father, who has escaped on a separate dinghy, and drift out to sea. After a day or two afloat, they arrive on the shores of a lush, tropical island. Paddy assumes responsibility for the children and, over an indeterminable amount of time, teaches them how to find food and build shelter, though he can't deter them from taking their shirts off and running about half naked. One day he discovers a stone altar covered in blood and the remains of what appear to be a human sacrifice. He warns the children to stay away from that place, telling them it's 'the law' and that the boogeyman lives there. He also tells them to never eat a certain scarlet berry that Emmeline finds, presumably to keep them from eating anything uncertain. He calls them 'never-wake-up berries'. The memory of having the berries temporarily in her mouth haunts Emmeline for the rest of the film. Because Paddy talks of being 'dead n' buried' if they eat the berries, Emmeline associates the words with them and renames them 'dead n' berries'. One day, Paddy discovers a barrel of rum or whiskey washed ashore from the sunken ship. He and the children have a little fun that night, dancing around a fire, though Paddy is obviously inebriated. When the children fall asleep, he takes the barrel and swims to a smaller, nearby island. The children wake up in the morning and take the rowboat out to where they see Paddy lying in the sand. Thinking he's merely asleep, they flip him over to see that he's died in a drunken binge. A crab crawls out of his mouth and Emmeline faints. Richard brings her back to the island where, that night in their hut, she begs him to take her away from this place. They pack up everything they have and row around to the other side of the island where they find a new stretch of beach to settle on. Relying on each other and the bounty the island has to offer, Richard and Emmeline mature into strong teenagers ( Christopher Atkins and Brooke Shields ), spending their days diving for pearls and fish, gathering food, or maintaining their tree house. Though they spend most of their time together, Richard and Emmeline soon start developing both physically and emotionally in ways they can't explain. Growing up as children, they are generally ignorant to the changes they experience which leads to frustration and confusion for the most part. Emmeline experiences her first menstrual period while swimming and calls out to Richard, afraid at first. When he arrives and asks what's wrong, she yells at him, embarassed, and tells him to go away. Richard finds himself becoming physically attracted to Emmeline but she, though often fearful of being left alone, doesn't reciprocate his feelings, inciting Richard to go off alone and masturbate. One day, ever-curious Emmeline wanders to the forbidden side of the island and finds a Moai-like stone idol there with the tell-tale stain of blood. Thinking instead that the place is holy, she prays and later tells Richard that she thinks Paddy was wrong and that the 'boogeyman', who bleeds like Jesus, is actually God. However, Richard berates her for disobeying the 'law'. They speak often of being rescued and going to 'San Frisco' to see Richard's father, but when a ship passes by the island for the first time in years, Emmeline does not light the signal fire they had set up. Richard emerges from foraging in time to see the ship depart and angrily confronts Emmeline. She tells him that the island is their home now and that they should stay, to Richard's disbelief. They insult each other and Emmeline reveals that she knows what happens when Richard goes off alone which leads him to throw a coconut at her. She throws one back, hitting him on the head. Immediately remorseful, Emmeline rushes over to him but he slaps her and says he wishes she was dead n' buried. Furious, he kicks her out of their home, throwing her items onto the beach. After building a makeshift hut for herself near the water, Emmeline steps on a stonefish. Richard discovers her deathly ill in her hut and she begs him to take her to God, despite the law. Fearing for her life, Richard does so and places her on the stone altar, reciting what little he remembers of his prayers. Emmeline eventually recovers and, after she regains her ability to walk, goes swimming with Richard in the lagoon. Afterwards, they sit naked together and share some fruit as well as their first kiss. They lie down with each other, expressing their love for each other, and discover sexual intercourse and passionate love. Putting all their past arguing aside, they spend most of every waking moment with each other, playing in the water or making love. However, Emmeline soon becomes pregnant. Though this is clear to the viewer through Emmeline's hunger cravings and her ability to feel the baby, she and Richard are unsure of her physical changes and have no knowledge of childbirth, attributing it all, at first, to Emmeline merely getting fatter. One night, Emmeline goes missing and Richard looks through the jungle for her. Following the sound of drums, he comes upon the altar where 'God' stood. There, he witnesses a native tribe performing a human sacrifice. Richard flees as the victim is killed and hears Emmeline's cries, following them in time to help her give birth to a baby boy whom they name Paddy. They bring the baby back to their home and try to feed him. Frustrated by the baby's crying and that he won't take solid foods or juice, Emmeline takes him in her arms to see that he instinctively suckles at her breast. Richard tells Emmeline what he witnessed the night she gave birth and assures her that if any of the natives come to find them he will stick them with his spear like a fish. But the natives never come to their side of the island. As the baby grows, they teach him how to swim and play. As they all play together in wet mud near the shore, a ship led by Richard's father approaches the island and sees them there. As they are completely covered in mud, Arthur does not recognize them. Paddy points to the ship but when Richard and Emmeline see it, they resign all previous intentions of leaving the island with silent glances and retreat with Paddy into the forest. Richard is seen taking the rowboat alone out to the small island where Paddy Button died. He approaches the beach and sees the old man's skeleton lying in the sand, bleached white from the sun. Richard tentatively touches his ribs, matching them to Paddy's, and looks at the bones in his hands. A morbid understanding comes to him and it's implied that he has a better grasp on his own body as well as death. One morning, the young family takes the rowboat to visit their original home site and to collect food and other supplies. Richard goes to harvest bananas while Emmeline and the baby explore near shore and Emmeline fails to notice young Paddy collecting scarlet berries and putting them in his pocket. The two of them go back to the boat to wait for Richard but the tide takes them out when Emmeline falls asleep. She is awakened by the sound of Paddy pushing one of the oars into the water and tries to fetch it with the other. When she can't, she calls out to Richard who starts to swim to the boat, followed closely by a shark. Just before he reaches the boat, Emmeline throws the last oar at the shark, hitting it and giving Richard enough time to get out of the water. They try to paddle to shore with their hands but the tide is too strong and they don't dare swim for fear of a shark attack. Slowly but surely, the boat is taken out to sea. After a day or two at sea, Richard and Emmeline awake from a nap to find Paddy eating the berries he had collected. Frantic, they try to make him spit them out, but he's already swallowed them. After another day, young Paddy has a hard time keeping his eyes open and falls into a deep sleep. Resolute, Richard splits the remaining berries between Emmeline and himself and they lie down together to await death. A short time later, a large schooner approaches the rowboat. Arthur Lestrange and the captain of the ship ( Alan Hopgood ) approach in their own dinghy to find the young couple and their child lying in the boat. He asks the captain, 'Are they dead?' The captain replies, 'No sir, they are asleep.' 
 BangersSummaries An ancient relic treasure buried with the decomposing body of professor Uri Dashkova is realizes to be the greatest treasure of all time, the Eternus Ex Arc Numerous; the box of eternal numbers and the object of Uri Dashkova's life's work. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Night in Heaven (1983)431) A married college professor begins a torrid affair with her failing student, who secretly moonlights as a late-night strip-club dancer. Faye Hanlon is a prim and practical woman with a NASA engineer husband and a career as a professor at a small Florida college. Among her least favorite students is cocky Rick Monroe who is secretly paying his tuition as male stripper "Ricky the Rocket". When Faye is brought to a sweaty disco full of sweaty housewives, she is shocked to become a front-row witness to - and reluctant participant in - Ricky's explosive performance. Now each kiss has its result of actions, every lie will take its toll. And two desperate lovers will pay the ultimate price for a night in "Heaven". Faye Hanlon is a community-college professor with an emotionally depressed husband and an abundance of sexual frustration. Her sister drags her to a male strip-club for a girl's night out, where she discovers that one of the dancers is her failing student Rick Monroe, a.k.a. "Ricky the Rocket". A heated affair between teacher and student ensues, as Faye struggles to reconcile her emotions and make consequential life choices: Continue her lustful sessions with the studly-but-shallow teen stripper? Or break it off with Ricky and work to salvage her marriage to the loving-but-distant husband? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Outspoken and overconfident Rick Monroe (Christopher Atkins) is a jock and a popular guy in college in Titusville, Florida. At the end of his final report for his class, Rick cracks a joke and his prim and proper speech professor, Faye Hanlon (Lesley Ann Warren), is not amused. After chiding him for his joke, she decides to fail him and make him take the course over again. Faye is going through a slump in her marriage to Whitney Hanlon (Robert Logan), a rocket scientist who has just been laid off from NASA. Visiting from Chicago, Faye's free-spirited sister Patsy (Deborah Rush) takes her to a strip club to cheer her up. The show features a performer called "Ricky the Rocket", who is none other than Faye's student Rick. When he notices Faye in the crowd, he gives her a very special lap dance, kissing her in the process. The next day, Faye and Rick run into each other at a school function. Initially, Rick is interested only in convincing Faye to allow him another chance at his final and is rebuffed. He realizes that she is attractive and begins flirting. Faye arranges to meet Patsy near the hotel, only to discover that she has been deceived into seeing another performance by "Ricky the Rocket". Since Patsy has to return home a day early, she turns over use of her hotel room to Faye, who calls Whitney and lies that she and Patsy are staying at Patsy's hotel room together. Coincidentally, Rick's mother works in the same hotel, and while visiting his mother, Rick runs into Faye again; they return to Faye's room and make love. Faye must leave and in her absence, Rick invites his girlfriend Slick to the room where she makes love with him as well. Humiliated, Faye catches them in the shower and flees; she realizes that she has been deceived. Returning home from an unsuccessful job interview, Whitney discovers that Patsy has gone home. Whitney travels to the hotel, where he catches Rick at the latter is exiting. He kidnaps Rick at gunpoint, takes Rick to a boat at a small dock, and forces him to strip. Sobbing, Rick complies. Whitney threatens Rick repeatedly, but ultimately only shoots holes in the boat, leaving Rick naked and aboard as it sinks. Faye returns home and finds Whitney waiting for her; she apologizes and he forgives her. In the end, they talk about their problems and resolves them. 
 The Pirate Movie (1982)321) The crew of a large ship sail the high seas encountering other pirates from other ships. The boy from the ship ends up having to save his girlfriend who is kidnapped by a bunch of other pirates. A parody/homage to Gilbert and Sullivan's Pirates of Penzance, The Pirate Movie is a comedy/musical utilizing both new songs and parodies from the original, as well as references to popular films of the time, including Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark. In your typical boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy fights girl with swords plot, the story revolves around Mabel, the youngest of Maj. Gen. Stanley's many daughters, and Frederic, an ex-Pirate of Penzance. They fall in love and proceed to retrieve the Stanleys' fortune from the Pirates (stolen 20 years ago). The Pirate King informs Frederic that since he was a Leap Year baby born on February 29, Frederic is still technically the King's apprentice. Frederic must then decide between duty and honor--the only good qualities the King taught him- and true love. Todd Kogutt: SCAVENGER Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Pirate Movie is the celluloid version of Gilbert and Sullivan's famous musical, the Pirates of Penzance. The movie begins with a pirate actor (Christopher Atkins) meeting a group of young women at one of his preformances. He invites one mousy young girl named Mable (Kristy McNichol) to go for a ride on his boat and bring some of her friends. Her friends take off with the actor and without her. In her desperate attempt to catch up with them she falls into the water and is knocked unconscious. She then begins to dream about the young man she met. The dream sequence opens with a fight between two pirate ships. We are introduced to Fredric (Christopher Atkins) who is celebrating his 21st Birthday and at the end of his apprenticeship as a pirate. At this time, Fredric expresses his view that his fellow pirates are rather pathetic at their chosen profession because they release ships they capture when the occupants are orphans. This "soft spot" arises from the apparent fact that the pirates of penance are also all orphans. Fredric goes on to state that he wishes to give up his life as a pirate and devote himself to ending the pirates' reign. He is then cast off the ship in a dingey. After the argument, a group of women run onto the beach and Fredric, having never seen a woman other than Ruth (Maggie Kirkpatrick) before in his life, does not know how to approach them and scares all but one of them away. Mable and Fredric converse and quickly fall in love. Fredric warns Mable of pirates near by but before they can run away, the pirates capture them and they intend to marry the girls and take them away aboard their ship. But Mable warns the pirates that their father is a Major General and he emerges on the scene a short time later.Having heard of the pirates of penzance and their "soft spot", the Major-General (Bill Kerr) pretends that he was an orphan and the pirates agree to release the group of girls. The pirates remain docked near by. Mable and Frederic wish to be married. Unfortunately, there is a custom that requires the girls to marry in the order in which they were born. Mable has to be last. Her father also requests that the man she marry have money, which he does not have. Mable convinces her father to allow the marraige if Frederic recovers the treasure that was stolen from him by the pirates. Mable and Frederic sneak aboard the ship to abtain the map of the treasures location, which is tatood on the captains back. The recovery of the treasure wins Frederic the right to lead forces against the pirates impending attack. When Frederic is later alone, he is confronted by the Pirate King (Ted Hamilton) and Ruth and they inform him that he's not actually 21 years of age because he was born in a leap year on 29 February and since his birthday only happens every four years, it will be another 60 years before he is actually 21. Fredric is convinced by Ruth and the Pirate King and agrees to rejoin the pirates because it is his duty. He then informs the Pirate King of the plans that the Major General has for the arrest of the pirates, to which the Pirate King vowes revenge. Frederic then encounters Mabel and she pleads with him to stay. But to no avail and he stands by his duty to the pirates until his 21st birthday. He promises to return when his duty of service is over, but they will be very old then. In the meantime he must fight on the side of the pirates. Mable informs the police that they will have to face the pirates without Fredric's assistance and that she will lead them. During this conversation, the pirates approach the Major-General's house. As the pirates approach, the police quickly hide in fear. (Note - the police are comically portrayed as tough talkers who exhibit fear and cowardliness when conflict is near). As the conflict between the police and pirates grows, the conflict between the two lovers causes them to become enemies. As the Major-General quietly reflects on his guilt and conscience, the pirates launch an attack and the police rush to the Major-General's defense. But the police (who are only aided by the daughters) are defeated (comically) and the Pirate King imposes a sentence of death on the the captured Major General and the girls will be taken captive. They are interrupted by Mable's realization that it is her dream and she wants a happy ending. Mable matches up all her sisters with a pirate or a police officer. The pirates and the young daughters are all joined together. Frederic and Mabel are reunited and married with the consent and pleasure of the Major-General and he consents to the "noble pirates" marrying his daughters. Mable awakes from her dream in time to be rescued by the pirate actor she met on the pier (Christopher Atkins). They lived happily ever after and singing all the way. 