nm0003059:

 Crossfire (1998)Summaries A terrorist sets out to destroy the Statue of Liberty but a young girl reads his lips and enlists Pike, who is on a mission to assassinate the girl's classmate and is torn between his deadly agenda and what he believes to be his true duty. Seeking retribution for the accidental death of his family, Dekova, a wealthy businessman dealing in illegal arms smuggling, attempts to destroy one of America's most treasured symbols, the Statue of Liberty. At Liberty Island with her schoolmates on this fateful day, a charming 11 year-old deaf girl, Gloria, accidentally learns of the statue's imminent destruction by reading the lips of Dekova's mercenaries. She seeks the aid of a seemingly kind tourist, Pike, the only man who understands her sign-language pleas. As it turns out, Pike is no ordinary tourist. He is an elite covert operative for the U.S. government, assigned to execute none other than one of Gloria's classmates! Won over by the innocence of the little girl, however, Pike decides to abandon his mission, and stop Dekova before hundreds of people are killed. When Pike's supervisor, Crane learns of Pike's defiance, he dispatches an even deadlier assassin, Foster to rectify the situation. That is, to kill Pike and complete the mission. Pike is forced to use all of his special forces training to survive against Dekova's well-armed terrorists and Foster's lethal expertise. At the same time, he must locate the bomb's detonator in order to defuse the explosives hidden within the statue. As time runs out the action intensifies as Pike enters the...Crossfire. Joe Zimmerman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beverly Hills Cop III (1994)321) Axel Foley, while investigating a car theft ring, comes across something much bigger than that: the same men who killed his boss are running a counterfeit money ring out of a theme park in Los Angeles. After a botched attempt to make a bust in a Detroit chop shop, the effectively unorthodox police officer, Axel Foley, once more, finds himself in sunny Beverly Hills, hot on the trail of an elusive gang of cold-blooded killers. There--with the aid of old friends, Serge; the recently promoted, Billy Rosewood, and his partner, Jon Flint--Axel sniffs out the criminals' hideout which is nestled right under everyone's nose: in Southern California's bustling theme park, WonderWorld. Now, all that's left to do is to convince the people and the police that the park's impeccable chief of security, Ellis DeWald, is a ruthless villain; and that the immaculate amusement park is, in reality, a graceful and impenetrable facade for a sinister operation. How hard can it be? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One night in Detroit, Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) plans to arrest a gang of car thieves who run a local chop shop. Unbeknownst to his boss, Inspector G. Douglas Todd (Gil Hill), Axel has canceled the SWAT, intending to raid the shop using only his team. Meanwhile, a group of men arrive at the chop shop to pick up a cube van that the car thieves had hijacked. The leader of the group confirms that the vehicle still contains its cargo, which consists of crates labelled as property of the U.S. government, then has his men execute the car thieves. As the murderers are about to leave, Axel, unaware of what has happened inside, proceeds with his plan to enter the shop and quickly finds his team outgunned. Todd, arriving moments later, is fatally shot by the group's leader. As the perpetrators escapes in the cube van, an angry Foley gives chase in one of the partially disassembled cars from the shop, but is prevented from continuing the chase by Secret Service Agent Steve Fulbright (Stephen McHattie). Fulbright informs Axel that the killer must remain on the loose because the federal government is pursuing a larger scheme in which he is involved. After Todd's funeral, Axel learns that several clues left behind by the killers point to Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California owned by "Uncle" Dave Thorton (Alan Young). Axel arrives in Beverly Hills and reunites with his friend Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), who has been promoted to "Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command" (DDO-JSIOC), and meets Billy's new partner, Jon Flint (Hctor Elizondo). It is revealed that John Taggart is now retired and is living in Phoenix, Arizona. Axel asks Flint to call his friend Ellis DeWald (Timothy Carhart), the head of Wonder World's park security, to let him know that he's coming to the park for his investigation. Axel meets and befriends Janice Perkins (Theresa Randle) whilst touring the park's behind-the-scenes facilities. Later, he is spotted by security, shot at and attacked hand-to-hand. Foley retreats to the surface where he cuts in line to enter the Spider Ferris wheel ride. The guards accidentally jam the ride, placing two little kids' lives in danger. Axel rescues them and is subsequently taken to park manager Orrin Sanderson (John Saxon). When DeWald is called in to contest the claim that Axel was attacked by the security men without prior challenge, Axel immediately recognizes DeWald as Todd's killer, but Rosewood and Flint refuse to believe that claim because DeWald is keeping an impeccable public reputation. However, Axel is later visited by Uncle Dave and Janice, who inform him that the Wonder World park's designer and Dave's close friend, Roger Fry, has mysteriously disappeared while inspecting the grounds two weeks ago, leaving only a letter with a cryptic message. He tries to heckle DeWald into revealing his criminal involvements, despite continued admonishments by Agent Fulbright, but DeWald proves too smooth to be caught in a mistake. When Axel later digs deeper into a closed-off section of the park, he finds out that DeWald and Sanderson run a counterfeiting ring that uses Wonder World as a front, and DeWald was at the chop shop in Detroit to get his hands on blank printing paper used for American currency. Axel later meets with Uncle Dave to ask him about further details to find a piece of viable evidence, and thereby discovers that Fry's warning letter is actually written on a sheet of the stolen mint paper. Before he can make use of that evidence, however, Uncle Dave is shot by DeWald, and Axel is framed for his shooting. After getting away from DeWald and bringing Uncle Dave to the next hospital, Axel sets out to prove his innocence by storming the park, calling Rosewood and Flint to assist him. The resulting shootout kills DeWald's henchmen, and after a hand-to-hand fight Axel shoots and kills DeWald. Agent Fulbright appears to explain that he was wrong, but Axel realizes his actual involvement with the counterfeiter and shoots him during a brief struggle. Uncle Dave makes a full recovery, and he thanks Axel for his assistance by creating a new character for Wonder World in his honor, Axel Fox. 
 Force of the Spirit (2005)Summaries Force of the Spirit is a documentary about courage and triumph in the face of adversity. Jean Jacques Machado, born without a functioning left hand, overcomes all challenges to become one of the world's greatest hand-to-hand combat grapplers. This is the legendary story of a world champion. Awe-inspiring and inspirational, Machado demonstrates that it's not what's on the outside that determines a person, but rather what's on the inside. His story confirms that dreams can come true when you're willing to confront the challenges life deals you. With never before seen footage, witness evolution's most advanced warrior, his extraordinary fighting art and his influence on the lives of others who found encouragement by his example. Zimmerman, Joe (I) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jurassic Park (1993)761) A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose. Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island. Film_Fan On Isla Nublar, a new park has just been built with genetically engineered dinosaurs. Tragedy strikes when one of the workers is killed by a velociraptor. The founder of the park, John Hammond, (Sir Richard Attenborough) requests Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and his assistant, Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) to come to the park and ensure that it is safe. Also joining them are Hammond's lawyer Donald Gennaro (Martin Ferrero) and chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum). When they reach the island, they are amazed to discover that Hammond has created living dinosaurs. However, at the same time, they all have their doubts. Later, Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello) join the group in a tour of the park. Sattler leaves the tour to take care of an ill triceratops. Soon the power in the park is shut down by computer systems geek Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), who wishes to steal embryos from the park to sell to a secret buyer. In the process, many dinosaurs escape their paddocks, including the deadly Tyrannosaurus Rex, who, during a thunderstorm, escapes his paddock and attacks the children, and eats Gennaro. Malcolm is injured and Grant and the children are then lost in the park. Meanwhile, Hammond, Sattler, and the rest of the operations team learn that Nedry (who in the meantime has been killed) has locked up the computer system to cover his tracks. They attempt to get power back in the park in order to escape the island. After shutting down the system, then restoring it, the group realizes that velociraptors are also on the loose, and are now on the hunt for the visitors. ahmetkozan Paleontologists Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and mathematician Ian Malcolm are among a select group chosen to tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. While the park's mastermind, billionaire John Hammond, assures everyone that the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when various ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt. Jwelch5742 In high hopes of putting the investors' minds at ease, John Hammond--the visionary billionaire entrepreneur, and founder of the bio-engineering company, InGen--calls in three experts to witness the wonders of the first-ever dinosaur preserve. There, in the isolated island of Isla Nublar, the visitors' wide-eyed excitement will soon turn into pure horror, when the palaeontologist, Dr Alan Grant, the palaeobotanist, Dr Ellie Sattler, and the cynical mathematician, Dr Ian Malcolm, come face-to-face with ferocious primaeval reptiles on the loose, after a devastating malfunction. Now, the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, is on the hunt for fresh meat. Can they escape from the terrors of Jurassic Park? Nick Riganas On a remote island, a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening the attraction to the public, he invites a top paleontologist, a paleobotanist, a mathematician/theorist, and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park, and help calm anxious investors. However, their park visit is anything but tranquil as the park's security system breaks down, the prehistoric creatures break out, and the excitement builds to surprising results. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins on Isla Nublar, a small island 120 miles off the coast of Costa Rica. A large group of construction workers and animal handlers offload a large container, the creature within unseen. During the process, the animal attempts to escape, an act which leads to a mass panic, and the death of one of the workers. The story jumps forward to an Amber mine in the Dominican Republic, where we learn that miners extracting amber are involved with a genetic-engineering company called InGen. We also learn that the death of the worker seen earlier has raised serious concerns about the safety of the island, according to Donald Gennaro, an InGen representative, and that the owner of the island is now seeking top scientific experts in the field to help endorse the park. While he speaks to the man in charge of the mine, Juanito, his crew finds a large chunk of amber with a preserved mosquito inside. At a paleontological excavation in Montana we are introduced to Dr. Alan Grant, and his assistant Ellie Sattler, as they slowly uncover the fossilized remains of a Velociraptor, perhaps nature's most lethal and cunning predator to date, a beautiful specimen evolved to kill. Part of Grant's research experiments with a new radiological device that shoots a probe into the dirt which bounces an image of an uncovered raptor skeleton back to a computer screen. Grant is hesitant about the new technology but seems fascinated with the image it produces without having to dig. He is also a follower of a long-held theory among paleontologists that dinosaurs evolved more from birds than reptiles. One of his assistants has brought along his son, who scoffs at the image on the screen, unimpressed with the fact that it looks like a dead turkey. Grant tells the kid a story about how velociraptors would hunt their prey with fast coordinated attacks. The boy is horrified when Grant explains that after their prey is brought down, velociraptors would often eat their prey alive. The dig is cut short by the sudden appearance of Grant and Sattler's main sponsor, the elderly and eccentric billionaire, John Hammond. He invites them over to endorse his latest project, a remote island resort, where he claims that their "unique biological attractions" are "guaranteed to drive children out their minds!" Alan and Ellie are reluctant to leave their dig but Hammond entices them by offering to fund their work for three more years. Grant and Sattler are accompanied by two other characters -- the equally eccentric chaos theorist Dr. Ian Malcolm, and the lawyer, Donald Gennaro, who represents Hammond's investors. As they arrive by helicopter, they are treated to a unique spectacle of living, breathing dinosaurs. Just the sight of these mighty beasts, a towering Brachiosaurus accompanied by a herd of Parasaurolophus, is enough to leave the stunned visitors breathless, save for Gennaro's offhand comment: "we're gonna make a fortune off this place...". Later, as they arrive at the island's central resort and control facility, the visitors are given a brief tour of the process that created the animals. InGen has succeeded in cloning animals from simple strands of DNA salvaged from mosquitoes that fed on dinosaur blood, and were preserved for millions of years inside fossilized amber. The group is shown the egg-incubation room, just in time to witness the birth of a baby Velociraptor, a sight that deeply disturbs Grant. He asks to see where the adults are housed. The special containment facility seen in the introduction, a fortress of electrified fences and dense foliage, all that separates the humans from the most dangerous creature on the island. Grant is witness to the daily feeding of the animals: a cow is lowered into the pit, only to be stripped clean within moments. The visitors (and the audience) is spared the gruesome sight of the carnage by a thick covering of jungle foliage... The group prepares to experience the theme park's central attraction, in which visitors embark on a safari-like tour of the park, on special electrified Ford Explorers. Grant, Sattler, Malcolm and Gennaro are accompanied by Hammond's two grand children: Lex and her little brother Tim. As the group heads off, Hammond settles into the main control room where his two computer experts, Arnold and Nedry, manage the complex infrastructure of the park. The tour is largely un-eventful: the Tyrannosaurus Rex and Dilophosaurus -two extremely dangerous carnivores- refuse to reveal themselves to the eager tourists. A sick triceratops is also encountered, tended to by the park veterinarians, whom Sattler leaves the group to help out with. An approaching tropical storm forces the tour to be cut short, as most of the staff leave by ship for the mainland. In the meantime, we learn the true colors of Nedry - he has been hired to steal dinosaur embryos for InGen's rival corporation, BioSyn. In order to steal the embryos, he shuts down security systems throughout the park, but this also causes the tour's electric cars to break down, and the electrified fences shut down, thus releasing the dinosaurs from containment. In the film's most thrilling sequence, a T-Rex escapes its enclosure and proceeds to wreck the tour vehicles. Gennaro is eaten, Malcolm is critically injured, but Grant manages to escape with the terrified children. In the meantime, a lost and confused Nedry, trying to hand over the stolen embryos to his contact, encounters a venom-spitting Dilophosaurus, and justice is dealt. Sattler and the Park Warden Muldoon arrive in a jeep at the site of the T-Rex attack to find the injured Malcolm and the remains of Gennarro, but everyone else has disappeared. The T-Rex returns to give chase to the jeep down the road in an exciting car chase of an action sequence, but the humans eventually manage to escape. Grant and the kids spend the night sheltering up a tree, and wake up to find a Brachiosaurus grazing nearby. Lex is initially frightened, but Grant reassures her (and the audience) that Brachiosaurs are peaceful herbivores, and that dinosaurs aren't monsters, they're just animals. Once more, we are given the opportunity to appreciate the beauty and majesty of these magnificent creatures. With Malcolm injured and park systems still offline, Arnold is forced to take drastic action and reset the system-an act that has the unintended consequences of freeing the vicious velociraptors from their enclosure. Arnold, Muldoon and Sattler attempt to restore power, only to have Arnold and Muldoon outsmarted and killed by the cunning creatures. Only Sattler manages to narrowly avoid getting killed. After witnessing a stampede of ostrich-like dinosaurs known as Gallimimus, Grant and the kids make it back to the main resort complex, only to find it abandoned. Grant leaves the kids in the main dining area, and tries to search for other survivors. In the meantime, Lex and Tim are cornered by a pair of raptors inside the main kitchen. In one of the most terrifying scenes in the entire film, the raptors stalk through the dark kitchen, searching for the kids. Eventually, Lex and Tim manage to lure one of the raptors into the freezer and lock it in, but the other raptor chases them out of the kitchen. Meeting up in the control room, Grant, Sattler, and the kids attempt to restore power and communications to the park, but are trapped in by the same raptor. In the nick of time, the security systems and phone lines are brought back online. Nevertheless, the raptors manage to break into the control room and gives chase to our heroes throughout the entire building. Eventually, our heroes are cornered by the last two raptors inside the main atrium. Just as all hope is lost, the T-Rex come crashing in and attacks the raptors, buying enough time for the small group of humans to escape. As the humans evacuate the island by helicopter, the T-Rex gives a final victory roar behind a falling banner proclaiming: "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth". The ending scene is quite powerful and epic, and perfectly captures the spirit of the film in portraying dinosaurs as some of the most magnificent creatures to ever walk the Earth... 