nm0005547:

 It's Complicated (2009)321) When attending their son's college graduation, a couple reignite the spark in their relationship. But the complicated fact is they're divorced and he's remarried. When brought together at a family event, two exes find themselves oddly attracted to each other after ten years of divorce. Although the couple think that this affair will stay in a different state, it brings itself back to their own city and disrupts their personal lives. While the couple still maintain other romances, they cannot help but to continue with their affair. Danielle Laskowitz Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's Complicated: Jake (Alec Baldwin), a divorced lawyer, married to a younger wife (Lake Bell), has a son, Pedro (Emjay Anthony) still feels affectionate to ex-wife, Jane (Meryl Streep), who is owner of a bakery shop. The films starts off with a nice view of a neighborhood and the view of the ocean. We are then bought to a house party. Jake (Alec) proposes a toast to his friends' anniversary (Ted & Ally). The four talk momentarily about their son's graduation, and then Alec's young wife (he divorced Jane, played by Meryl Streep, 10 years ago) walks towards them. Jane seemed shock the way Agness approaches the group and the lack of clothing she had on. Jane leaves as Agness walk towards Jake; they exchange a few words of meeting up in New York at a hotel. Jane and Ally, to much dismay talked about Jane's divorce as they walk towards the door and how Ally didn't seem to feel comfortable around the sight of Agness. As Jane closes the gate, Jake turns around just in time to take a glimpse of Jane, letting us know that he still has feelings for her, although they've been divorced ten years. We then follow up to Jane's middle child, Gabby (Zoe Kazan) who is moving out of the house. The oldest daughter, Lauren (Caitlin Fitzgerald), and her fiancee Harley (John Krasinski) assist Gabby as Jane arrives home. Although reluctant to let Gabby move out of the house, she agrees. Lauren teases her mother, saying she must be lonely and afraid to sleep alone. Jane denies that, saying "One of you is always moving out". Harley: "They just grow up so freaking fast." Lauren: "Mom, you should get a dog." The couple leaves and Jane walks into her kitchen, and reminisces about the many memories with all her children at home with her, now all grown up. The following day, at her bakery, Jane's friend Peter brings along another architect (Steve Martin) to show blueprints to remodel parts of her house. They talk briefly before she remembers she has an appointment with a doctor. As she leaves the office, the elevator stops on the Fertility Center floor and Jake walks in. That night, Jane and her friends enjoy laughs over dinner. They recommend Jane should find a date, rather be semi-miserable at home. The next day, at New York, Jane's family all meet up with Luke, the youngest son, one last night before graduation. They book a hotel (mentioned earlier at the house party). The kids leave to a party, leaving Jane in the hotel. Again, Jane gets in an elevator, this time with a random couple hugging and kissing. She decides to go to the bar and grab a drink. Coincidentally, Jake is there and they talk. He tells her that he is "flying it low" because Pedro has a stomach flu, so he is free for the night. Jane asks when was the last time they were together, he says 1999. Next thing they're having a good time on the dance floor and they go back to the hotel room. They do their thing and Jane felt horrible; drunk and half realizing she had just slept with her ex-husband. Jake says "This is amazing, we just had a great time" as Jane is leaning on the toilet, throwing up and regretting it. During the graduation, the whole family is together and the kids were excited to see their father Jake, despite the divorce. At lunch, the family is having dinner and Jake flirts with Jane, and proposes a toast to Jane, however the family thought it was suppose to be to Luke's academic success. They take it and drink. Gabby properly finishes the toast to Luke. Adam (Steve Martin) drives his Audi to Jane's house to talk about the project of modeling her home. In his car, he is listening to a CD, lecturing on divorces. He sees Jane jogging, calls her and she apologizes for almost forgetting the appointment. She gets in the car and hears the audio and Adam, embarrassingly tries to turn it off. As he finishes talking about the blueprint, Jake arrives in his Porsche. They introduce each other and Adam leaves. Jake goes inside for "coffee", which actually turns out to be more flirting and another sex affair. Once again, Jake is happy and Jane is dismayed for being a "mistress" (all in a fun, comedic way). He claims fate brought them together again and that he is a walking clich, father to a kid in kindergarten, but they're all grown up. That night, Jane's three closest friends talk over wine. They all notice Jane is acting differently, more energetic. She tells them she's been having sex and having an affair with Agness's husband, Jake. The four ladies all get excited and accepted the fact that Jane is having an affair with Jake. They all hate Agness, and one observes "Karma is a b-tch"). Her energetic passion moves along to the bakery. She tells her bakers to make the breakfast menu more lively. SHe then receives a phone call from Adam, whose waiting at her house for another appointment. He set up a chunk of land with different color tapes and a ladder acting as stairs to the second floor. All this is just a preview of how Adam is going to fix the house. She receives a call from Jake, but doesn't answer it. That night at Jake's house, we see him leaving a message for Jane to pick up her phone. He is in the bathroom with the water running, to prevent Agness from hearing. Pedro, being a nosy brat, asks Jake why he was "showering" with his clothes on. Agness comes in and Pedro snitches, but Jake leaves without getting caught. He drives over to Jane's house. Meanwhile, Adam is having dinner at her house. They talk and Jake spies on them through the kitchen window, then accidentally falls. As Adam leaves, Jake knocks on the door and says, "Oh Em Gee <omg>, I thought he'd never leave." He grabs her and flirts. Jane says "it's Nine o'clock, shouldn't your wife be concern?" He reaches for her delicious dish and goes to the bathroom. He is sitting next to the bathtub eating her lavender ice cream, while she baths. He takes out marijuana and asks if she remembers the old days, when they would smoke and get high. But that night, Jane tells Jake she has changed, but he insists and puts the marijuana in the sink's cabinet, saying one day they will smoke it together for old times sake. The next morning, Jane meets her psychiatrist, Dr. Alan. She asks if an affair is okay. He sees her condition of affair as a good way to reconnecting with Jake, so suggests she continues. That night she arranges a candle-lit dinner in hopes of being back with Jake as a family, which Jake agrees happily over the phone. He was at the fertility center when she called. They meet up in the same hotel the same afternoon, to Harley's surprise while having lunch with Lauren. He kisses her, trying to distract her from noticing Jane and Jake getting into the elevator and kissing as the doors close. In the room, Jake faints and a doctor goes up as Harley sees this as well. Jake tells the doctor he is taking "Flomax" to reduce constant urination. In return, it decreases his semen. (He tells the doctor due to to his decrease in semen, it isn't good for his wife, which Jane thinks is the reason for the fertility center, but actually Jake was saying it to her. Both the doctor and Jane were surprised, but Jane agrees to follow the story and says she prefers lots of semen, all in which the doctor said "wow" as if it was a competitive matter to please a women.) That night, Jane prepares the special dinner for Jake, making his favorite dishes and picking a nice dress. Jake at home, anxious to leave the house, grabs his phone and walks to the bathroom. Agness notices the phone and grows suspicious, preventing him from calling Jane. She tells him to put Pedro back in his bed, and takes off her shirt, saying she is ovulating, compensating the dinner arrangement which Jake had thought was able to attend, since Agness was going to a party, but canceled due to ovulation. Jane drinks a glass wine walking around with the food getting cold and she waits for Jake, unknowingly of the situation. Jake seemed distressed as he sets Pedro in his bed and puts his hand on the boy's chest. At this moment, Jake feels torn apart from two different families. He goes over to Jane's house the next morning, hoping for forgiveness, but Jane ignores him as if he wasn't there. The kids are happy to see him and ask if Jane will be coming to the party with dad. She says "No, I have another date with Adam." to much of Jake's surprise, so he leaves the house since he couldnt stay over because of Agness. Adam and Jane's relationship grows stronger. They have dinner together and one night, she takes him to her bakery to make croissants. They flirt and eventually Adam was going to ask if he could kiss her, but she already kissed him. Afterwards, Adam drives her to Luke's party and before they arrive, Jane takes the marijuana that was supposedly meant for Jake and her to smoke, decided to smoke it with Adam. He was hesitant at first, but let in. Luke's friend walks by and asks, "Who brought the reefer?", unknowingly Jane and Adam were smoking behind the shrubs. They go inside and dance/laugh. Adam sees Jake at a table, glaring at him with Jane, enviously. He walks over and asks if he can talk with Jane for a second. Jake takes her to the bathroom and confess his love for her. He realizes she was high and she admittedly said she smoked the reefer with Adam instead. Jake gets annoyed because it was meant for him and Jane, but he takes it from her just as Harley opens the door and sees them together, again this time, but smoking the reefer. Harley was going to leave them two alone, but Jane intervened and asks him to take a pull, which at first he didn't want to, but took a big pull. The three walk out and Adam is dancing with Agness, and Jake dances with Jane, which Agness sees and gets emotional and a bit upset, now that the secrets revealed. She sees Jake happily dance and smile affectionately at Jane. Jake was just about to kiss Jane, but she turns away and tells him that it's over and stop this affair immediately. She walks towards Adam. Jake sees Jane smile happily as she approaches Steve and feels sad, as Agness is across the room staring at him, which he doesn't notice. The following morning, everybody is drunk. Harley is wearing female pajamas, Luke forgot what happened last night. Gabby yawns, just as she asks, "What is dad doing outside?" Jane walks out and Jake approaches her. He told her that he left Agness that night, for good. He really loves Jane and wants to live here again, since he has no where to go. The kids come out to see whats going on and sees the truth that although the parents are divorced, Jake wants to be back again. Luke wants Dad to stay for the night, which Jane didnt allow but the kids really want dad back home so she allows him to stay. That night, Jake is at the dinner table devouring the delicious food Jane made. The kids stare at him with smiles. Jane however, isnt at the dinner table, but upstairs video-chatting with Adam over the computer. Jake decides to run upstairs, as she's in the bathroom. He takes his clothes off and lays on the bed. The computer is on the bed, which Jake doesnt realize Adam is watching. But both Adam and Jane went to the bathroom, so Jake adjusts the computer as Jane walks out and screams, Adam comes back and sees Jake's private area and yells all different kinds of things. Jake surprised gets off the bed and turns around to pick up his clothes, only to moon at the computer (Adam). The kids run to the room and asks whats going on. Jake confesses that he left Agness for their mother. They have been meeting secretly since New York, and having an affair. The kids, shocked asks Jane if this is correct, which she agrees to. Gabby asks if they're going to be back together, which Jake says yes they will, but Jane strictly says, "No, we're not going to be together again." Adam hears this and immediately turns off this computer, which Jane sees. The kids, all upset and emotional deprived, leaves the house. Jake, astonished and rejected packs his bags and drives off. That night Jane sleeps outside the pool area, staring at the full moon, realizing the mess she has gotten into- an affair with Jake and a growing relationship with Adam, it's complicated. The following morning, Jane arrives at Adam's office and apologizes. Adam tells her that her divorce isn't officially over. He sees the love that Jake is expressing towards her is real. He continues to say that, it's best if he discontinues to meet with Jane, incase of getting into a serious relationship. He wants to resolve this situation simply by leaving her and allowing her divorce with Jake to heal. Jane asks if he will continue with remodeling her kitchen, but he says he might let Peter fill in the job instead. She becomes speechless and walks out. She drives home and sees Jake sitting on a swing outside her house. She sits down with him and they talk. Jake says he loves her and doesn't regret a second chance. Jane smiles and says the same. It starts to rain, but we just see the rain hitting the swing they were sitting on. The camera then focuses on a group of men outside, huddle under a tent discussing the project. Jane walks outside in hopes of seeing Adam, but doesn't. However, he pops out from the crowd and tells her, "Its a lucky day to construct in the rain." She smiles and asks the group if they want coffee. They all walk inside the house as Adam walks with her and asks if she has any of those double fudge chocolate cakes in her house. She laughs, saying "You love that stuff, don't you?" The credits roll. 
 Jerry Maguire (1996)431) When a sports agent has a moral epiphany and is fired for expressing it, he decides to put his new philosophy to the test as an independent agent with the only athlete who stays with him and his former colleague. Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) is a successful sports agent. The biggest clients, the respect, a beautiful fiance, he has it all. Until one night he questions his purpose. His place in the world, and finally comes to terms with what's wrong with his career and life. Recording all of his thoughts in a mission statement, Jerry feels he has a new lease on life. Unfortunately his opinions aren't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency, Jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client, Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), and the only person with belief in his abilities, Dorothy Boyd (Rene Zellweger), with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had. Along the way, he faces the harsh truth which he'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he'd never faced before. Hax_9 Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, except for Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), an egomaniacal football player. Can Jerry resurrect his career while still staying true to himself? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jerry Maguire is a busy sports agent for a very large sports agency. After one of his clients is injured, the client's child insults Jerry for not having his dad's best interest in mind. A short time later at his company's annual conference and while dwelling on that insult during a feverish night, he experiences an epiphany of what he thinks it should mean to represent someone. Feeling inspired, Jerry writes it all down as a mission statement and has it distributed to everyone in attendance, including ideas such as "fewer clients, less money." Returning from the conference he has a chance encounter with an accountant named Dorothy from his firm who tells him she was inspired by his memo. A week later he is fired from the company by his protege, Bob Sugar. After spending the rest of the afternoon contacting his clients and trying to maintain a client list, Jerry is left with only one client, a very outspoken, obnoxious wide receiver, Rod Tidwell, who only wants Jerry to "Show Him the Money." As he's leaving he walks thru the main company work area and invites anyone who wants to be part of something great to join him. At first no one speaks then finally Dorothy jumps up and walks out with Jerry. In an effort to rebuild a large client base, Jerry's fiancee Avery convinces him to go see the college football phenom Cushman at his home in Texas and that getting Cush will help him attract other clients. When he arrives Cushman's dad tells Jerry that since he showed up they will let Jerry be his agent for the upcoming NFL draft but refuses to sign a contract at that time, saying "my word is stronger than oak." Later at the NFL draft Jerry focuses almost all of his attention on parading Cush around which leave Rod feeling neglected. Jerry finally makes time to parade Rod around the gathering of owners and coaches, spending an hour or so introducing him and talking Rod up to them all. Jerry then goes back to Cushman's room where he inadvertently intercepts a call from Bob Sugar to Cush, discovering then that Cushman's dad had signed a contract with Bob "while you were out with that black fella." Avery is viciously berating Jerry for failing to get a signed contract when he was in Texas when Jerry realizes he doesn't want to marry her so he breaks off the engagement. Later that night Jerry is drunk and invites himself over to Dorothy's house, over the objections of her sister Lauren. Jerry proceeds to make a pass at Dorothy which she gently rebuffs due to his inebriated state. He is embarrassed and leaves after assuring her that their new company will be fine when they get Rod's new contract from Arizona, his current team. A few days later after returning from Arizona where he was unsuccessful at getting Rod a new contract, Jerry invites Dorothy out to dinner after which they impulsively decide to spend the night together. The next day the offer from Arizona is insultingly low so Rod opts to play out the final year of his current contract and be a free agent next year. Dorothy tells Jerry she is going to take an accounting job in San Diego which will require her to move. Jerry, who is not good at being alone, impulsively proposes to her just as she is preparing to leave so that she will stay. They get married but as a group of family and friends, including Rod, watch the wedding video later it is clear that Jerry is not excited, just stressed out. The story moves quickly along to the next football season during which we see Jerry on the road at all Rod's games, as opposed to being at home with Dorothy. Over the course of the season we see Jerry and Rod develop a close friendship. As Jerry and Dorothy spend time with Rod and his wife Marcy, Dorothy admiringly observes the depth of commitment Rod and Marcy show to one another. The night before Jerry is leaving for a Monday Night Football game, Dorothy confronts Jerry with the idea that his proposal several months ago was more of an idea than an actual proposal and their marriage was a mistake. When Jerry tells her that he doesn't give up, that "he sticks", she tells him that she doesn't want someone just to stick, she wants someone that loves her. At the MNF game the sportscasters indicate that Rod has had a great year and is one of the prime reasons that Arizona is in contention for a playoff spot if they win this game. Rod has a great night with multiple impressive, tough catches including the game winner. Jerry and Rod share a jubilant emotional moment after the game after which Jerry rushes home to Dorothy. He walks in to the house during the middle of Lauren's divorced women's support group meeting and makes a plea in front of all of them for Dorothy's love. He declares his overwhelming love for her and she readily accepts him back. Some time later during a TV interview with Rod, it is revealed that Rod gets a very generous offer from Arizona, allowing him to finish his career there which is something he wanted. In the final scene Jerry and Dorothy are walking her 8 yr old son along a path next to a baseball diamond when a ball lands at the boys feet. He throws it impressively far to get it back onto the field, prompting a discussion between Dorothy and Jerry about grooming him for a career "to foster his natural talent" according to Jerry. 
 Nightcap (20162017)Summaries Insanity, absurdity and urgency reign, and it's up to head talent booker Staci (Ali Wentworth) to wrangle both her dysfunctional staff and the myriad of stars who bring their quirks, diva demands and peculiar antics to the set. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Office Space (1999)761) Three company workers who hate their jobs decide to rebel against their greedy boss. In the Initech office, the insecure Peter Gibbons hates his job and the obnoxious Division VP Bill Lumbergh who has just hired two efficiency consultants to downsize the company. His best friends are two software engineers Michael Bolton and Samir Nagheenanajar, that also hate Initech, and his intrusive next door neighbor Lawrence. He believes his girlfriend Anne is cheating on him but she convinces Peter to visit the hypnotherapist Dr. Swanson. Peter tells how miserable his life is and Dr. Swanson hypnotizes him and he goes into a state of ecstasy. However, Dr. Swanson dies immediately after giving the hypnotic suggestion to Peter. Peter, in his new state, starts to date the waitress Joanna and changes his attitude which results in his being promoted by the consultants. When he discovers that Michael and Samir will be downsized, they decide to plant a virus in the banking system to embezzle fraction of cents on each financial operation into Peter's account. However Michael commits a mistake in the software on the decimal place and they siphon off over $300 thousand. The desperate trio tries to fix the problem, return the money and avoid going to prison. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Three software engineers have had enough of the daily grind working their dull, mundane jobs at Initech Corporation. Subjected to filling out useless forms, fighting with faulty office fax equipment, and their obnoxious boss Bill Lumbergh are enough to drive anyone crazy. When Initech announces that they're bringing in efficiency consultants the staff are afraid for their jobs. Michael, Samir, and Peter scheme to Get even for the job loss with a software programming scheme that aims to take Initech for a small fortune through a virus that is designed to skim the rounding on each banking transaction to Peter's bank account. Unfortunately thanks to a typo on the decimal the virus skims a lot or money. Realizing they don't have much time the three scramble to cover their tracks and avoid prison. Can they recover and get out of their predicament safely? halo1k Peter Gibbons is a computer programmer who despises his job at Initech and his annoying boss Bill Lumbergh. His coworkers and friends, Michael Bolton and Samir Nagheenanajar, also hate their jobs and are about to be laid off in a downsizing of the company. To get back at Initech for their troubles, the trio plant a virus into Initech's banking system that will siphon money into Peter's bank account gradually. However, after a glitch in the virus code causes a large sum of money to immediately transfer to their account, the trio must find a way to solve the problem without going to jail. Sam Peter Gibbons, thanks to a hypnotic suggestion, decides not to go to work at the same time his company is laying people off and ends up getting promoted as suggested by two consultants. When layoffs affect his two best friends, the trio conspire to plant a virus in the company's banking system that will embezzle a small amount of money on every transaction into Peter's bank account. Foggy Peter Gibbons just can't seem to catch a break. He believes his girlfriend is cheating on him, he has an intrusive neighbor, and he's completely miserable with his job as a small cog in a company called Initech. Then he visits a hypnotherapist, who dies just after putting Peter into a state of complete bliss. Free of worrying about making a living, he no longer feels the need to keep his job, just as the company is going through a massive downsizing. However, his new attitude only makes him more valuable in the company's consultant's eyes. Peter's friends Michael and Samir are laid off and the trio scheme to plant a virus inside Initech's computer system that will siphon cents from each transaction into Peter's bank account. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Office Space is the first feature-length film directed by writer/creator Mike Judge. It is based on his "Milton" animated shorts. Office Space did not generate stunning box office on its original release in 1999, but the film, along with red Swingline staplers, have since attained cult status. This film chronicles the dreary life of Peter Gibbons ( Ron Livingston ), a software engineer cubicle dweller at Initech. Peter has a frustrating commute, tiresome coworkers, an inane boss and a girlfriend that he's pretty sure is cheating on him. The only bright spots in his life are his two friends at work, Samir ( Ajay Naidu ), and the unfortunately named Michael Bolton ( David Herman ), his laid-back construction worker neighbor Lawrence ( Diedrich Bader ), and Joanna, a waitress at the local Chotchkie's restaurant whom he worships from afar ( Jennifer Aniston ). After enduring a morning at work consisting of repetitive reprimands about the minutia of TPS reports (the acronym is never explained), the bleak office atmosphere takes a tense turn when the employees are informed that Initech is bringing in consultants to help improve efficiency. All the Initechers are nervous about interviewing for their own jobs, but Milton ( Stephen Root ), a twitchy, mumbling long-time employee, is only concerned that he will either be asked to move his desk once again, or that someone will notice he's kept his beloved red Swingline stapler after the company had switched to another brand. Michael Bolton threatens to unleash the virus he's been working on, or join Samir in trashing the horrible fax machine they're forced to deal with. On Friday Peter attempts to sneak out early, but is caught by his arrogant boss, Bill Lumbergh ( Gary Cole ), and as feared is requested to work over the weekend. Peter finally leaves the office and reluctantly joins his girlfriend, Anne ( Alexandra Wentworth ), at an appointment with an occupational hypnotherapist that she's hoping can help him have a more positive outlook on life. The hypnotherapist does indeed get Peter into a very relaxed state, but suffers a fatal heart attack before he can bring him out. The next morning, Peter ignores his alarm clock, blowing off working on Saturday and Sunday as requested. He also manages to sleep through the 17 messages left for him by Lumbergh. He takes an angry call from Anne, who's demanding an explanation for his odd behavior. Peter responds by hanging up on her, and Anne responds by breaking up with him and confirming that yes she WAS cheating on him. Peter returns to bed for the remainder of the day. On Monday, instead of going to work, Peter goes to Chotchkie's and finally asks Joanna out for lunch. They get to know each other and he tells her of his plan to not quit, but just stop going to work. They also discover a mutual appreciation for the TV series Kung Fu, and a date is made to watch it later at Peter's apartment. Peter then heads over to the Initech office to retrieve his address book, and runs into Michael Bolton who advises him to go home instead of keeping his interview appointment with the efficiency experts, both of whom happen to be named Bob. Peter decides this is the opportunity he's been waiting for, and meets with the Bobs. He tells them in no uncertain terms about his lack of motivation and his frustration of having to answer to seven levels of management. He leaves the meeting feeling unburdened, wishes them all well, and the Bobs are duly impressed. Meanwhile, Joanna has her own version of Lumbergh to deal with, her boss at Chotchkie's, Stan ( Mike Judge ). He conveys his disappointment about her wearing the minimum amount of "flair" (the decorative buttons and the like) on her work uniform. He lectures that while the "flair" is her opportunity to express herself, she seems satisfied in only wearing the minimum 15 pieces. Joanna, perplexed, assures him she will do more to express herself. The reorganization at Initech is progressing. The Bobs are meeting with upper management, and inform Lumbergh of several employees who will be let go. They also point out that they discovered an irregularity. Milton had actually been laid off five years prior, but through a glitch in payroll continued to receive a paycheck. The Bobs report that they fixed the glitch, and that Milton will no longer be paid and will eventually leave of his own accord. When they bring up the subject of promoting Peter, Lumbergh disagrees with them, but they vehemently push back, and start quizzing Lumbergh on how much time he's spending on those TPS reports. Peter spends the next several days hanging with Joanna and fishing with Lawrence. He shows up back at Initech at the request of the Bobs to find out that not only is he getting a promotion, with people reporting to him, a raise and stock options, but that among others both Samir and Michael Bolton are being fired. He meets with his friends that night and asks Michael Bolton if the virus he's always talking about will really work. Michael explains that the virus will take the fractions of a penny that remain on every bank transaction and deposit them into an account. The theft will be so gradual that it will take years before it's even noticed. The three friends agree that it's a foolproof scam, and decide to put it in motion the following day before Samir and Michael are let go for good. They also agree not to tell anyone else, even though Lawrence has heard all the details of the plan through the apartment wall. Peter assures Samir and Michael that Lawrence is "cool." The plan to upload the virus is executed with overly elaborate complexity and the friends declare, "That was easy." After Michael Bolton and Samir are escorted out by security, Peter takes them to a nearby field to give them a going-away present: the fax machine that's been the bane of their existence. Michael and Samir take out their frustrations on the machine, totally demolishing it with their feet, a baseball bat and even Michael's bare hands. The day ends badly for Milton as well, when he's asked to move his desk into Storage Unit 2, and Lumbergh confiscates his red Swingline stapler. That weekend, on their way to a party being thrown by a recently laid-off Initech coworker, Peter reveals the penny-pinching software scam to Joanna. Despite his best efforts, he fails to convince her that what he, Samir and Michael are doing isn't stealing. Once at the party, Peter finds out to his horror that Joanna once slept with Lumbergh. He confronts her with this information on the way home from the party, they argue, and she gets let out of the car saying her previous history is not his to judge, that it was two years ago and proclaims that he needs grow up. Peter then suffers a horrible nightmare in which he envisions Lumbergh having sex with Joanna. Joanna's run of confrontations continue. Her boss, Stan, again reprimands her for not using her "flair' to express herself. Joanna decides she's finally had enough, expresses herself by flipping him the bird, and gets fired from her job. The next morning Peter checks the balance in the illicit penny-pinching scam account and finds it is a shocking $305,326.13! The three friends meet, and Michael chalks the glitch up to a decimal place error. Meanwhile, at Initech, the poor treatment continues with Milton. After he is denied a piece of office birthday cake, this being the second time, the last straw comes in the form of a request to please go ahead and take care of the cockroach problem in Storage Unit 2, an action that Milton points out as not being in his job description, and the the lights get turned out on him. He mumbles that perhaps he'll burn down the building. Peter, Samir and Michael have been mulling over their problem of too much stolen money all day, and determine that they are simply not good criminals. The trio are afraid of going to prison and being sexually assaulted. Before they adjourn for the night, Peter learns from Michael and Samir that they were also aware that Joanna did sleep with a former employee named Lumbergh who was transferred but it wasn't their boss. After Michael and Samir leave, Peter knows what he must do: he decides to return the money to Initech along with a note taking responsibility for the whole thing. First, Peter meets Joanna outside of the new restaurant she's working for and informs her that he may be going to jail for a while since he's planning to take the blame for the embezzlement scam. He asks for her forgiveness and says that though he might never find a job he likes, he thinks he could be happy in his life if he's with her. She forgives him immediately. Peter sneaks into Initech after hours and slips the envelope containing his confession letter and the $300 thousand in traveler's checks under Lumbergh's office door. The next morning, Milton harangues Lumbergh's secretary about not being paid and then lets himself into Lumbergh's empty office in an effort to retrieve his red stapler. Back at his apartment, Peter bids farewell to his neighbor Lawrence and heads off to hit the road. On his way out, he passes the Initech building ... which is completely engulfed in flames. As the building collapses, we see Milton wandering away from the crowd, mumbling about his stapler. Later, we see Peter has joined Lawrence's construction crew and is working on the clean-up of the Initech fire. Peter runs across the charred red stapler and scoops it up -- he knows there's someone who's would like it. Michael and Samir come by to visit on their lunch break from their new jobs at Innertrobe, or Penetrobe as Peter calls it. The friends conclude that the fire likely consumed the confession letter and all the money, and decide they're in the clear but it's too bad all the money was lost. Peter soaks in the simple pleasure of working outside and making an honest living. Next we see Milton at a beautiful Mexican resort and the mystery of what happened to the money is solved. When he's given the wrong drink order, he first threatens to take his business and traveler's checks to a competing resort ... then to burn the resort down. 