nm0005102:

 All My Children (19702011)Summaries Set in the fictional East Coast suburb Pine Valley, this show is the decades-old, risk-taking soap that centers around Erica Kane and her long line of husbands. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Smallville (20012011)44) A young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville, Kansas. After a meteor shower bursts from the heavens, raining destruction on the unsuspecting citizens of Smallville, years pass, and the healing process leaves the town's inhabitants with scars and secrets. From the ashes of tragedy, a popular yet awkward teen attempts to decipher the meaning of his life and his clouded past. As he struggles with the transition from boyhood to adulthood, Clark finds that his strength and strange abilities set him uncomfortably apart from his peers. Official DVD summery The numerous miraculous rescues by the local wonder boy Clark Kent (Tom Welling) have aroused suspicions amongst colonials of Smallville, Kansas. Interestingly, the boy has managed to downplay his acts of various heroic egresses in the past. They say he's either too fast or has a penchant for finding trouble. He was found by Martha (Annette O'Toole) and Jonathan Kent (John Schneider) on the day of an infamous meteor shower, and subsequently adopted. Clark's friend Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum), the only heir of LuthorCorp, has been secretly investigating grounds for Clark's outlandish valor. However, on the face of it, Clark just seems to be a normal boy who's slightly more secretive than usual. Abhinav Madaan In October 1989, a huge meteor shower destroyed most of the town of Smallville, Kansas. This event brought Jonathan (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O'Toole) what they always wanted, a son they named Clark. In 2001, their son is becoming a man (Tom Welling). He has two best friends, Pete Ross (Sam Jones III) and Chloe Sullivan (Allison Mack), and a crush on the hottest girl in school, Lana Lang (Kristin Kreuk), not to mention a budding friendship with future nemesis Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum). But his parents have been hiding a secret from him. They found him inside of a spaceship when the meteor shower came. As he begins to develop his powers and discover more abilities that will soon transform him into Superman, Clark begins to take on his mantle as the Man of Steel. Yehudit It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deadly Exchange (2017)Summaries A girl tries to destroy her new friends life, and take her place in her family. Samantha and daughter Blake invite Chloe, a foreign exchange student from Britain, into their California home. The two girls become close friends but Samantha's uneasiness begins with the suspicious death of Blake's boyfriend. Samantha sets out to prove her daughter's innocence, discovering Chloe's ultimate plan is to "adopt" Samantha as her "mum". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Passions (19992008)Summaries In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. But behind the money are many lies and secrets. Most of what the Cranes do affects the other core families: the working class Bennets, the Russells, and the Lopez-Fitzgeralds. The wealthy Hotchkiss family cause's a lot of problems in Harmony. They are heavily involved with the much wealthier Crane family. And everyone must watch out for Tabitha Lenox, who is thought to be the crazy neighbor of the Bennets, but is actually a 300 year old witch who plays god with all of their lives. The powerful Crane family, headed in Harmony by the slow-witted Julian, who's really just a puppet of his faceless father Alistair, attempts to control all of the goings-on in the town. Julian recently found that Alistair's heir, Ethan, is not his son, but police chief Sam Bennett's. The secret's revelation was manipulated by Julian's new love, Rebecca Hotchkiss, who's plotting to get her daughter, Gwen, back together with Ethan. Ethan is engaged to the beautiful Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, who was a virgin until, she and Ethan made love just past midnight on their wedding day. Theresa's brother, Luis, is engaged to Sheridan Crane, and Alistair plotted to have Julian kill Sheridan with a poisoned wedding ring to prevent her marriage to Luis. If Luis gains access to the Crane estate, he might just solve the mystery of his father, Martin Fitzgerald's, long ago disappearance. Eve Russel, the town doctor, had an affair with Julian before she met her husband T.C. The relationship produced a son, who she thought had died, but who may or may not be Chad Harris - an orphan who came to town looking for his parents, and fell in love with Eve's daughter, Whitney. Eve's other daughter, Simone, also loves Chad - which has created a rather interesting love triangle, since Whitney recently promised a near-dead Simone that if she would come back, Whitney would never see Chad again. Tabitha Lennox, as it turns out, is rather inconsequential thus far, but she provides plenty of comic relief. stephanie boone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 