nm0004949:

 Soldier's Girl (2003)Summaries The true story of the price a young soldier paid for falling in love with a transsexual night-club performer. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boss (20112012)211) Mayor Tom Kane, diagnosed with a dementia disorder, struggles to keep his grip on power in Chicago. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Season Two: After nearly losing his career, his family and his mind, Mayor Tom Kane's ( Kelsey Grammer ) grip on Chicago is as powerful as ever. With high doses of medication, he's able to beat back the physical symptoms of his debilitating brain disease, but it comes at a cost. Kane is left with intense and uncontrollable neurological side effects. Despite the delusions, Kane breaks ground on the O'Hare Airport expansion and looks toward his next endeavor protecting and repairing his legacy. With the astute counsel of new aides Mona Fredricks ( Sanaa Lathan ) and Ian Todd ( Jonathan Groff ), he plans to remove and rebuild a long forgotten housing project, now home to gang activity and rampant corruption. Committed to his unorthodox agenda, Kane prepares to cut out the cancers within the political machine he helped build. Fully aware of Kane's illness, his wife Meredith ( Connie Nielsen ) finds herself questioning who holds the key to preserving her position of power. Meanwhile, their daughter Emma ( Hannah Ware ), who is a product of their loveless, political marriage, battles her own destructive demons. Without his longtime advisors Ezra Stone ( Martin Donovan ) and Kitty O'Neil ( Kathleen Robertson ), and his political protg Ben Zajac ( Jeff Hephner ), the odds continue to stack against him. As corrupt heads roll and his list of enemies grows, Kane's virtuous actions begin to erode the very foundation of power he's worked a lifetime to build. In order to maintain it, Kane must govern as he always has -- ruthlessly. --by Starz Publicity Season One The series follows Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr Ella Harris. Those around Kane are too busy with their own lives to notice anything unusual. Kane's marriage to his wife Meredith is nothing more than one of convenience. Kane's closest advisors, Kitty O'Neill and Ezra Stone, begin to suspect something is wrong with the Mayor but respect him too much to ask any questions, while State Treasurer Ben Zajac is too busy cultivating his political ambitions to become the next Governor of Illinois to notice anything out of the ordinary. Kane's daughter, Emma, is the only one who suspects that something is wrong with her father. But does she know enough to uncover his secret and what will it mean for his political career? from Wikipedia 
 Ballers (20152019)321) A series centered around a group of football players and their families, friends and handlers. Ballers is a half-hour comedy series starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Looking at the lives of former and current football players, the show follows former superstar Spencer Strasmore as he gets his life on track in retirement while mentoring other current and former players through the daily grind of the business of football. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Former all-pro football player Spencer Strasmore wakes up haunted by memories of his playing days. He chews down pain med to start his day. Along with his friends Ricky Jerret and Charles Greane, Spencer attends the funeral of their former teammate Rodney, who died in a car accident with his crazy girlfriend. At the funeral, Rodney's widow, Tina, tells Spencer to get his life together so he doesn't end up like her late husband. Spencer meets with Joe Kutel, his partner at Anderson Financial, where they work as money managers. After trying a bit too hard to be cool, Joe tells Spencer he needs to work on "monetizing his friendships." Spencer was hired for his access to star athletes and its time he started bringing them in. That night at Story, Rodney's favorite club, Spencer drops some knowledge for his prospective clients, including NFL players DeSean Jackson and Antonio Brown: "Never buy a depreciating asset. If it drives, flies, floats or f**ks - lease it!" Inside the club, Ricky meets with a brilliant young woman named Dashi. After having a small talk, she requests him to show his entire c**k and f**k her in the ass. Ricky does just that. While Dashi cums at the bathroom floor, a former frat boy tries to start things up behind the door and Ricky drops him with a punch. Spencer springs into action, breaking up the fight and telling Charles to get the truck. Ricky calls his agent, Jason, to get ahead of the story, but the damage is done. Ricky calls his team's brass to apologize for his behavior, but they cut him anyway. Spencer sets him straight, telling Ricky to "wise the fuck up." Though he isn't an agent, Spencer calls Miami GM Larry Siefert to plant the seed of hiring Ricky. Charles' wife Julie is on him to try and get a job. After visiting the local Chevy dealership, he's brought on as a salesman. Siefert comes by on Charles' first day at work, asking questions about Ricky. Charles has only positive things to say about his friend. Vernon Littelfield, a young, star guard with the Cowboys, reaches out to Spencer. He needs to borrow $300K to support his lifestyle and the group of family members and hangers-on who crash his place. Spencer agrees to lend him the money as long as he can represent him as a client. Vernon takes the check, but is non-committal about the rest. Thanks to Spencer and Jason's efforts, as well as Charles' kind words, the Miami coach agrees to meet with Ricky on his boat. Ricky is one minute late to the meeting, and Coach takes off without him. Hours later, when he returns and sees Ricky still waiting for him, he tells Ricky the good news: He's on the team. Ricky calls Spencer to thank him, but Spencer's distracted. He's trying to withdraw money from the ATM and the machine reads: INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. After Spencer sells a savings bond to an older woman, Joe tells him to stop playing small ball. Spencer counters that he's just signed on Vernon Littelfied as a client. Joe breaks out the tequila to celebrate, until Spencer reveals that Vernon hasn't actually signed the authorization forms yet. Thanking Spencer for the "blue balls," Joe sends him out to get the signature. As Ricky prepares to leave for his first practice with the Dolphins, his girlfriend Annabella gives him two things: a diamond necklace with his number 18, and a warning that if he steps out on her again, she'll leave him. At practice, Ricky sees another receiver, Alonzo Cooley, sporting his beloved number. Ricky offers him $40,000 and the necklace in exchange for the jersey, but Alonzo isn't having it. Spencer visits Vernon to get him to sign the paperwork, but Vernon's childhood friend and "advisor" Reggie intercepts him. Reggie doesn't want to be left out of any conversation about Vernon's finances, and he lets Spencer know it. Vernon's mother suggests they meet for lunch at the Biltmore to talk things over. Despite his aversion to air travel, Jason flies to Dallas to unofficially begin renegotiating Vernon's contract face to face with the team. At the Chevy dealership, Charles gets another visit from Larry Seifert, the Dolphins GM. Seifert tells the former lineman that instead of selling cars, he could still be playing in the league - if he were to get in shape. Charles rebuffs the offer and sells him a truck instead. When he goes home, Charles asks his wife, Julie, if she thinks he's fat. She says she likes him "burly," but admits he could lose a few pounds after he breaks an ottoman. At the Biltmore, Joe and Spencer are surprised to see Vernon invited his friends and family, all of whom are now enjoying a lavish lunch on the company dime. After Jason calls to deliver the news that Dallas hasn't yet agreed to renegotiate, Spencer has a heart to heart with Vernon. He needs to cut down on the spending, or his crew will bleed him dry. Vernon agrees to let Spencer control his finances - as long as Reggie is involved. They sign the paperwork, and Vernon and Reggie drive off in their brand new (leased) McLaren. Spencer and Joe visit their boss, "Old Man Anderson," on his yacht. They want to make a push to sign more high-income athletes, but they need to borrow his yacht to attract them. "Ask me if you can f**k my wife, you have a better shot," Anderson responds. Spencer convinces him the yacht is necessary, telling his boss, "players love the bling." In the Miami locker room, Ricky finds his belongings in the cold tub, including his precious Jordans. Ricky pretends to take it all in stride, then goes after Alonzo. They tussle until the other players break it up. With access to Anderson's yacht, Spencer and Joe host a giant party to lure new clients. When Vernon and Reggie arrive, Vernon encourages Spencer and Reggie to play nice. But as soon as he's out of earshot, Reggie starts up. He thinks Spencer is just using Vernon, while Spencer blames Reggie for Vernon's financial trouble. Reggie tells Spencer he wants one of the three percentage points Spencer gets on the money he handles for Vernon. Coach leaves the festivities and tells everyone to behave - "I don't want to see anyone on TMZ, or Deadspin, or Page f**king Six." Then the party turns up. Charles, getting over his nostalgia for his playing days, drinks aggressively and loses his shirt. Joe, meanwhile, finally makes a connection with the players, earning their admiration with his dice skills and partying prowess. Acting on a tip from Tracy Legette, Spencer tells Ricky the real reason why Alonzo's mad at him: Ricky's been sleeping with his interior decorator, Kara, who happens to be Alonzo's mom. Spencer asks him to break it off, but Ricky doesn't want to. Later when Ricky is below deck with Kara, he realizes there's something weird about their arrangement. Vernon is about to call it a night when Reggie brings around more girls. They party together, go in the hot tub, and take selfies. Drunk and deliriously happy, Joe informs Spencer that the night's a success. He's gotten three verbal commitments and created a new slogan: "Anderson Financial: Get rich. Get laid. Have fun." As Joe goes off to get more drinks, Spencer tracks down Reggie and tells him how it is: Spencer doesn't need to give him anything. Reggie gets under his skin by accusing Spencer of trying to steal his family. When Spencer gets in his face, Reggie falls backwards into the DJ booth, bringing the party to a halt. Reggie asks the now silent crowd if Spencer is the kind of guy they want handling their money. In a pinch, Spencer suggests to everyone that Reggie's had too many margaritas. He thanks everyone for coming and makes one last pitch for Anderson. Joe follows up in celebration, but accidentally puts his foot in his mouth. As prospective clients playfully hurl him off the deck, Joe screams, "I love this party." 
 Barbershop: The Next Cut (2016)541) As their surrounding community has taken a turn for the worse, the crew at Calvin's Barbershop come together to bring some much needed change to their neighborhood. It's been more than 10 years since our last appointment at Calvin's Barbershop. Calvin and his longtime crew are still there, but the shop has undergone some major changes. Most noticeably, our once male-dominated sanctuary is now co-ed. The ladies bring their own flavor, drama and gossip to the shop challenging the fellas at every turn. Despite the good times and camaraderie within the shop, the surrounding community has taken a turn for the worse, forcing Calvin and our crew to come together to not only save the shop, but their neighborhood. Warner Bros. While Calvin and his co-ed shop try to make their neighborhood safer without letting the city wall it off, they deal with domestic and business issues. When they put their plan into motion and tragedy strikes anyway, it's almost too much for them to handle. But when they find that the streets have infiltrated their families, they pull out all the stops to take back their streets. Set nearly 15 years after the original film and 12 years after the second film, Calvin (Ice Cube) has merged the barbershop with the beauty salon next door into one business. New barbers include Jerrod (Lamorne Morris), Raja (Utkarsh Ambudkar), and Rashad (Common), who is now married to Terri (Eve). Rashad's son, Kenny is friends with Calvin's son, Jalen. Angie (Regina Hall) is the owner of the beauty shop and Calvin's business partner.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Calvin (Ice Cube) expresses his love for the city of Chicago for being his hometown and the place where he has been running his barbershop business and supporting his family. Unfortunately, the city has been plagued by gang violence and criminal activity as of late, and tensions have begun to rise, especially in Calvin's neighborhood. Eddie (Cedric The Entertainer) comes running into the barbershop frightened because he claims to have made a comment at some thugs over their pants sagging. Eddie gets Calvin panicked as the door starts banging, but it's really just a delivery man bringing Eddie his breakfast, to Calvin's annoyance. The barbershop is now co-run by Calvin and Angie (Regina Hall), allowing a separate section for women to work, with new recruits Bree (Margot Bingham) and Draya (Nicki Minaj). On the mens side are Jerrod (Lamorne Morris), Raja (Utkarsh Ambudkar), and Rashad (Common), new husband of Terri (Eve). The shop also has a boy named Anthony Clark (Torion Sellers) working there while he puts his focus on school. Rashad's son Kenny (Diallo Thompson) has been hanging out with Calvin's son Jalen (Michael Rainey, Jr.). The boys come in one morning before school, and Calvin catches Kenny trying to swipe two Snickers bars. Outside, some Crips pull up and try to steal the boys' shoes, until the Bloods of that area come outside and tell the other gang to step off. The Bloods leader, Yummy (Tyga) is friendly with the boys based on the assumption that they are willing to join his gang. The men and women of the barbershop converse on the subject of modern women, with Bree arguing that good women are always losing to the "hoes" and that men complain about women having fake body parts but still lust after those same women. Another topic of discussion is racism against black people, which Raja disagrees with on the basis that the country has a black president, to which Rashad counters that Obama has done nothing when recent cases involving murdered black youths have been all over the media. Still, Raja insists that there has never been a better time to be a black person. Calvin has recently been talking to a smooth-talking businessman called One-Stop (JB Smoove) about taking the barbershop business from the south side to the north side to avoid the dangers in the streets. Only Calvin's wife Jennifer (Jazsmin Lewis) is aware of this, and she's only considering for Jalen's sake. A regular client, Jay (Renell Gibbs), enters to be taken care of by Draya, but another man, Marquis (Jamal Woolard), shows up, clearly having beef with Jay. The two men nearly fight in the shop until Calvin and Rashad intervene. Jalen and Kenny get in trouble at school after being involved in a fight with the gang from earlier that morning. Jalen is unharmed but Kenny has a bruise under his eye. This pushes Calvin to consider putting his son in Catholic school, and also makes him trust Kenny even less, to the point where he confronts Rashad and tells him their sons shouldn't be hanging out so much. It gets more serious when Jennifer goes through her son's drawers and finds gang paraphernalia. With all the trouble going on in the neighborhood, Jimmy James (Sean Patrick Thomas) announces an enclosure with heavy police presence. The members of the shop band together to organize a forum that night with the community to set up a ceasefire, along with free haircuts to anyone that passes by. Outside the shop, Terri becomes suspicious of Draya for being flirty and close to Rashad. He offers to take Draya home one evening on his way to pick up his daughter. Draya invites Rashad up to her apartment to "talk", but Rashad knows what's up, even if she denies it being sexual. The barbershop gang sets up for Jay and Marquis to arrive at the same time so they can get involved in the ceasefire. After a bit of tension and another near-altercation, the men agree to the ceasefire out of respect for Calvin. Over the weekend, the ceasefire commences. Jerrod and Raja put the word out on Twitter for people to come to the barbershop. A large number of people show up, and things appear to be going smoothly. Rashad goes in the back to grab some items, and Draya goes to do the same. He apologizes for misinterpreting her motives from the other night. She forgives him and then tries to kiss him. Terri then shows up with JD (Anthony Anderson)(who "now runs a food truck business) and heads into the back. She catches Rashad and Draya in the closet at the worst possible moment, leading her to believe they were hooking up. Terri storms out and Rashad follows to try and explain himself, but she won't have any of it. As the shop celebrates a day of peace, Officer Terrence (Timon Kyle Durett) shows up to bring some bad news. Anthony was shot to death on his way home from the library. Devastated, Calvin gives up on the ceasefire. The tension leads to word about him moving the shop to the north side get out, which upsets Angie the most since Calvin kept it from her. Calvin goes to the bar, with Eddie joining him after. He tries to assure Calvin that although Anthony's death was a terrible loss, they still may have prevented even more lives from being taken. This inspires him to return to the shop and apologize, while also putting the ceasefire back on. Almost immediately, the shop gets a visit from Anthony Davis, which brings more attention to the shop. By that evening, the shop sees even more business, including media coverage, as well as becoming a trending topic on Twitter. JD brings his food truck along and racks up some nice business as well. Terri goes to the shop and sees Rashad. She apologizes for accusing him of adultery and they reconcile. Kenny runs into the shop and tells Calvin that Jalen is at the park ready for a gang initiation (which Kenny had previously backed out of). Calvin rushes to the park as we see Jalen approaching Yummy over the initiation. When Calvin gets there, the gang has left, but Jalen decided to stay behind. Without a word, he joins his father. In the morning, the ceasefire comes to an end, and the shop celebrates. Everyone starts to go home. Bree and Jerrod walk together, and they admit having feelings for each other, and they set up dinner for the next night. Draya later visits Terri and apologizes for coming onto Rashad, stating that she feels that Terri has her life figured out while Draya doesn't. Terri forgives her. Jalen visits his dad at the shop and asks him to cut his hair for him. Calvin obliges and cuts off his dreads. The two reaffirm their love for each other, and then Calvin tells Jalen to sweep the floor. Calvin's closing words state that he still loves his city, and he never gave up on it, since it never gave up on him. He and Jalen join Jennifer, along with Rashad, Terri and the kids. During the closing credits, the shop gets an unexpected visit from President Obama (Reggie Brown). Eddie volunteers to give the man a haircut after earlier claiming to have cut his hair years ago. Visibly nervous, Eddie messes up and accidentally shaves a good part on the back of Obama's head. 