nm0003979:

 The Holiday (2006)431) Two women troubled with guy-problems swap homes in each other's countries, where they each meet a local guy and fall in love. In London, Iris Simpkins writes a wedding column in a newspaper and nurtures an unrequited love for her colleague Jasper Bloom. Near Christmas, she is informed that Jasper is engaged to marry another colleague, and her life turns upside down. In Los Angeles, the movie-trailers maker Amanda Woods has just split with her unfaithful boyfriend Ethan and wants to forget him. Through a house exchange website, Amanda impulsively swaps her mansion for Iris' cottage in Surrey for the holidays. While in Surrey, Amanda meets Iris' brother and book editor Graham and they fall in love with each other. Meanwhile, Iris meets her new next door neighbor the ninety year old screenplay writer Arthur, who helps her retrieve her self-esteem, and the film composer Miles, with whom she falls in love. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Iris is in love with a man who is about to marry another woman. Across the globe, Amanda realizes the man she lives with has been unfaithful. Two women who have never met and live 6000 miles apart, find themselves in the exact same place. They meet online at a home exchange website and impulsively switch homes for the holiday. Iris moves into Amanda's L.A. house in sunny California as Amanda arrives in the snow covered English countryside. Shortly after arriving at their destinations, both women find the last thing either wants or expects: a new romance. Amanda is charmed by Iris' handsome brother Graham and Iris, with inspiration provided by legendary screenwriter Arthur, mends her heart when she meets film composer Miles. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Iris Simpkins (Kate Winslet), a society column editor for The Daily Telegraph in London, has been in love with Jasper Bloom (Rufus Sewell) for over three years, despite his infidelities. When she finds out that he is engaged to the "other woman," Iris begins despairing over the state of affairs in her life. Meanwhile, Amanda Woods (Cameron Diaz), a workaholic who owns a company that produces movie trailers in Los Angeles, discovers that her live-in boyfriend Ethan Ebbers (Edward Burns) has cheated on her with his 24-year-old secretary. She decides she wants to get away for the holidays. She visits a home swap website on which Iris had previously listed her "quaint cottage in Surrey. Amanda contacts Iris about her interest. Iris quickly agrees and the two agree to swap homes for two weeks. Iris revels in the luxury of Amanda's Los Angeles home, while Amanda is disappointed by the slower, quieter pace of life in Surrey. Amanda grows bored after just a few hours, and books a flight back for the next day. Later that night, Iris brother Graham (Jude Law) knocks at the door assuming Iris is home. Graham asks Amanda to let him spend the night despite the fact that he is a stranger, as he has been drinking at the pub and doesn't want to drive. They end up sleeping together. In the morning, Graham receives a number of phone calls from Sophie and Olivia, which rouses the suspicions of Amanda that Graham is a womanizer. Graham, knowing that Amanda is leaving to return home, says to Amanda that "if the flight gets cancelled, [he is] having dinner at the pub" with friends. At the airport Amanda decides to stay and goes to the pub. Graham enters the pub and looks for her but cannot see her until he meets his friends and then sees Amanda. Amanda drinks far too much that night. Graham suggests they go to lunch to get to know one another better. During lunch, Amanda shares with Graham that her parents divorced when she was fifteen and since then she has been unable to cry. Graham responds that he cries all the time: movies, books, sad stories, etc. While obviously enjoying each other's company, Amanda is worried that the relationship will become "complicated," and tries to keep Graham at arm's length. Meanwhile, Iris is enjoying the stay at Amanda's house. She meets Ethan's friend Miles (Jack Black) when he comes with his girlfriend Maggie (Shannyn Sossamon) to Amanda's house. Later, she finds an old man, Arthur Abbott (Eli Wallach) standing lost at the corner, and she escorts him home. She learns that he was a script writer during the Golden Age of Hollywood. The two become fast friends. Arthur notes that Iris' behavior toward Jasper does not match her strong personality, and he suggests movies for her to watch that include strong female characters, in hopes that she can acquire what he calls "gumption." Amanda chooses not to see Graham again but once alone in the house she has a change of heart and surprises Graham at his house. He looks extremely nervous at the door, Amanda asks Graham whether he is alone, and he says he isn't. Before she can turn away, Olivia and Sophie come to the door, revealing that they are Graham's young daughters. Amanda is shocked and asks Graham in a whisper if he is married. He says no, because his wife died two years ago. Amanda asks him why he did not reveal the existence of his daughters to her during their sharing at lunch. Graham explains that he doesn't usually tell women about them because he doesn't know how to date and be a dad. Amanda fits in beautifully, making Graham reconsider his decision to keep their relationship strictly casual. Iris finds out that the Screenwriters' Guild wants to throw a grand celebration in Arthur's honor, but he is reluctant to go for several reasons, chief among them being that he cannot walk without the assistance of his walker, and does not want to embarrass himself. Iris encourages him to go because it's a real honor, and promises to help him prepare to attend the award function with her. She undertakes an exercise program with him, determined to help him walk without his walker. During these days Jasper contacts her several times to get her to help with the book he is writing. She agrees to look over his pages, but ends up being so busy that she doesn't have time. Iris and Miles have slowly become friends, and one night go to the video store to rent some movies that Arthur had recommended. Miles sings his favorite songs from movies while he is holding the DVDs in his hand. He holds up a copy of 'The Graduate' and goes, "Uh oh...Where have you gone, Joe DiMaggio? - I bet you didn't know, it was all written for the movie, it was a score, technically." We see Dustin Hoffman looking at DVDs and saying, "I can't believe this... I can't go anywhere!" From the video store, Miles sees his girlfriend Maggie in the arms of another guy. He is shocked, as she told him that she would be in Santa Fe on an extended film shoot and would not be in L.A. for this Christmas Eve. He runs out of the store to find out the truth and realizes that she has betrayed him. Iris and Miles return to Amanda's house, where they discuss their tendencies to fall for people that they know are wrong for them, and they grow closer for it. They are now both single, and begin to spend more time together. But one day while Miles and Iris are eating lunch together, Maggie calls Miles and wants to see him. Miles leaves to see her, but promises to come to Arthur's award ceremony that night. Iris goes back to Amanda's, where she is shocked to find Jasper. Iris is touched at first, but then asks if he is still engaged. When he responds that he is, she finally breaks up with him for good. Meanwhile, Maggie tries in vain to convince Miles to forgive her. He realizes that Maggie was never meant for him and he can never trust her anymore. He breaks up with her and rushes to attend Arthurs award ceremony. Iris and Arthur arrive at the ceremony and are very surprised to find the hall filled with people all standing and applauding his achievements. That, plus the song that Miles wrote especially for Arthur for this moment, gives him the confidence to walk onto the stage unassisted. Miles arrives and asks Iris for a date on New Year's Eve. Iris responds that she will be back in London by then; Miles replies "I have never been to London." Iris responds that she would love to spend the evening with Miles. Meanwhile, Graham confesses his love for Amanda on the night before she is scheduled to depart. Amanda insists it is over, she is certain a long-distance relationship will never work. On her way to the airport, she cries for the first time since she was fifteen years old, and returns to the house to find Graham crying. Amanda tells him that she has decided to stay until New Year's Eve with him. Iris and Miles celebrate the New Year with Amanda and Graham and his daughters, enjoying the evening laughing and dancing together. 
 You, Me and Dupree (2006)Summaries A best man (Wilson) stays on as a houseguest with the newlyweds, much to the couple's annoyance. For newlyweds Carl and Molly Peterson, life can't get any sweeter as they begin anew to settle down into married life. With a nice house and established careers in tow, nothing seems to get in their way. However, Carl is about find out just how much friendship means when Dupree, his best friend has been displaced from his home and fired from his job because of attending their wedding. Taking his friend in, what Carl and Molly are about to experience is that the fine line between a few days and whatever else is after, can be a lot more than they bargained for. Especially when their friend overstays his welcome in far too many ways than he should. mystic80 Carl Peterson, an architect, has just got married to Molly, and it seems that they're about to begin their happy life together. Everything is going fine, until Dupree, the best man and Carl's best friend, shows up to invade the couple's intimacy, having lost his job & home. Carl decides to help his old friend, giving him a shelter in the couch, thinking that the whole thing will be for 2 or 3 days. Despite Dupree promising Carl that he'll look for a job the very next day, the immature and lazy bloke spends the time playing with the children from the neighborhood, or dating with a mysterious librarian girl. Molly begins to get tired of Dupree, but Carl must deal with another problem, his malevolent and overprotecting father-in-law, who has warned him that he wants his daughter to keep her maiden name and that he shouldn't even think about having children with her. Apparently, Dupree has came to stay with Molly and the stressed Carl, who doesn't know how to get rid of him, becoming paranoid because the charismatic Dupree is starting to take his place in the household. Alejandro Frias It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Am Number Four (2011)651) Aliens and their Guardians are hiding on Earth from intergalactic bounty hunters. They can only be killed in numerical order, and Number Four is next on the list. This is his story. Extraordinary teen John Smith (Pettyfer) is a fugitive on the run from ruthless enemies sent to destroy him. Changing his identity, moving from town to town with his guardian Henri (Olyphant), John is always the new kid with no ties to his past. In the small Ohio town he now calls home, John encounters unexpected, life-changing events - his first love (Agron), powerful new abilities and a connection to the others who share his incredible destiny. Walt Disney Pictures High school senior John Smith, just moving into the small town of Paradise, Ohio, with his "father" Henri, is outwardly your typical American teenager; however, John (which is just his latest assumed name) is in reality a refuge from the planet Lorien. When he was but an infant, he and eight other Lorien infants escaped from Lorien's holocaust when the planet was overrun by the marauding Mogadorians, who killed all the other Loriens. Each of the nine was assigned a protector/warrior, John's being Henri. The nine are all on Earth, but each has no idea the whereabouts of the other eight. The Mogadorians are out to find and kill the nine, in order, with John being number four. The death of number three, which John felt, prompts his and Henri's move to Paradise, knowing he will be next. Although aware of his heritage, John only knows life on Earth as his true history; thus, he has many of those wants of the American teenager. Their move to Paradise coincides with John beginning to understand he has special powers, which made him one of the chosen nine. Although Henri tells John to stay under the radar, John has a less than inauspicious introduction to life in Paradise, largely because of his associations with two classmates. There's Sam, an oft-picked-upon boy, who, largely because his long-missing father, has always believed in extraterrestrial life (passed down from his dad); and, there's Sarah, the first girl to whom John has ever been attracted. The issue with Sarah is that she is the ex-girlfriend of Mark, the football team's quarterback and school's chief bully, who still wants Sarah back despite having bad-mouthed her publicly since their break-up. John's notoriety in combination with the problems of dealing with the regular issues of teenage life may make John and Henri easier to find by the Mogadorians, which places the lives of all those in Paradise in danger. All the while, Henri continues with his other primary mission, which is to help John find the remaining five, who in combination can better battle the Mogadorians. Huggo John Smith tries his best to play the nondescript high school senior who's just moved to a small mid-Western town in Ohio with his single-parent dad, Henri, but maturity ushers in the onset of extraordinary powers that are John's birthright as one of the very few individuals who escaped the genocidal rampage of the Mogadorians, an alien race that destroyed the inhabitants of Lorien, the planet where John was born. A total of eight infants escaped to Earth, each accompanied by a warrior to serve as their guardian and protector. The Mogadorians' quest to destroy the last of the Loriens has led them to Earth. Three of their targets have already been eliminated. It becomes John's task to find and join with the remaining members of his race before he becomes victim number four. - written by: R. Merriman <wyldberi@msn.com> A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking to track and destroy him in this action thriller from director D.J. Caruso (Disturbia, Eagle Eye). With three dead and one on the run, the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith (Alex Pettyfer) never gets too comfortable in the same identity, and along with his guardian, Henri (Timothy Olyphant), he is constantly moving from town to town -- the perpetual new kid in a series of strangely familiar schools. Despite the fact that his nomadic lifestyle has made it difficult to form meaningful connections, John experiences the joy of first love with a beautiful young woman (Dianna Agron) and begins to unlock his full potential after arriving with Henri in a small Ohio town. With each passing day, John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers, and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An alien from planet Lorien ( Alex Pettyfer ) was sent to Earth as a child alongside eight others to escape an invading race, the Mogadorians, which destroyed their home planet. He is protected by a Warrior/Guardian called Henri ( Timothy Olyphant ) and has developed superpowers due to his extraterrestrial nature, such as enhanced strength, speed, agility, telekinesis, resistance to fire and heat, and the power to generate light from his hands. The Mogadorians, led by the Commander ( Kevin Durand ), know about the nine toddlers that came to Earth and search for them. The nine gifted Loriens can only be killed in numerical sequence, with three of them having already been slain. John is Number Four. Knowing this, he and Henri flee Florida to Paradise, Ohio, where John befriends conspiracy theorist Sam Goode ( Callan McAuliffe ), a dog he names Bernie Kosar, and amateur photographer Sarah Hart ( Dianna Agron ), whose ex-boyfriend, school athlete Mark James ( Jake Abel ), is a bully who often torments Sam and now John. During the spring carnival, Mark and his football cohorts accost John and Sarah, whom they believe are in a relationship, following them into the woods where they attempt to beat John up; however, John uses his powers to fend them off and rescue Sarah. Sam witnesses the events, and John, later confronted, reveals his true origin to him. Shortly thereafter, Mark's father, the local sheriff, interrogates Henri on John's whereabouts during his son and hospitalized friends' attack, noticing Henri's high-tech surveillance system. With John's random displays of power (caused by his difficulty in controlling them) and too many people getting suspicious, Henri tells John they must move on, but John can't disappear just like that. He's fallen for Sarah in the Lorien mate-for-life kind of way. As the Mogadorians close in on John, another Lorien alien, Number Six ( Teresa Palmer ), hunts down the Mogadorians herself instead of running (a proactive decision after the murder of her Guardian). The Mogadorians eventually locate John and manipulate two conspiracy theorists into capturing Henri. When John and Sam go to rescue him, they are attacked but manage to fend the Mogadorians off. Henri is mortally wounded and dies after John and Sam escape with him and some Lorien artifacts, including a blue rock fragment that'll act as a tracking device to locate other Loriens. Sam's father, a conspiracy theorist who disappeared while hunting aliens in Mexico, had another. While Sam searches his home for it, John tries to say goodbye to Sarah at a party, only to discover that the Mogadorians have framed him and Henri for the murders of the conspiracy theorists, getting them additionally labeled as terrorists due to their suspicious use of cutting-edge technology. Mark sees John and calls his sheriff father, who corners John and Sarah. In saving Sarah from an accidental fall, John reveals his powers in the process. The two escape to their high school. The Commander and his goon squad, having arrived in Paradise, block the exits with trucks. He confronts Mark and his father and, after injuring the latter, physically forces the former to show him where John is hiding, whereby Mark takes them to the school, knowing it's Sarah's usual hideout. There, John, Sarah, and Sam are attacked by the Commander and his soldiers, who have brought two giant monsters to hunt down the trio. They are saved by the arrival of Number Six and John's "dog" Bernie Kosar, who reveals his true form as a good Chimera, which can shape-shift (sent by John's parents to protect him further). John, Bernie Kosar and Number Six (who can make herself invisible and block energy-based attacks) fight the Mogadorians. They eventually defeat them all, including the Commander, whose energy grenades are overheated by John and explode, destroying his body. Bernie Kosar eventually shifts back into beagle form, bloodied and alive but favoring a very wounded paw. On the following day, John, Number Six, Sam, and Bernie Kosar, the shape-shifting Chimera, unite their blue rocks and discover the location of the other four surviving Loriens. They set off to find and rally them together to protect Earth from the Mogadorians, leaving Sarah and a repentant Mark (who has redeemed himself by lying to his father about John's whereabouts and returned Henri's personal Lorien box to John) behind. 
 Undercover Brother (2002)44) When "The Man" tries to derail a black candidate's presidential campaign, Undercover Brother and his fellow secret agents come to the rescue. A white faceless corporate despot known only as "The Man", has the power to unleash a terrifying top-secret weapon: an irresistibly packaged psycho-hallucinogenic drug that will reduce the entire population to mindless zombies. but black folks have soul. But with enough funky sense of style, a smooth way with the ladies and an absolute hunger for justice, with his Bruce Lee moves, Cadillac attitude and an arsenal of outrageous disguises and gadgets, Undercover Brother is recruited by the group of Good Guys, know as the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. an all-black justice league to foil the Man's plan to derail a Colin Powell-like presidential candidate, and Undercover Brother's undercover exploits keep the slim plot moving. But while he and his sassy cat-fighting partner known as Sistah Girl tries to find out what's going on, the leader's ruthless right arm, Mr. Feather, discovers the conspiracy's sexy secret weapon, Penelope Snow. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Anton Jackson is an African-American man who seems harmless enough on the surface, but is a secret agent in the all-black Brotherhood, an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment. Partnered with the sassy, stunning Sistah Girl, our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers. Once the transformation is complete, he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of Operation Whitewash--Mr Feather, Penelope Snow aka White She Devil, and, ultimately, The Man. Sujit R. Varma An Afro-American organization, the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., is in permanent fight against a white organization, The Man, defending the values of the black people in North America. When the Afro-American candidate Gen. Warren Boutwell (Billy Dee Williams) has a weird behavior in his presidential campaign, the Undercover Brother (Eddie Griffin) is hired to work undercover in the white organization and find what happened with the potential candidate. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 