nm0004626:

 Jab We Met (2007)541) A depressed wealthy businessman finds his life changing after he meets a spunky and care-free young woman. Depressed after the passing of his father (Dharamraj) and a ditching by his gorgeous girlfriend, Mumbai-based businessman Aditya Kashyap takes a BEST bus, goes to the Chatrapati Shivaji Train Terminus, and boards a train. There he meets Geet Kaur Dhillon, who is returning home to Bhatinda, and who pays for his ticket. At Bar Nagar, he decides to leave, but she follows him, missing her train. They manage to get a ride to Ratlam, miss the train again, but eventually make it to Bhatinda. Once there, he gets to meet her family, her pretty sister Roop as well as her to-be betrothed, Manjeet Singh Mann. Before the engagement can be finalized, she manages to convince her fianc that she wants to marry Aditya. Before Aditya can take stock of these new developments, she elopes with him - not to get married but to re-locate to Manali where her true love, Anshuman, awaits, and to whom she hopes to get married. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Multi-millionaire businessman Aditya Kashyap faces trying times when his father passes away while his fiance ditches him to marry someone else. In order to get some relief, he boards a bus only to end up on a train with a female troublemaker (Geet Dhillon) who is going home to her residence in Bhatinda. She tries her best to get his attention but Aditya, traumatized by what he's gone through in life, is little interested. When Aditya decides to alight from the train at a certain point, Geet decides to follow him only to end up missing her train. The duo then takes a lift to another train terminal but ends up missing the train again. After a series of mishaps, they manage to reach Bhatinda where Geet introduces Aditya to her family and to her fianc Manjeet Singh. Geet does not want to marry Manjeet, so she uses Aditya to run away from home and towards her lover, Anshuman, who stays in Manali. With Geet settled in life, Aditya move on to his business life again only to meet up with Geet many months later to find that things are not quite rosy between her and Anshuman. In trying to make things right between the couple, Aditya and Geet end up falling in love. Now Aditya must decide what to tell her family about Geet and Anshuman. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Emotionally reeling after the passing of his father and the marriage of his girlfriend to another, wealthy businessman (and heir to a family fortune) Aditya Kashyab meets chatterbox Geet Dhillon aboard a train onto which he has wandered. Before she can pinpoint and fix his problem, he disembarks. She follows, and the two end up working together to literally get her back on track when she misses re-boarding her train for home. Once home, Geet uses Aditya to slip out of an arranged marriage to a childhood friend, via a staged elopement, in order to reunite with her secret, distant and true love, Anshuman. With their escape a success, they amicably part company right before her reunion with Anshuman. Nine months later, Geet's family tracks down Aditya, demanding her return (mistakenly believing they've been together all this time). Promising her return, Aditya investigates her whereabouts and finds her in an unhappy circumstance. In lifting her spirits, they awaken a spark of marital interest in Anshuman that wasn't there before. The three return to her home where everyone presumes Geet and Asitya have been living together and have only now returned for an official wedding. They fairly well ignore Anshuman, whom no one even remotely suspects is the true husband-to-be, which Geet finds herself very reluctant to correct. statmanjeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Aditya Kashyap (Shahid Kapoor), the son of a recently-deceased famous industrialist, demoralized by his mother's public affair and subsequent departure, gets even more depressed after attending the marriage of the woman he loves to another man. Feeling ashamed to face the world, he walks out of the wedding, boards a train at night, and appears on the verge of committing suicide. While on board, he meets Geet Dhillon (Kareena Kapoor), a lively and talkative young woman who is leaving Mumbai to go to her hometown, Bhatinda in Punjab. Initially, Aditya finds Geet very irritating, and every meeting becomes mental torture for him. She discloses big plans of eloping with her boyfriend Anshuman (Tarun Arora), as she fears resentment from her parents. Geet irritates Aditya to the point where he leaves the train. In trying to get him back on the train, she ends up missing it and finds herself stranded on a desolate station, Badnagar, with no luggage or money. She confronts Aditya and tells him that he is now responsible for getting her safely to her house in Punjab. Both of them begin an idyllic journey through the exuberant North Indian heartland, making their way via buses, taxis and camel-carts to reach her house. Through spending so much time with Geet, Aditya begins to feel good about life again. On arrival, Geet's family (Pawan Malhotra, Dara Singh and Kiran Juneja) mistakes the two for lovers, but they quickly assure them that there is nothing of the sort. Aditya tells her family he is a musician to avoid being recognized as the famous industrialist, and her family accepts this. A few days later, Manjeet, an old childhood friend of Geet's who wants to marry her, arrives as her suitor. While he is there, Geet leads him to believe that there is something intimate going on between her and Aditya, and successfully dissuades him from following through with the match. Later that night, Geet runs away from her home, along with Aditya, to marry Anshuman in Manali. However, Geet's sister sees them running away together and informs the entire family. The two hurriedly make their escape, but this confirms the suspicion in Geet's family that they are lovers. The two escape to Manali together, and then part to continue on their separate ways. Upon returning to Mumbai with a new conviction and positive outlook on life because of Geet's influence, Aditya guides his company to extreme success. Around nine months later, he launches a new product, a calling card named "Geet", as he has now fallen in love with Geet. Geets family sees this launch on TV and runs to Mumbai to meet Aditya. Aditya is shocked to learn that Geet has not returned home. He takes it upon himself to find her and return her to her family. He returns to Manali, where he expects her to be with her new husband. Instead, he finds that Anshuman had turned her out to the streets and refused to marry her. After chastising Anshuman for what he did to her, Aditya leaves and finally tracks Geet down in Shimla, shocked to see what she has become: a quiet, reserved, and miserable schoolteacher. Convincing her to face her circumstances, he manages to bring her back to normal life, and things start to look up for her again. However, Anshuman arrives and tries to patch up their relationship, claiming he realized he was a jerk. Initially, Geet does not want to accept his apology, but Aditya pushes her to be with him, even though he loves her too. All three then travel back to Bhatinda to unite Geet with her family, and to announce that Geet and Anshuman are together. However, upon their arrival, the family again assumes that Geet and Aditya are together and in all the confusion, there is no chance to right the family's misconceptions. While trying to clear the misconception, situations make Geet realize that she is in fact in love with Aditya, not Anshuman. She then confesses her love to Aditya, and the couple get married and have two daughters. [edit]Cast 
 Omkara (2006)431) A politically-minded enforcer's misguided trust in his lieutenant leads him to suspect his wife of infidelity in this adaptation of Shakespeare's 'Othello'. Advocate Raghunath Mishra has arranged the marriage of his daughter, Dolly, with Rajan, knowing fully well that Dolly loves Omkara Shukla. Before the marriage could take place, the groom's party is attacked, they flee, and Dolly is reportedly abducted. Raghunath is able to trace Dolly to Omkara, a criminal and hit-man, a verbal confrontation ensues until Politician Bhaisaab telephonically intervenes, and a crestfallen Raghunath faces the reality that Dolly was not abducted but is here with Omkara by her own free will. He warns Omkara, and departs. Shortly thereafter, Bhaisaab is shot at and wounded, announces that Omkara should stand in the next election, and as a result, Omkara appoints one of his lieutenants', Keshav Upadhyay in his place as the 'Bahubali". Omkara realizes that he may have blundered in having Keshav succeed him, as Keshav is unable to control his temper when under the influence of alcohol, which puts him in the bad books of Omkara. Then Omkara suspects that Keshav is having an affair with Dolly, as both had been fellow-collegians. With Omkara's marriage with Dolly getting close, he asks his other lieutenant, Ishwar Tyagi, to obtain proof of Keshav's affair with Dolly or face the consequences, as Omkara remembers Raghunath's warning that when a daughter is not true to her father, she will never be true to anyone. Watch what happens when Ishwar produces proof shortly after the marriage, and the impact this has on Dolly, Omkara, Keshav, Ishwar, and Ishwar's wife, Indu. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) This tale finds Shakespeare's "Othello" transplanted to gritty modern India. Omkara strong-arms the locals into following his boss, the politician Tiwari Bhaisaab. Eventually, Omi enters politics himself and appoints one of his lieutenants, Kesu, to fill his place. This entices the jealousy of Langda, and he hatches a revenge plot. Langda plants seeds of doubt in Omi's mind, concerning the faithfulness of Omi's new bride Dolly... L. Hamre Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Omkara 'Omi' Shakula (Ajay Devgan) heads a gang of outlaws supporting the local politician Tiwar Bhaisaab (Naseerudin Shah). Omi's most trusted lieutenants are Ishwar 'Langda' Tyagi (Saif Ali Khan) and Keshwar 'Kesu Firangi' Upadhayay (Vivek Oberoi). The film opens with Langda attacking a marriage procession. He convinces the bridegroom Raju (Deepak Dobriyal) to chase after the bride, Dolly (Kareena Kapoor), who has been kidnapped by Omi. Raju, however, fails and wedding doesn't take place. Dolly's father (Kamal Tiwari), a high-profile lawyer Ragunath Mishra, angrily storms Omi's place and demands the return of his daughter. Omi, however, claims that Dolly chose to be with him rather than Raju. Bhaisaab smooths the situation over by having Dolly tell her father that she consented to elope with Omi and was not violently abducted. Mishra feels humiliated and betrayed, leaving his daughter with Omi. Omi's gang eventually organizes a MMS sex scandal, smearing Bhaisaab's political opponent's reputation and helping him secure a Parlimentary position. Showing his appreciation, Bhaisaab promotes Omi from the role of a political enforcer to a candidate for the upcoming elections. When it comes time to promote one of his lieutenants, Omi chooses Kesu over Langda. Angered, Langda decides to get revenge on both Omi and Kesu. As the gang celebrates thier victory with Kesu's dancer-girl mistress Billo (Bipasha Basu) Langda takes advantage of Kesu's low threshold for alcohol. Getting Kesu drunk, Langda instigates a drunken brawl between Kesu and Raju. Omi is enraged and admonishes Kesu, starting to regret his decision. Pretending to be a concerned friend, Langda suggets that Kesu get on Dolly's good side so she can plead his case to Omi. Kesu agrees and starts spending more time with Dolly. Langda, using petty insinuations, poisons Omi's mind against Kesu and Dolly, suggesting that they are having an affair. A piece of jewellery gifted from Omi to Dolly is stolen by Langda's wife Indu (Konkona Sen Sharma) and given to him. Langda plants this on Billo, who gives it to Kesu. This is used as more evidence for Dolly's infidelity. Jealousy clouds Omi's mind until everything is seen as more evidence against Kesu and Dolly. He gives Langda the heads up to kill Kesu. In the end, Omi confronts Dolly of her supposed unfaithfullness. In a fit of rage, he smothers her and kills her. Indu enters and weeps over Dolly's dead body. She discovers Omi's gift and admits she stole it; Indu and Omi realize that Langda's web of lies. Angered and upset, Indu slashes Langda's throat. Omi, out of depression, commits suicide. 
 3 Idiots (2009)651) Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them "idiots". Farhan Qureshi and Raju Rastogi want to re-unite with their fellow collegian, Rancho, after faking a stroke aboard an Air India plane, and excusing himself from his wife - trouser less - respectively. Enroute, they encounter another student, Chatur Ramalingam, now a successful businessman, who reminds them of a bet they had undertaken 10 years ago. The trio, while recollecting hilarious antics, including their run-ins with the Dean of Delhi's Imperial College of Engineering, Viru Sahastrabudhe, race to locate Rancho, at his last known address - little knowing the secret that was kept from them all this time. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Racho is an engineering student. His two friends. Farhan and Raju, Racho sees the world in a different way. Racho goes somewhere one day. And his friends find him. When Racho is found, it becomes a one of a great scientist in the world. Luv 3 Idiots is a Bollywood production that flashes back and forth between present day, and the characters' time in college. It starts off with old friends, Qureshi and Raju Rastogi learning that their college pal, Rancho, had finally been found. The movie follows their travels to find their long lost friend, while flashing back to the events of their school years, where they often got into amusing shenanigans involving the Dean of Delhi's Imperial College of Engineering, Viru Sahastrabudhe, and dealt with some serious events that many people encounter in every day life. adam Farhan and Raju find from their biggest college rival Chatur that their missing friend Ranchoddas (Rancho) has been traced.The trio start their journey to find him where flashback revels Rancho,Raju and Farhan were engineering students and Rancho always believed that a person should be capable rather then being a bookworm and it will be way to success.He always got in tiff with Chatur and college director Viru Sahastrabuddhe (Virus) but fell in love with his daughter Pia.Things were going fine for them as they also cleared their first year exams in present day they reach house of Rancho where they find his father has passed away and the person who claims to be Rancho is someone else. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Farhan Qureshi (R. Madhavan), Raju Rastogi (Sharman Joshi), and Rancchoddas "Rancho" Shyamaldas Chanchad (Aamir Khan) are three engineering students who share a room in a hostel at the Imperial College of Engineering, one of the best colleges in India. While Farhan and Raju are average students from modest backgrounds, Rancho is from a rich family. Farhan wants to become a wildlife photographer, but has joined engineering college to fulfil his father's wish. Raju on the other hand wants to uplift his family fortunes. Rancho is a wealthy genius who studies for the sheer joy of it. However, Rancho's passion is for knowledge and taking apart and building machines rather than the conventional obsession of the other students with exam ranks. With his different approach Rancho incurs the wrath of dean of college, Professor Viru Sahastrabudhhe (ViruS) (Boman Irani). Rancho irritates his lecturers by giving creative and unorthodox answers, and confronts ViruS after fellow student Joy Lobo hangs himself in his dormitory room. Joy had requested an extension on his major project on compassionate groundshis father had suffered a strokebut ViruS refused, saying that he himself was completely unmoved by his own son's accidental death after being hit by a train. Rancho denounces the rat race, dog-eat-dog, mindless rote learning mentality of the institution, blaming it for Lobo's death. Threatened by Rancho's talent and free spirit, ViruS labels him an "idiot" and attempts on a number of occasions to destroy his friendship with Farhan and Raju, warning them and their parents to steer clear of Rancho. In contrast, ViruS model student is Chatur Ramalingam or "Silencer", (Omi Vaidya) who sees a high rank at the prestigious college as his ticket to higher social status, corporate power, and therefore wealth. Chatur conforms to the expectations of the system. Rancho humiliates Chatur, who is awarded the honour of making a speech at an award ceremony, by substituting obscenities into the text, which has been written by the librarian. As expected, Chatur mindlessly memorises the speech, without noticing that anything is amiss, partly aided by his lack of knowledge on Hindi. His speech becomes the laughing stock of the audience, infuriating the authorities in the process. Meanwhile, Rancho also falls in love with ViruS' medical student daughter Pia (Kareena Kapoor) when he, Raju and Farhan crash her sister's wedding banquet in order to get a free meal, in the process further infuriating ViruS. Meanwhile, the three students continue to anger ViruS, although Rancho continues to come first in every exam, while Chatur is always second, and Farhan and Raju are inevitably in the last two positions. The tensions come to a head when the three friends, who are already drunk, break into ViruS's house at night to allow Rancho to propose to Pia, and then urinate on a door inside the compound before running away when ViruS senses intruders. The next day, ViruS threatens to expel Raju lest he talks on the other two. Unable to choose between betraying his friend or letting down his family, Raju jumps out of the 3rd floor window and lands on a courtyard, but after extensive care from Pia and his roommates, awakes from a coma. The experience has changed Farhan and Raju, and they adopt Rancho's outlook. Farhan decides to pursue his love of photography, while Raju takes an unexpected approach for an interview for a corporate job. He attends in plaster and a wheelchair and gives a series of non-conformal and frank answers. However, ViruS is unsympathetic and vows to make the final exam as hard as possible so that Raju is unable to graduate. Pia hears him and angrily confronts him, and when ViruS gives the same ruthless reply he gives to his students, she denounces him in the same way that Rancho did over the suicide of Lobo. Pia reveals that Viru's son and her brother was not killed in an accident but committed suicide in front of a train and left a letter because ViruS had forced him to pursue a career in engineering over his love for literature; ViruS always mentioned that he unsympathetically failed his son on the ICE entrance exams over and over to every new intake of ICE students. After this, Pia walks out on the family home, and takes ViruS's spare keys with her. She tells Rancho of the exam, and he and Farhan break into ViruS's office and steals the exam and give it to Raju, who with his new-found attitude, is unconcerned with the prospect of failing, and refuses to cheat and throws the paper away. However, ViruS catches the trio and expels them on the spot. However, they earn a reprieve when Viru's pregnant elder daughter Mona (Mona Singh) goes into labour at the same time. A heavy storm cuts all power and traffic, and Pia is still in self-imposed exile, so she instructs Rancho to deliver the baby in the college common room via VOIP, after Rancho restores power using car batteries and a power inverter that Rancho had dreamed up and ViruS had mocked. Rancho then delivers the baby with the help of a cobbled-together Vacuum extractor. After the baby is apparently stillborn, Rancho resuscitates it. ViruS reconciles with Rancho and his friends and allows them to take their final exams and they graduate. Rancho comes first and is awarded ViruS's pen, which the professor had been keeping for decades before finding a brilliant enough student to gift it to. Their story is framed as intermittent flashbacks from the present day, ten years after Chatur vowed revenge on Rancho for embarrassing him at the speech night and promised to become more successful than Rancho a decade later. Having lost contact with Rancho, who disappeared during the graduation party and went into seclusion, Raju and Farhan begin a journey to find him. They are joined by Chatur, now a wealthy and successful businessman, who joins them, brazenly confident that he has surpassed Rancho. Chatur is also looking to seal a deal with a famous scientist and prospective business associate named Phunsukh Wangdu. Chatur sees Wangdu, who has hundreds of patents, as his ticket to further social prestige. When they find Rancho's house, they walk into his father's funeral, and find a completely different Rancho Jaaved Jaffrey. After accusing the new man of stealing their friend's identity and profiting from his intellect, the host pulls a gun on them, but Farhan and Raju turn the tables by seizing the father's ashes and threatening to flush them down the toilet. The householder capitulates and says that their friend was a destitute servant boy who loved learning, while he, the real Rancho, was a lazy wealthy child who disliked study, so the family agreed to let the servant boy study in Rancho's place instead of labouring. In return, the real Rancho would pocket the qualifications and the benefits thereof, while the impersonator would sever all contact with the world and start a new life. The real Rancho reveals that his impersonator is now a schoolteacher in Ladakh. Raju and Farhan then find Pia, and take her from her wedding day to Suhas by performing the same tricks with his material possessions, and having Raju turn up to the ceremony disguised as the groom and eloping with Pia in public. When they arrive in Ladakh, they see a group of enthusiastic Ladakhi children who are motivated by love of knowledge. Pia and the fake Rancho rekindle their love, while Chatur mocks and abuses Rancho the schoolteacher before walking away. When his friends ask what his real name is, he reveals that it Phunsukh Wangdu and phones Chatur, who has turned his back, to turn around and meet his prospective business partner. Chatur is horrified and falls to his knees, accepts his defeat and continues to plead his case with Phunsukh to establish the business relationship he was after. 
 Ra.One (2011)321) When the titular antagonist of an action game takes on physical form, it's only the game's less powerful protagonist who can save his creator's family. Following his son's suggestion, Shekhar designs an action game where the antagonist is more powerful than the protagonist. The player has to fight in the first two levels to reach the third one where whoever fires the bullet first wins. The game is well-received on its opening night, but things go wrong when Prateek stops playing and quits the game in between, only to invite the wrath of Ra.One, the game's villain who uses an advanced technology to take on physical form. He wants to destroy Prateek, something only the game's protagonist, G.One, can prevent from happening. Prashast Singh Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A father is his child's best superhero. Shekhar, after facing criticism from his son, tries to make him feel happy by creating a game in which the villain is comparatively more powerful than the hero. This is what his son exactly wants. Shekhar even gives his face to the game's hero, G.One. He however keeps on ignoring the issues in the game, but knows little that the game would turn out to be deadly. Ra.One, the villain, using a device invented by Shekhar's friend and colleague, Jenny, comes out of the game and starts to search for Lucifer, who is none other than Prateek. The lives of everyone turn upside down, when one small imagination turns out to be something that can't be imagined. As of now, it's the responsibility of the game's hero, G.One, to protect the family, not only from the torment of Ra.One, but also from the very danger of being captured by him. 