nm0005158:

 Numb3rs (20052010)Summaries Working for the F.B.I., a mathematician uses equations to help solve various crimes. In the Los Angeles office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Special Agent Don Eppes and his team investigate critical and baffling crimes with a special edge. That advantage is Don's brother, Charles Eppes, a brilliant universalist mathematician who uses the science of mathematics with its complex equations to ferret out the most tricky criminals. With this team, the forces of evil learn their number is up. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hello Lonesome (2010)Summaries Lonely since his wife left him and alienated from his daughter, a cantankerous voice-over artist strikes up an unlikely friendship with his regular deliveryman. Many suburbs away, an elderly widow loses her license to drive and turns to her wry younger neighbor for nostalgic cuddles and comfort. Meanwhile, a young urban sports fanatic meets a girl online and unexpectedly falls in love, though the trials the couple endure prove even more unexpected. Adam Reid's enchanting, compassionate debut weaves together the worlds of six lonely individuals as they negotiate the age-old process of giving and receiving love. It isn't easy, and it never happens the way they expect it, but for these isolated souls, there's an oddball magic in the way they make connections they never imagined. Jonathan Wysocki / LAFF Three separate stories of coping with loneliness are presented. In the first, Bill, a voice-over artist, rarely needs to leave his home as he does almost all his work in the recording studio in his home. His wife recently left him, and he is trying to reach out to his estranged daughter who hasn't been returning his telephone calls. One of the other people he tries to reach out to if only because he's there is Omar, the regular delivery man for the courier company from who he gets his scripts. In the second, elderly Eleanor, a widow, not only mourns the death of her husband two years ago, but also her new lack of independence as her driver's license has not been renewed due to her macular degeneration. The symbol of that independence is her beloved and immaculately maintained 1966 Thunderbird. She turns to her divorced next door neighbor Gary to help her run errands. As they spend more time together, they find that they need the other to deal with the lack of intimacy in their respective lives. They have to figure out what that intimacy will look like as he is almost young enough to be her grandson. In the third, sports fanatic Gordon has just discovered the many facets and thus joys of the Internet. He meets Debbie on an online dating site. As their relationship progresses quickly, he has to decide what their immediate future will look like with unexpected news from her. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sports Night (19982000)Summaries Casey McCall and Dan Rydell are sports anchors and best friends. On "Sports Night," their nightly cable program. Casey McCall and Dan Rydell are sports anchors and best friends. On "Sports Night," their nightly cable program, the two display their unique talent and skills in reporting up-to-the-minute sports news. When they step off-camera, office romances and sports-related hijinks ensue. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sliders (19952000)Summaries A boy genius and his comrades travel to different parallel universes, trying to find their way back home. Quinn Mallory, while working on an anti-gravity machine, accidentally creates a portal to a parallel universe. Eventually, his friends and an unwilling participant accidentally get stuck traveling among parallel worlds, trying to survive, and learning that sliding can lead to fatal results. Meanwhile, among many changes in their group, they try to rescue the multiverse from the Kromagg Dynasty. Lee Jamilkowski While trying to develop an anti-gravity device, physics genius Quinn Mallory instead creates a device that opens portals to alternative realities. After an accident leaves them lost, Mallory and his companions: his physics professor, Professor Maximillian Arturo, his work colleague and potential love, Wade Wells, and a washed-up soul singer, Rembrandt Brown, "slide" from reality to reality in search of home. Stewart M. Clamen <clamen@cs.cmu.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 