nm0005253:

 The One I Love (2014)211) A troubled couple vacate to a beautiful getaway, but bizarre circumstances further complicate their situation. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene shows Ethan (Mark Duplass) and Sophie (Elisabeth Moss) telling their marriage therapist (Ted Danson) the story of how they met. "We met at a party and it was magic." says Ethan. One thing led to another and the next thing they knew, they were jumping into the neighbors pool. Turns out, the neighbor was home, came out screaming and it was the greatest night of their life. They tell the Therapist that they tried to recreate that moment on their anniversary, but this time, no one came out. Sophie says she felt sad. "Happiness used to be so easy, but no longer" says Sophie. She wants to trust and forgive him, but can't agree on how to get there. The Therapist sends them to a retreat, to "reset the reset button". Everyone he sends there comes back renewed. The couple arrives at the retreat and it's beautiful. There's still a lot of awkward silence between them, however. Ethan explores and can't find anyone home. At "The Coop" house, he sees a computer and recording system. He finds a "Guest House" where inside there is a book with a lot of comments from past guests on how wonderful the place was. At the main house, Ethan prepares a nice dinner; they drink some wine, smoke some pot and relax. He tells her about the guest house he found. While Ethan cleans up after dinner, Sophie goes exploring and finds the guest house. To her surprise, she finds Ethan there, waiting for her. They have a playful evening and even have sex. They say they love each other. Things between them are great. They decide to sleep there at the guest house, but first, Sophie goes back to the main house to change clothes. When she gets to the main house, she finds Ethan asleep on the couch. She questions how he got there so fast. He asks why she's so sweaty. She laughs, because it's obvious since they just had sex. "What?!" Ethan's confused. Sophie doesn't understand why he's trying to ruin the night, and goes to bed, alone. Ethan goes back to the guest house and sees the evidence of the romantic evening. He smokes some pot, and falls asleep on the couch. Sophie lies down and snuggles with him. He apologizes and says he loves her. When he wakes up in the morning, she's making breakfast. Strangely, she's making bacon, even though she hates it when he has bacon. He questions why they had such a weird argument last night. "Was it the wine, the pot?" She doesn't seem a bit fazed, saying it was a lovely night. Ethan heads back to the main house and a still pissed-off Sophie comes out of the bathroom. He grabs her and takes her to the main house, but it's empty again, with no sign of breakfast. The go outside and he explains all of the craziness that's going on. He decides, as a test, to go back in the guest house alone and finds Sophie coming out of the shower. He runs back outside and tells Sophie that he just handed her a towel, inside. She says she's not mad anymore, just scared, and goes into the guest house by herself. Inside, she sees a happy Ethan doing morning exercises. She eventually comes out and tells Ethan that he's inside exercising. They pack their bags and get the hell out of there. They stop at a local diner for coffee to discuss it. They want to just forget it happened, but can't. They begin to wonder if they should actually go back and explore it. Sophie says that it was magical, it wasn't just the weed. It wasn't dangerous and she felt safe. She thinks that if they go back, it will help their relationship. He says it's a little weird that she slept with the other him. They make it back to the guest house and decide that they can go in one at a time, since it only works that way. Ethan enters and his breakfast and a happy Sophie are waiting for him. She missed him. He quizzes her and she seems to be perfectly normal. Ethan goes back outside and tells Sophie what happened. They decide to make some ground rules. Have fun, but if they become uncomfortable, they'll just pack up and go. No intimacy, no spying, be honest with each other about what happens. Make it 15 minute sessions inside. Sophie goes next. Ethan sets a timer on his phone. Inside, Sophie finds Ethan painting a portrait of her. They share some drinks and have a nice conversation. Back at the main house, Ethan sees that it's been over 15 minutes and heads over to the guest house and tries to get in. He peeks through the window and sees the other Ethan giving Sophie a back massage. Sophie sees him and leaves. At dinner in the main house, she says that the other Ethan is what, in her mind, what Ethan used to be. They go to bed but he wakes up in the middle of the night and says that he wants to have his 15 minute session at the guesthouse now. He actually just goes over and hides his phone with an audio recording app, then goes back to bed at the main house. The next morning we see Sophie at the guest house having a fun conversation with the other Ethan. She leaves and Ethan sneaks back in to retrieve the recorder, but it's not there. The other Sophie appears and gives him the phone (recorder). Outside, he takes it out to listen, but it's all garbled/static. It's Sophie's turn. The other Ethan is up in a loft and wants to have a playful game of tic tac toe. As they play, he asks why she doesn't kiss him anymore. He misses it. It looks like they will kiss and the scene ends. Cut to that evening at the main house. While in bed, Sophie gets a text from the other Ethan and laughs. The real Ethan finds it strange that the other Ethan has a phone. In the morning at the guest house, Sophie questions the other Ethan about why he cheated on her. He just said they were falling apart and he made a horrible decision. He's so happy that she stuck with him and thanks her for making all the effort to make their marriage work. They kiss. The next morning, Ethan asks Sophie if she wants to talk. He says this weekend is very confusing. He's not the sit-up guy and can't be interested in another version of her. He wants to be sure that she agrees, which she says she does. That afternoon, Ethan checks his phone and has a lot of strange messages. One of them came from a guy complaining about Ethan calling him at 2:00 am, and that the next time he can't remember where he lived, to ask Sophie. One came from his mother, worried that he just didn't sound like himself when he called yesterday. Finally, one told him where he (Ethan) lives. Ethan goes back inside the main house and tells her about the calls. He thinks the other Ethan called them. She says he wouldn't do that. Ethan says that he's leaving for the store, but actually, just parks outside and spies on the guest house. He waits, and just as the real Sophie is about to enter through the front door, he comes in the side door, pretending to be the other Ethan. She talks about how great he is at talking about her feelings, it's everything that she wanted to hear, but doesn't know what to do. She can't get it out of her head. They have sex, with Sophie still thinking it's the other Ethan. Later, back at the main house, a depressed Ethan returns. Sophie asks where the groceries are, but he tells her that the shop was closed. Later, he goes back to the guest house to see the other Sophie. He tells her she's not real and asks who she is, what she is. He's having a hard time enjoying the weekend because it appears that this is the weekend he loses his wife. She says it wasn't just this weekend, as his wife, she knows these things. Later, back at the main house, Ethan watches Sophie leave the guest house, pause, and then go back inside. Cut to the other Ethan and the real Sophie having fun inside, making out. The real Ethan shows up and the real Sophie sees him and meets him outside. He wants to know whats going on. The two argue and leave, back to the main house. Inside the main house, they find the other Sophie and Ethan, waiting for them. They have decided that it's time the four of them sit down to talk and get to know each other. They have a nice dinner party but the real Ethan is still very uncomfortable. Everyone else seems happy, including the real Sophie. The two Sophies talk and the other Sophie questions if the real Sophie is more concerned about what she and the real Ethan did, or what the other Ethan told her (the other Sophie) about what he and the real Sophie did. For the sake of the super-fun evening they're about to have, the other Sophie says they need to quit pretending how much they like each other, and try to have fun anyway. Outside, the two Ethans talk. The real Ethan thinks the other one is trying to sabotage his relationship. The other one replies that he's doing that to himself. Back inside the main house, the two couples play cards. The other Ethan is the life of the party. The real Sophie is having fun, which pisses off the real Ethan. The other Ethan tells the real Sophie about Ethan tricking her earlier. Sophie wants the real Ethan to leave. The real Ethan leaves. He heads to "The Coop" house, finds a computer with all the files of past guests, and finds a file on him and Sophie. He finds an audio of a couple practicing to sound like them. Back at the guest house, the real Ethan tries to leave but is trapped inside. He can hear the other three having fun outside in the pool. In the morning, the other Sophie enters the guest house. She explains that the other Ethan fell in love with the real Sophie. That wasn't supposed to happen. The real Sophies supposed to fall out of love with the real Ethan. That's how the others get out, becoming them. Once that happens, it's the real ones turn to stay. That's why he couldn't get out of the house, the change is slowly happening. Only two people can leave today, she says. She still loves the other Ethan. She would rather be trapped there at the guest house than see the other Ethan with the real Sophie. Ethan asks if she has real feelings, like a real person. "I am real", she says. Back at the main house, the real Sophie and the other Ethan are getting ready for a hike. The other Sophie joins them at the house and tricks the real Sophie into a meeting with the real Ethan, while the other Sophie wears one of the real Sophies shirts and heads down to the other Ethan who thinks she's the real Sophie. The real couple discuss the weekend, with Ethan explaining that it was all a trap The other couple have a talk (with the other Ethan mistakenly thinking he's talking to the real Sophie). The other Sophie, pretending to be the real Sophie, tells him that she doesn't want to leave with the real Ethan, she wants to leave with him. He agrees, telling her that he loves her, obviously breaking her heart. The other Ethan senses what just happened and asks where the real Sophie is. He goes running around the house, looking for her. The real couple lock themselves in a room while the real Ethan tells the real Sophie that he loves her, and even though he's not as cool as the other Ethan, he's her husband and he's not letting her go. Give him a chance. The other Ethan breaks down the door and they have a confrontation. Finally, the other Ethan asks the real Sophie to come with him, and she wont. He runs out of the house, attempting to free himself of the house for good. Just as he's about to break free, he's stopped by a force field of some kind and falls to the ground, unconscious. The real Ethan looks at the two Sophies (one of whom is distraught and the other is impassive) and says "we have to go". He grabs the impassive Sophie and they escape. Ethan and Sophie travel to their marriage therapist's office only to find it cleaned out and the therapist gone with no trace. Both of them ponder their strange encounter and just how much their therapist knew or how much he was involved in this whole supernatural event with setting them up with their doubles at the retreat. Baffled and bewildered, Ethan and Sophie head for home. The next morning they are OK back at their house. They they feel much better with their marriage. Sophie goes down to make breakfast. Ethan asks what's for breakfast and she says bacon. He then realizes that he grabbed the wrong Sophie. He thinks about it for several seconds, and says, "I'll be right there". 
 Us (II) (2019)431) A family's serene beach vacation turns to chaos when their doppelgngers appear and begin to terrorize them. In order to get away from their busy lives, the Wilson family takes a vacation to Santa Cruz, California with the plan of spending time with their friends, the Tyler family. On a day at the beach, their young son Jason almost wanders off, causing his mother Adelaide to become protective of her family. That night, four mysterious people break into Adelaide's childhood home where they're staying. The family is shocked to find out that the intruders look like them, only with grotesque appearances. jesusblack-30225 Not far from the sun-kissed Santa Cruz beach where she had a traumatic childhood experience, the now-mother-of-two, Adelaide, reluctantly returns to their serene lake house with her husband, Gabe, to spend the summer vacation. However, after all this time, Adelaide still can't shake off the ominous feeling that the terrifying encounter with her bizarre doppelgnger will, somehow, come back to haunt not only her but also her unsuspecting family. Indeed, before the end of the day, the happy holidaymakers will see their worst fear come true, as an evil quartet who bears an uncanny resemblance to them stands in their driveway. Then, they pull out their sharp scissors. What do "they" want from them? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Santa Cruz, California. 1986 A young Adelaide (Madison Curry) goes to the beach on a trip with her parents Rayne and Russell (Anna Diop and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II). After Russell wins Adelaide a Michael Jackson 'Thriller' T-shirt at a carnival game and plays Whac-a-Mole, Adelaide wanders off and encounters a homeless man with a Jeremiah 11:11 placard and then walks into a nearby fun-house. Inside, she's terrified by the mirrors and vibe of the place and eventually comes face to face with an exact doppelganger. The incident scares her. Some time later, Adelaide is refusing to talk as her parents worry about her. The therapist tells them to make Adelaide tell her story through the form of anything - reading, writing, or dance. In the present day, an adult Adelaide Wilson (Lupita Nyong'o) goes on a beach trip with her husband Gabe (Winston Duke) and their two children 12-year-old Zora (Shahidi Wright Joseph) and 10-year-old Jason (Evan Alex). While the family has lunch at their beach house, we find out several things - one is that the beach trip was to help the children cope with the death of their grandmother and the other is that Adelaide appears to still be terrified of the idea of going to the beach because of what happened before and refuses to go. After some persuasion, however, she reluctantly agrees to join her family to go to the beach. On the way, the family sees a man being brought into an ambulance - it is the same homeless man that Adelaide encountered many years ago with the Jeremiah 11:11 placard. At the beach, the Wilson family meets their friend the Tylers, comprising of Kitty (Elizabeth Moss), Josh (Tim Heidecker), and their twin teenage daughters Gwen and Maggie (Cali and Noelle Sheldon). While the kids are all at the beach, Kitty and Adelaide talk about Adelaide's soft-spoken nature and her past as a young ballet dancer. Jason soon wanders off on his own and finds a man with his arms stretched out dripping with blood. Adelaide notices her son missing and panicking, eventually finds Jason and decides that it's time for the family to go back to the house. Later that night, after the family settles down, Adelaide tells Gabe all about her childhood trauma and worries that recent events mean that her doppelganger is coming to get her. Gabe tells her not to worry... and almost instantly, the power goes off. As Gabe is about to run the backup generator, Jason alerts the family that there's a family in their driveway. Adelaide quickly calls 9-1-1 while Gabe attempts to scare the family off. Eventually, the family begins entering the Wilson's house, and one of the figures hits Gabe with a baseball bat while everyone else corners them in the living room. Inside the living room, the Wilsons get a better look at the family... and it is all doppelgangers of themselves... all of them wearing red jumpsuits and wielding a pair of scissors. Adelaide's doppelganger tells them of a story of a princess and her shadow and their relationship, before forcing Adelaide to handcuff herself to the table. She then makes Zora run away from the house with her doppelganger in hot pursuit, makes Jason join his to play, and has Gabe's drag him off to a boat. (Note: for posterity's sake, although their names are never explicitly used, the doppelgangers are referred to by their names in the closing credits - Adelaide's is Red, Gabe's is Abraham, Jason's is Pluto, and Zora's is Umbrae.) From this point on, we encounter the family dealing with their doubles in several ways. After running far away, Zora thinks she's outrun her doppelganger Umbrae... only for her to appear on the top of a car. A neighbor spots the commotion and confronts them... but Umbrae murders him with her scissors while Zora escapes. Abraham drags an unconscious Gabe all the way to the family's boat and then places him inside a bag. Gabe eventually awakens and successfully throws Abraham overboard. Later on, however, the boat engine fails, and Gabe falls in the water. He ultimately makes his way back to the boat... only for Abraham to emerge and grab him. After a fight, Gabe manages to turn on the boat's engine in time, completely eviscerating Abraham. Back at the house, Jason leads Pluto inside a closet and notices that he mirrors his actions almost simultaneously. He takes off his mask and finds that the lower half of Pluto's face is burned off. Jason impresses him with a magic trick, but when Pluto demands that he do the trick again, he successfully traps him in the closet and escapes. Meanwhile, Red holds Adelaide hostage in the living room and begins trying to slam her face against the glass table, but the commotion caused by Jason's escape leads her away. In a panic, Adelaide manages to get the fireplace poker, destroys the leg of the table, and get Jason. They are both reunited with Zora and Gabe, and the Wilsons manage to escape on the boat with Red and Pluto watching them. At the Tylers, Kitty thinks she sees something outside. Josh pretends that he does see it, only to reveal that he's just messing with her. The twins then come out of their rooms and talk, and the second they think that everything is alright...a set of doppelgangers wearing red jumpsuits, similar to the Wilsons, all emerge and kill the whole family. When the Wilsons arrive looking for help, Kitty's double drags Adelaide into the house while Gabe attempts to distract Josh's double. After a fight, the Wilsons manage to kill all of the Tylers' doppelgangers and reunite inside the house. The Wilsons turn on the TV and find out from frantic news reports that the red-clad doubles have been inexplicably appearing and killing people all over the world, and have joined together to hold hands (similar to Hands Across America). Gabe wants to take refuge in the house, but Adelaide says they have to keep moving and escape. The family decides to take the Tylers' car, but when Adelaide looks for the key, a still-living Kitty's doppelganger attacks her. She manages to kill her, but when the family gets to the car, Umbrae appears. After a chase sequence, they manage to kill Umbrae when they speed up and abruptly stop the vehicle, causing her to fly into a tree. It is now morning, and the Wilsons get to the boardwalk. At the boardwalk, they see their original car burning with Pluto standing in front. Adelaide decides to get out and walk to him... and soon realizes that it's a trap. Jason acts fast and makes Pluto walk backwards into the burning car, and just as the family thinks it's over, Red grabs Jason. Adelaide runs after them, while Zora and Gabe see that the beach is now full of red-clad doppelgangers joining hands. Adelaide makes her way back to the fun-house and goes all the way down into an underground tunnel with rabbits roaming free. She finds Red inside one of the many rooms, and Red explains her plan. Red says that all this time, the underground facility (presumably a part of the dimension of Hell) has been filled with everyone's doppelgangers, and now it is their time to be on the surface. She says that she has always been a part of Adelaide, and when she was a ballet dancer as a kid, it led her out of the tunnels and into the fun-house where they met. It took her a long time, but a plan was made with everyone in the tunnel which was now being executed. After a fight, Adelaide manages to overpower Red and kills her by impaling her to the fireplace poker and gets Jason back. The family reunites and drives away. All is good, and everyone looks relieved until a quick flashback shows that when "Red" met Adelaide in the fun-house all those years ago, she knocked her out, took her Thriller T-Shirt, and went off into the real world. The "Adelaide" we've been watching for the whole movie is actually the doppelganger, and "Red" was simply the real Adelaide getting her revenge (this also explains why "Red" is the only one of the doubles to have concrete speech while all the other doppelgangers in the film have guttural, animalistic sounds). Jason appears to realize the truth, and puts his mask on uneasily. The film ends with a zoom out showing all the red doppelgangers around the United States joined together, holding hands (similar to Hands Across America), with news and police helicopters surveying them from above. 
 The Invisible Man (I) (2020)541) When Cecilia's abusive ex takes his own life and leaves her his fortune, she suspects his death was a hoax. As a series of coincidences turn lethal, Cecilia works to prove that she is being hunted by someone nobody can see. The film follows Cecilia, who receives the news of her abusive ex-boyfriend's suicide. She begins to re-build her life for the better. However, her sense of reality is put into question when she begins to suspect her deceased lover is not actually dead. Max Summoning up every last ounce of courage, the deeply traumatised architect, Cecilia Kass, sneaks away from the lavish seaside mansion of her brilliant but harmfully controlling optics engineer boyfriend, Adrian Griffin, in the dead of night. However, no place, no matter how far away, is safe from manipulative Adrian--and even though Cecilia has found refuge in the house of a dear friend--she knows that, sooner or later, she will have to confront him once again. Then, suddenly, perversely joyous news reaches Kass, and for the first time in a long while, she feels free; nevertheless, eerie instances of an unseen presence haunting and watching her every step suggest otherwise. But, fear is the worst enemy. Is Cecilia starting to lose her grip on reality, or has the invisible man found a way to pick up where he left off? Nick Riganas A woman escapes an abusive relationship with a wealthy young tech entrepreneur. A short while later he commits suicide. She should now feel free to live her life but she keeps feeling that he is still there, invisibly watching her. Then things start happening which make her think that this is more than just a feeling. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Trapped in an abusive relationship with her fiendish and violent husband, an optics scientist named Adrian Griffin, Cecilia Kass escapes from him in the dead of night with the help of her sister Emily. Cecilia has drugged Adrian with Diazepam but as she escapes, Cecilia frees their dog which sets off the car's alarm and wakes up a furious Adrian who pursues her. As she escapes with Emily, Cecilia leaves the drug bottle behind which Adrian finds lying in the road. Two weeks later, Cecilia lives in hiding at the household of her best friend James Lanier and his teenage daughter Sydney. Remaining a recluse who is afraid of leaving the house, Cecilia freaks out when Emily comes to visit, believing Adrian will try to harm her. However Emily shares the news that Adrian committed suicide. His brother Tom bequeaths to Cecilia his late brother's fortune and estate which Cecilia only accepts to fund Sydney's college tuition and James' household. However, Cecilia is filled with an uneasy feeling that she is being watched and, in the night, is stalked by an unseen force which only she recognizes. In the middle of the night, while asleep next to Sydney, the comforter is slowly pulled off and several flashes of light are seen. Cecilia wakes up and is suspicious about the blankets at the foot of the bed. When she tries to take them back, they won't move. Her reaction wakes up both Sydney and James but she's unable to explain what she thinks she'd seen. Cecilia goes to a job interview for an architect's position. When she opens her portfolio to show her work, Cecilia finds it gone and faints. After going to the hospital, Cecilia discovers that she was drugged. Upon returning home she receives a call from the doctor telling her she had enough Diazepam in her system to constitute a mild overdose that caused her fainting spell. She suddenly finds the bottle of Diazepam Adrian had uncovered. Feeling unsafe, Cecilia visits Emily who is angry and despondent to her, having received a hateful email from Cecilia's account. Cecilia looks on her email, discovers the sent message and has an emotional breakdown. Sydney tries to cheer her up but is assaulted by an unseen force, causing Sydney to freak out and believe Cecilia did it. James then decides to take Sydney out of the house to a safer place. Meanwhile, Cecilia investigates the house and finds her work in the attic crawl space as well as a large kitchen knife of James' and several photos of her asleep which have been taken by an unseen stalker. Realizing she is not alone, Cecilia dumps a bucket of paint on the ladder when she senses movement and uncovers a man's shape wearing some kind of suit. The man flees and washes off the paint before Cecilia exits the attic. The two fight until Cecilia breaks free from his grasp and escapes the house, getting into a Lyft car she has called. Cecilia has the driver bring her to Adrian's. Upon entering her husband's house and sneaking into his laboratory, Cecilia discovers a high-tech suit he was working on that could make him invisible. Cecilia takes this suit and hides it but is attacked by the Invisible Man until her dog returns and intervenes, buying her time to escape. Cecilia sets up a meeting with Emily at a restaurant and apologizes while also explaining that she loves her. Emily's skepticism starts to melt as they begin to bond and Cecilia explains that she found an invisible suit at Adrian's lab. Suddenly, a large knife is dragged across Emily's throat killing her. The knife is placed in Cecilia's hand, who is then arrested and moved to a sanitarium. Now doubting her own sanity and finding out she is pregnant with Adrian's child, Cecilia gives in but is then confronted by Tom who explains he was working with his brother the whole time. Tom says that she will lose the fortune and be admitted permanently to this institution unless she returns to Adrian with his child. Cecilia refuses, still enraged that he killed her sister. Tom leaves but not before Cecilia steals one of his pens. In her room, Cecilia prepares to kill herself by slashing her wrist with the pen but the invisible man stops her. Having pulled him out of hiding by using herself as bait, Cecilia stabs him with the pen twice, causing his suit to glitch and for him to appear and disappear at random. A security guard enters to stop her but is stunned by the glitching figure who beats him down. Cecilia rushes out into the hall and is stopped by several security guards who also see the glitching figure. The Invisible Man easily overpowers them before escaping into the stormy night. Cecilia tracks him down but he overpowers her and tells her that he will now set his sights on Sydney. Cecilia warns James of the danger and he rushes home to see an unseen figure attacking his daughter. James tries to intervene but is beaten horribly in front of a terrified Sydney. Cecilia breaks in and sprays the figure with a fire extinguisher, revealing his shape before unloading on him with a fallen officer's pistol. The Invisible Man falls to the floor and dies of his wounds. Cecilia unmasks The Invisible Man, revealing him to be Tom. Adrian is found tied and walled up in his house when a SWAT team storms his place. James explains that the evidence suggests that Tom used his brother to get at Cecilia but she is still convinced that Adrian and Tom were working together and that in case the worst happened, Adrian set it up that Tom would take the fall. Still stressed from the series of events, Cecilia calls Adrian and agrees to meet him for dinner. Cecilia is wearing a listening device hoping to find a way to get a confession out of him with the help of James, who is positioned outside the property. Cecilia asks him if he was stalking her but Adrian denies it at first but later implies that he was indeed preying upon her. As Cecilia excuses herself to the bathroom, Adrian begins to realize something else is up when suddenly his head is jerked back and his throat is slashed. Adrian collapses to the ground, bleeding to death. Cecilia enters the room and appears shocked before calling the police, reporting an apparent suicide in a panicky tone. Cecilia then gloats over Adrian's dying body and implies that she did this using his invisible suit. James rushes in and finds Cecilia escaping with Adrian's suit and dog. Upon discovering that she set this up with the plan of murdering him, James lets her go nonetheless. Cecilia leaves into the night, perhaps with the plan of stealing her husband's work for her own future benefit. 
 The Handmaid's Tale (2017 )44) Set in a dystopian future, a woman is forced to live as a concubine under a fundamentalist theocratic dictatorship. A religion-based autocracy has taken over most of the United States, renaming the country Gilead. In this country women are second-class citizens. Anyone trying to escape is punished. One such person is June, who is captured while trying to escape with her husband and child and is sentenced to be a handmaid, bearing children for childless government officials. As a handmaid, June is renamed Offred. This is her story. grantss The Handmaid's Tale is the story of life in the dystopia of Gilead, a totalitarian society in what was the United States. Gilead is ruled by a fundamentalist regime that treats women as property of the state, and is faced with environmental disasters and a plummeting birth rate. In a desperate attempt to repopulate a devastated world, the few remaining fertile women are forced into sexual servitude. One of these women, Offred, is determined to survive the terrifying world she lives in, and find the daughter that was taken from her. Jwelch5742 Posterior to a worldwide fertility crisis, an extremist theocratic religious organization takes control of the United States government, suspending the constitution and forcing women into state sanctioned rape. Separated from her daughter and her husband, Protagonist June Osborne must learn to survive in this oppressive regime. sleemoly It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 