nm0005141:

 Going the Distance (2010)Summaries A romantic comedy centered on a guy and a gal who try to keep their love alive as they shuttle back and forth between New York and San Francisco to see one another. Erin has just six more weeks as an intern at the New York Sentinel before she returns to San Francisco. That's fine with Garrett since he just got out of a relationship. But their relationship blossoms and it quickly becomes something that they can't just drop in six weeks. They admit to wanting to be boyfriend/girlfriend just on opposite coasts. The distance wears on them, as with their nay-saying friends and sister, and soon they are forced to either break up or come up with a solution that has them living in the same city. napierslogs Erin's 31, a journalism grad student at Stanford and, for the summer, an intern at a New York daily. She meets Garrett at a bar, they hit it off, and, for the rest of the summer, are inseparable. But, can the relationship grow - or even survive - at a distance? Erin, who put her professional life on hold once before for a man, gets advice from her married sister, Corinne, and he gets running commentary from his best friend Box and his roommate Dan - both clueless about women. Garrett, who doesn't much like his job at a record company, looks for work in the Bay Area, Erin tries to find a reporting job in New York, but as these efforts fail, is there any hope for them as a couple? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ava's Possessions (2015)Summaries A young woman recovers from a demonic possession. Ava Dobkins is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she is forced to attend a Spirit Possession Anonymous support group. As Ava struggles to reconnect with her friends, get her job back, and figure out where the huge bloodstain in her apartment came from, she's plagued by nightmarish visions - the demon is trying to come back. Momentum Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Monster-in-Law (2005)44) The love life of Charlotte is reduced to an endless string of disastrous blind dates, until she meets the perfect man, Kevin. Unfortunately, his merciless mother will do anything to destroy their relationship. After years of looking for Mr. Right, Charlotte 'Charlie' Cantilini finally finds the man of her dreams, Kevin Fields, only to discover that his mother, Viola, is the woman of her nightmares. A recently fired news anchor who is afraid she will lose her son the way she has just lost her career, Viola determines to scare off her son's new fianc by becoming the world's worst mother-in-law. While Viola's long-time assistant Ruby does her best to help Viola execute her crazy schemes, Charlie decides to fight back and the gloves come off as the two women battle it out to see just who is the alpha-female. Sujit R. Varma When the versatile and simple Charlotte meets the surgeon Kevin, she finds her Prince Charming. Meanwhile, his obsessive mother and famous anchor Viola is replaced on her TV talk show and has a nervous breakdown. When she leaves the clinic, Kevin schedules a visit with Charlie to her mansion and unexpectedly proposes to Charlie. Viola decides to plot a despicable plan to make Charlie crazy and call off their wedding. When Charlie discloses the scheme of her future mother-in-law, she pays her back for her malice. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A doting, overly-possessive mother fresh from a mental breakdown after she was replaced on her TV talk show re-enters her son's life just as he decides to get engaged to a free spirited, multi-talented woman who works as a dog-walker and temp at a doctor's office. Immediately seeing the woman as a threat, she puts on a good face in front of her son but immediately starts plotting against her. However, two can play that game and the war is on. In the middle of the mess is the mother's assistant, who is loyal to her boss but has been with her long enough to not take any of her guff. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ghost in the Shell Arise: Border 3 - Ghost Tears (2014)Summaries Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scylla. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation. The anime's story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down. During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents. Jiilo_Kim It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 