nm0010278:

 Analyze This (1999)541) A comedy about a psychiatrist whose number one patient is an insecure mob boss. Living in the shadow of his famous psychiatrist father, with multiple issues to deal with while getting ready to remarry, the New York City psychologist, Dr Ben Sobel, has one more problem to take care of, after a fender bender with the powerful mob boss, Paul Vitti. Secretly suffering from intense anxiety attacks that render him incapable of doing what he is best at, the notorious gangster decides to pay the good doctor a visit, hell-bent on resolving his deep-seated issues before the annual meeting of Big Apple's Mafia Dons. Now, Ben has a pressing two-week deadline to come up with an effective solution, as his conflicted but dangerous patient takes no for an answer. Can Ben analyse this? Nick Riganas The basic premise of this film is what if one of gangland's Dons suddenly started having anxiety attacks because of past problems. When he decides to see a shrink, what can he tell him without giving away the gang's secrets and reveal too much about his own situations? Add to the fact that this type of individual is used to everyone catering to his whims and he expects the psychiatrist to do the same, neglecting his regular practice and his attempts to get married. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Who ever heard of a tough Mafia boss having an emotional breakdown... and crying, to boot! Well, that's the premise of this zany comedy about just such a happening, and the consequences for the poor analyst who is picked to work with him are devastating. Especially since this psychiatrist is about to be married... a fact that doesn't seem to enter into the Mafia guy's consideration, for whenever he feels a need to talk, that's when the analyst must be yanked away... one time right from the altar, literally. But there's more, for during this time the Mafia is doing a lot of jockeying to come up with a new Don and this makes the need to 'cure' the emotionally distressed boss all the more urgent and definitely secretive. BOB STEBBINS <stebinsbob@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When mobster Paul Vitti (Robert De Niro) suffers a crisis of confidence, threatening his ability to lead his criminal empire, he turns to professional help in the way of Dr. Ben Sobel (Billy Crystal) a psychiatrist who accidentally became acquainted with two of Vitti's henchmen. Dr. Sobel and his finance, (Lisa Kudrow) soon have their world turned upside down by Vitti's increasing demands for Sobels services which displace any semblance of order for the good doctor's heretofore mundane existence. Meanwhile, the growing importance of "the shrink" to the operation of the Vitti organization has not gone unnoticed in the law enforcement community, and the FBI approaches Sobel with an offer he cant refuse: betray Vitti by wearing a wire or spend a long time in a federal prison. Complications escalate, and Ben finds himself dodging bullets, federal agents and rival gang members, but still wanting to fulfill his professional obligation to help the conflicted mob boss. It all comes to a climax when Sobel must act as Vitti's consigliore at a sit-down of the major crime syndicates to represent the famiglia and confront rival gang chieftain, Primo Sidone (Chazz Palminteri). 
 Analyze That (2002)Summaries Mobster Paul Vitti is released into Dr. Ben Sobol's care, where only more chaos ensues. The mafia's Paul Vitti is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out. Naturally, he returns to his analyst Dr. Ben Sobel for help and finds that Sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice, as well as an excess stock of stress. Tim Salazar Feigning mental deficiency to get out of the impenetrable Sing Sing prison, the unrepentant mob boss, Paul Vitti, is now released into the custody of his favourite psychiatrist, Dr Ben Sobel. Still having unresolved issues to deal with, the good doctor reluctantly accepts to pick up where they left off after his idiosyncratic relationship with Paul in Analyze This (1999) , forced to make his conflicted patient a proper model citizen. Once more, there is yet another pressing deadline, so that the dangerous don is ready before his parole hearing. Indeed, this is one of the most difficult cases in Dr Sobel's entire career. Can he analyse that? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 After Hours (I) (1985)761) An ordinary word processor has the worst night of his life after he agrees to visit a girl in Soho who he met that evening at a coffee shop. A meek word processor in New York impulsively travels downtown to Soho for date with an attractive, but apparently disturbed young woman, and finds himself trapped in a nightmarishly surreal vortex of improbable coincidences and farcical circumstances. duke1029 Paul meets Marcy at a coffee shop after work, and gets her phone number. He calls her, she asks him to come over, and things take a turn for the bizarre. Paul spends the rest of the night trying to get home, dealing with angry cabbies, dead women (and their bartender husbands), clumsy catburglars, quirky sculptresses, unstable waitresses, condescending bouncers, and irate mobs led by ice cream truck drivers along the way. Andy Peters <adpeters@indiana.edu> A New York office worker has "a very strange night" when he ventures for a late night date with a woman he just meets, which turns into waking nightmare when one mishap after another strands him in a hostile neighborhood in his quest to return home before morning. Anonymous Paul Hacketts embarks on a trip to SoHo in hopes of scoring with a pretty woman he just met, but when his money flies out the window he is stuck in SoHo. The movie details his experiences that night with a wide array of criminals, kooks, psychotics, sadomasochists, punks, and an angry mob trying to kill him. Strangely, the seemingly disconnected events are interwoven in unusual and unexpected ways. Andrew Hyatt <dres@uiuc.edu> Conjure up an urban world where apparently friendly young ladies all turn out to be somewhere between odd and crazy. Then imagine you're up here to see one such girl and your last bill has flown out of the cab window on the way. Then pretend your date has committed suicide, you've somehow got branded as a serial robber, and another girl is after you with her ice cream van. You could well be Paul Hackett stranded in New York's SoHo in the early hours miles away from your uptown word processing job. You've got some change but since the subway fares went up at midnight, not enough to get back. Who do you call? Definitely not the police. J-26 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City. Paul Hackett (Griffin Dunn) is a lonely and bored computer word-processing consultant who wants more in his life than just going to work and going home every boring day of his life. One day involves teaching a new trainee, named Lloyd (Bronson Pinchot), the works of the computer. Paul leaves the office building when it closes at the end of the day and goes to his Upper East Side apartment on East 91st Street where he wastes the evening away watching TV and reading Arthur Miller books. Venturing out in search of carnal pleasures, Paul meets the sexy-but-quirky Marcy (Rosanna Arquette) in a coffee shop near his apartment building and begins chatting up a conversation with her. Paul asks for Marcy's phone number before she leaves and she tells him that he can call her anytime. Back at his apartment, Paul works up enough nerve to phone Marcy. She invites him to come down to SoHo where she is staying with Kiki, and artist friend of hers. The time is 11:32 p.m. Paul jumps into a taxi cab outside his apartment... and then the weirdness begins. The burly cab driver whisks Paul through the streets of New York at 80 mph as if being chased by the hounds of hell. During the wild ride, Paul loses a $20 bill, the only money he has on him when its whisked out the car window, and he is forced to stiff the driver. Paul finds the loft and meets Kiki (Linda Fiorentino) for the first time, who's wearing nothing but a black bra and leather miniskirt, working on a paper-mach sculpture that resembles painter Edvard Munch's 'The Scream'. Kiki forces Paul to help her work on the sculpture in which he stains his suit jacket and Kiki gives him another one to wear. Eventually, Marcy shows up and they go out to a nearby diner where they talk about their favorite movie which is The Wizard of Oz, among other things. When offered to pay the bill, the strange diner waiter (Dick Miller) tells Paul that it's on the house. ("Different rules apply when it gets this late, you know what I mean? It's like... after hours.") At 1:40 a.m., Marcy and Paul return to the loft, where she ushers Paul to her bedroom. Marcy prattles on about events in her tragic life, delivering her lines with a staccato rhythm punctuated by a nervous laugh. Marcy turns out to be a hyperactive mass of contradictions, and Paul decides that swaying her emotions are a bit too weird to handle. After smoking a joint of Marcy's which she claims it's from Columbia, Paul, for some reason, begins begins acting like a jerk and leaves. When he on the street, it begins raining, and he gets soaked walking a block to the nearest subway station. He picks out about 97 cents in change, all the money he has on him. But the attendant tells Paul that the subway fare for a token has just gone up to $1.50 that very midnight, and the time is now 2:15 am. Paul begs the attendant to give him a single token, but the attendant refuses saying, "I can't do that. Id loose my job." Paul looks around the station, sees no one and sarcastically states, "Well, who would know... exactly?" The attendant responds, "I could go to a party, get drunk, talk to someone... who knows?" When Paul threatens the attendant, a burly transit cop appears and scares Paul away. Paul runs through the rain and into a nearby bar, which is nearly empty, save for a bartender, a middle-aged waitress, and a teenage dancing couple. Paul sits at a table and asks the waitress Julie (Terri Garr) if he could just sit there for a while without buying anything. She agrees. After Paul uses the men's room, he returns to his table and finds a note sliped by the waitress which reads: "Help me! I hate this job!" Sensing that the weirdness is starting again, Paul asks the friendly bartender Tom (John Heard) if he can borrow money for a subway fare to get home. Tom is glad to help. But Tom cannot open the cash register. Tom asks Paul to go to his apartment a few blocks away to get the cash register keys as well as to check if the alarm is turned on because there have been a rash of burglaries in the neighborhood over the past several days. As a sign of trust, Paul leaves his apartment keys with Tom and rushes off with Tom's apartment keys to earn his $1.50. Paul lets himself into Tom's apartment, checks the alarm which is on. After using the toilet, it overflows, and Paul leaves. But on his way out, Paul gets hassled by two neighbors, a gay couple, who suspect that Paul is a burglar. Paul manages to get away from them. On the street, Paul spots two Hispanic men (Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong) trying to stuff Kiki's paper-mach sculpture into a van. Paul gives them chase, forcing them to drop the statue and drive off. Paul brings the statue back to Kiki's loft nearby and finds her gagged and tied to a pillar. He unties Kiki thinking that they robbed her, but she tells them that the men are Pepe and Neil, friends of hers who just bought the stature and that she's tied up because she and her boyfriend Horst (Will Patton) are playing a sex game. Kiki and Horst tell Paul that he should apologize to Marcy who has been in her bedroom crying since Paul left. Paul goes to Marcy's bedroom to apologize only to discover that Marcy has committed suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. He runs to tell Kiki, but she and Horst have gone, leaving a note saying that they have gone to a nightclub. Paul sees a $20 bill left behind by them and instinctively takes it. Paul calls the police to report the body, and then dashes back to the bar so he can get his apartment keys back from Tom, but finds the place closed. Julie the waitress approaches him and invites him to her apartment just across the street to wait for Tom to show up. Julies apartment looks like a shrine to the mid-1960s replete with the music of the Monkees playing in the background. Paul soon discovers Julie to be even stranger than Marcy, for Julie has a shelf full with cans of Final Net hair spray and a dozen or more mousetraps around her bed. Julie asks Paul to let her draw a picture of him which he agrees. When Paul sees Tom coming back to reopen the bar, he makes a mad dash out of Julie's apartment and back to the bar. Tom tells Paul that he just left to check his apartment because it took so long for Paul to come back. Paul apologizes and gives Tom back his apartment keys. Just as Tom is about to hand over the $1.50, the phone rings and someone on the other line informs Tom that his girlfriend has just committed suicide. To his horror, Paul immediately learns that Marcy was Tom's girlfriend. Suddenly seized with the notion that Julie may follow in Marcy's suicidal footsteps, Paul leaves the bar and races back to Julie's apartment. She is fine, of course, and Paul, who desperately wants to get out of SoHo, makes a feeble excuse and leaves again. But when Paul retuns to the bar to get his apartment keys back from Tom, he finds the place closed again. Paul goes over to Tom's apartment, but he is not there either. Then the gay couple and another of Tom's neighbors see him and chase him away again. By this time, however, Tom's neighbors have become convinced that Paul is responsible for the rash of burglaries in SoHo and form together a vigilante group to hunt him down. But the real robbers are naturally Pepe and Neil, who are busy just blocks away ripping off another apartment right under everyone's nose. After going back to Kiki and Marcy's loft, Paul finds Marcy's dead body gone and yellow crime-scene tape over the entrance to the front door as the police apparently came and left with Marcy's body. Paul sees the small vigilante mob on the street armed with flashlights, baseball bats, and crowbars, and he knows they are looking for him. Paul waits until they pass by and leaves. Paul runs to Club Berlin, the nightclub where Kiki and Horst have gone, to inform them about Marcy's death. But after having trouble getting past the burly bouncer outside the club, Paul discovers that the place is a gathering of Mohawk-type punks who grab him and proceed to shave his head. Paul sees Kiki and Horst at a table and calls out to them, but they don't see or hear him through the loud music and crowd. Paul runs out of the club barely able to compose himself with only a line or two of his hair shaved off. Back on the street, Paul suddenly meets the same cab driver whom he was forced to stiff earlier for the ride. Paul gives the driver the $20 bill he took from Kiki's loft, but the driver just grabs the bill and drives off as payback for stiffing him. Paul by then has just run into another strange woman, coming out of the cab, named Gail (Catherine O'Hara) whom she feels sorry for and takes him back to her apartment. At Gail's apartment, Paul asks if he could use her phone so he can call a friend from his neighborhood for a ride. When Paul gets the number from information, Gail gleefully starts spouting out random numbers and Paul gets confused and forgets the number information has just given him. When Gail begins treating Paul's superficial wounds, she reads a newspaper article about a derelect found "beaten to death" the night before by an unknown mob as if she's facinated with the news. With mounting anger and frustration, Paul demands to the strange and hysterical Gail to leave him alone. Gail then blurts out that she drives a Mister Softee ice-cream truck nearby and will be glad to give him a ride home. But when they arrive at the truck parked in an alley, Gail spots a wanted poster of Paul (the same picture drawn by Julie) on a wall and uses a whistle to alert the vigilante mob which is numbering in the dozens. Paul is forced to run for his life. He gets away from the mob by running into an alley and hides atop a fire escape ladder. Then Paul witnesses a murder in the apartment just across from him where a woman shoots her abusive husband to death. "I'll probably get blamed for that too," says Paul mumbling to himself. Back on the street, Paul runs into a shy homosexual man, named Alex, (Robert Plunket) and allows himself to be "picked-up" to let himself into the man's apartment. Paul asks to use Alex's phone to call the police and then tries to tell the desk sergeant about wanting to report the vigilante mob that's been endangering his life. Unbelievably, the police officer on the other end of the line thinks that it's a prank call and hangs up on him. Frazzled, exhausted, and running on adrenaline, Paul launches into a frenzied monologe about the events of the night to Alex. Dissolve to 30 or more minutes later, Paul ends his story with the line: "I just wanted to leave my apartment, maybe meet a nice girl, and now I gotta die for it?!" Then Paul sees Julie on the street putting up wanted posters of him on a lamp post. Paul runs back out onto the street and calls out to her, but she just scornfully glances at him and rides off on a bicycle. Paul sees dozens of wanted posters of him on every street corner and begins tearing them off realizing that the insane Julie has set him up to get back at him for walking out on her. At 4:10 a.m., Paul goes back to the diner where he sees Tom sitting at a table. Tom tells Paul that he just got back from the local morgue where he was forced to identify Marcy's body. Paul demands that Tom give him back his apartment keys, but Tom says that he left them back at the bar. Frantic, Paul asks Tom to hide him for there is a vigilante mob looking for him. Tom goes outside to check if the coast is clear, but Paul sees Tom running right to up Gail and the vigilante mob passing by and he tells them where Paul is. Angered at Tom's betrayal, Paul runs out of the diner just in time. As a last resort, Paul dashes back to Club Berlin hoping to find Kiki and Horst there to ask them for help, but now finds the place deserted for it is closing since the time now is almost 5 a.m. The only patron there is a middle-aged woman, named June (Verna Bloom). Paul takes the quiet time to smoke a cigarette and use the last quarter he has on him to play a song on the nightclub's jukebox. June is very sympathetic to Paul and she senses right away that he's in trouble. Paul ask June if he's like to dance with her and have a casual slow dance. When Paul hears the sounds of Gail's ice-cream truck outside and the voices of the vigilante mob (now numbering in the hundreds) Paul asks June to hide him. June lives in a basement apartment below the club and she takes Paul to her home. When Gail and the vigilante mob break into Club Berlin looking for Paul, June, who also happens to be a paper-mach sculptress, hides Paul by dumping plaster all over him and making him a living sculpture just as the mob breaks into her apartment to look for their intended victim. Unable to find Paul, Gail and her group departs. Paul then begs June to stop encasing him in paper-mach, but she continues until he is covered from head-to-toe. When June leaves to see if the coast is all clear, the two robbers, Pepe and Neil, break into June's place from a sealed manhole to rob it. When they see the sculpture with Paul encased in it, they think he is the paper-mache sculpture they lost earlier that night and steal him. They load Paul in the back of their van now spilling over with dozens of stolen appliances from the SoHo apartments including Junes (Paul realizes that under these circumstances, he will probably get blamed for robbing June's place too). As dawn breaks, Paul sits helplessly in the back of the thieves van as it rides through Manhattan on its way uptown. At a street corner, the van hits a rather large pothole, the back doors fling open, Paul comes tumbling out into the street, and the hardened paper-mach casing breaks, freeing him. Paul then looks around and sees that he's standing..... right in front of his office building! A dazed Paul dusts himself off the best he can, and enters the building just as it's opening for business. In the final shot, Paul goes to the floor where he works, sits at his desk, and goes to work at his computer while the rest of the office workers arrive as the closing credits role. It's the beginning of just another boring weekday for him. 
 Goodfellas (1990)651) The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate. Henry Hill might be a small time gangster, who may have taken part in a robbery with Jimmy Conway and Tommy De Vito, two other gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher. His two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery, and slowly start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the Mob. Henry, however, might be badly affected by his partners' success, but will he consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of Jimmy and Tommy? Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> This film views the mob lives of three pivotal figures in the 1960's and 70's New York. Henry Hill is a local boy turned gangster in a neighborhood full of the roughest and toughest. Tommy DeVito is a purebred gangster, who turns out to be Henry's best friend. Jimmy Conway puts the two of them together, and runs some of the biggest hijacks and burglaries the town has ever seen. After an extended jail sentence, Henry must sneak around the back of the local mob boss, Paulie Cicero, to live the life of luxury he has always dreamed of. In the end, the friends end up in a hell of a jam, and must do anything they can to save each other, and stay alive. <formica97@aol.com> The story of Irish-Italian American, Henry Hill, and how he lives day-to-day life as a member of the Mafia. Based on a true story, the plot revolves around Henry and his two unstable friends Jimmy and Tommy as they gradually climb the ladder from petty crime to violent murders. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> The lowly, blue-collar side of New York's Italian mafia is explored in this crime biopic of wiseguy Henry Hill. As he makes his way from strapping young petty criminal, to big-time thief, to middle-aged cocaine addict and dealer, the film explores in detail the rules and traditions of organized crime. Watching the rise and fall of Hill and his two counterparts, the slick jack-of-all-trades criminal Jimmy Conway and the brutish, intimidating Tommy DeVito, this true story realistically explores the core, blue-collar part of the mob. Dustin B. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with three men driving in their car late at night on a highway. In the car are Henry Hill (Ray Liotta), Jimmy Conway (Robert DeNiro) and Tommy DeVito (Joe Pesci). Jimmy and Tommy are asleep when Henry hears a loud thumping noise. Trying to figure out the source of the sound, Henry suddenly realizes they need to stop and check the trunk. When they open it, we see a beaten man wrapped in several bloody tablecloths. An enraged Tommy stabs the man several times with a kitchen knife and Jimmy shoots him four times with a revolver. Henry slams the trunk lid shut and we hear a voiceover (Henry) say "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster." We now go back several decades, to see the events that will lead up to this scene. In the 1950s, young Henry Hill idolizes the Lucchese crime family gangsters in his blue-collar, predominantly Italian neighborhood in East New York, Brooklyn, and in 1955 quits school and goes to work for them. The local mob capo, Paulie Cicero (Paul Sorvino) (based on the actual Lucchese mobster Paul Vario) and Paulie's close associate Jimmy Conway (De Niro) (based on Jimmy Burke) help cultivate Henry's criminal career. Henry is teamed up with the young Tommy and the two sell cartons of cigarettes, given to them by Jimmy, to employees of a local factory, a crossing guard and some cops. While selling them, two detectives show up and confiscate the money and the load, arresting Henry. Tommy slinks away to tell Tuddy, Paulie's brother. Henry goes to court and is given a slap on the wrist. Jimmy gives him a substantial reward for his silence (Jimmy calls it a "graduation gift") and tells him he did well despite "getting pinched": Henry revealed no names to the police and learned the two most important things in their line of work: "Never rat on your friends and always keep your mouth shut." The rest of the gang greets Henry with joyful acceptance. As adults, Henry and Tommy (Joe Pesci) conspire with Conway to steal much of the billions of dollars of cargo passing through John F. Kennedy International Airport. They help out in a key heist, stealing over half a million dollars from the Air France cargo terminal. The robbery helps Henry gain more of Paulie's trust, to whom Henry gives a sizable cut of the haul. However, because Henry is half-Irish, he knows he can never become a "made man", a full-fledged member of the crime family. Nor can Jimmy Conway, who is also Irish. Over the years, Henry's friends become increasingly daring and dangerous. Conway loves hijacking trucks, and Tommy has an explosive temper and a psychotic need to prove himself through violence. At one point, he humiliates an innocent and unarmed young waiter "Spider" (Michael Imperioli), asking Spider to dance la The Oklahoma Kid, then shooting him in the foot. A few nights later, when Spider stands up to an extremely intoxicated Tommy, Tommy (egged on by Jimmy) suddenly draws his gun and shoots Spider in the chest, killing him instantly. Jimmy is angry with Tommy for shooting Spider but Tommy is completely indifferent, callously asking where he can find a shovel to bury the dead man. Henry also meets and falls in love with Karen (Lorraine Bracco), a no-nonsense young Jewish woman; they go to the Copacabana club two to three times a week (and the site of a famous continuous Steadicam shot). Karen feels uneasy with her boyfriend's career, but is also "turned on" by it, especially when Henry viciously pistol whips her neighbor for trying to force himself on her and Henry gives her the bloody pistol to hide. Henry and Karen eventually marry (which involves convincing Karen's parents that Henry is half-Jewish). In June 1970, Tommy (aided by Jimmy Conway) brutally murders Billy Batts (Frank Vincent), a made man in the competing Gambino crime family, over a simple insult Batts throws at Tommy. The murder is a major offense that could get them all killed by the Gambinos if discovered. After stopping at Tommy's mother's place for a late-night meal (and also to pick up a shovel), Henry, Conway and DeVito bury Batts' corpse in an abandoned field, bringing us back to the car trunk scene from the start of the movie. When they discover six months later that the land has been sold, they are forced to exhume, move, and rebury the badly decomposed body, a task that makes Henry physically sick and that Tommy and Jimmy consider another simple chore. Henry's marriage deteriorates when Karen finds he has a mistress, Janice Rossi (Gina Mastrogiacomo). Karen confronts a sleeping Henry with a gun as he wakes up. As soon as she lowers the gun, Henry subdues her and screams that he has enough on his mind having to worry about being "whacked on the street" without waking up with a gun in the face. Henry is visited at Janice's apartment by Jimmy and Paulie, who tell him that his philandering is bad for business. Paulie promises that he'll convince Karen that Henry is worth taking back and that Henry will return to his home in a few days. In the meantime, Henry will go with Jimmy to Florida to find a deadbeat who owes Paulie money. After beating and dangling the debt-ridden Florida gambler over a lion cage at the Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa, Henry and Jimmy are caught and sent to prison for four years because the guy's sister was a typist for the FBI. There, Henry deals drugs to the other prisoners to keep afloat and to support his family, and, when he returns to them, he has a lucrative drug connection in Pittsburgh. Paulie warns Henry against dealing drugs, since mob bosses can get hefty prison sentences if their men are running drugs behind their back. Henry ignores Paulie's order and involves Tommy and Jimmy (as well as Karen and his new mistress, Sandy (Debi Mazar) in an elaborate cocaine smuggling operation. About the same time, December 1978, Jimmy Conway and friends plan and successfully carry out a record $6,000,000 offscreen heist from the Lufthansa cargo terminal at JFK Airport. Soon after the heist, Jimmy grows increasingly paranoid when some of his associates foolishly flaunt their gains in plain sight, possibly drawing police attention, and begins having them murdered. Worse, after promising to welcome Tommy into the Lucchese family as a "made man," the elder members of the family coldly shoot him in the head in retaliation for Billy Batts' death and his reckless behavior. The murder upsets Henry and especially Jimmy, who are both expected to simply accept it and move on. In an extended, virtuoso sequence titled "Sunday, May 11th, 1980," all of the different paths of Henry's complicated Mafia career collide: he must coordinate a major cocaine shipment; bring a small cache of pistols to Jimmy (he refuses to take them off Henry's hands); cook a large meal for his family; placate his mistress Sandy, who processes the cocaine he sells; cope with his clueless babysitter/drug courier, Lois; avoid federal authorities who, unknown to him, have had him under surveillance for several months; and satisfy his sleazy drug connection customers, all the while a nervous wreck from lack of sleep and snorting too much of his own product. Lois demands that Henry take her home so she can get her lucky hat, which she won't fly without. Henry and Lois are arrested by the police as he backs out of his driveway. When Henry and Lois are booked, along with Sandy, the police bring in loads of coke-encrusted equipment from Sandy's apartment. Karen bails her husband out of jail, after destroying all of the cocaine that was hidden in the house and getting her mother to put their house up as collateral for bail money. Henry and his family are left penniless and the couple break down together when Karen admits she destroyed the $60,000 in coke Henry had been planning to ship when he was busted. After Henry's arrest, Paulie and the rest of the mob abandon him. Henry meets a final time with Paulie who chastises him for lying about his drug dealing. Paulie gives him a few thousand dollars and turns his back on him. Karen meets with Jimmy to tell him that Henry has sobered up and also that Henry hasn't been revealing any vital information about Jimmy or his other mob compatriots. Before Karen leaves, Jimmy tells her to take a look at some stolen dresses in one of his shopfronts. Karen becomes scared when she sees two shady-looking workers. Jimmy's message to Karen and Henry is clear: they can be ignominiously eliminated if they talk about their connections. Convinced that he and his family are marked for death, Henry decides to become an informant for the FBI. He and his family enter the federal Witness Protection Program, disappearing into anonymity to save their lives, but not before he testifies against Paulie and Jimmy in court. He is now an "average nobody" and tells us "I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook." The movie's quick final shot is of Tommy firing a pistol directly into the camera, a tribute to the final shot of The Great Train Robbery, hinting that Henry will never fully leave a life of crime. The film closes with a few title cards (over Sid Vicious's version of "My Way") showing what became of Hill, Paulie Cicero (Vario) and Jimmy Conway (Burke). Henry's marriage to Karen ended in separation with her getting custody of their children, and Paulie and Conway will spend practically the rest of their lives in prison. Paulie died in in prison in 1988. Conway's title card explains that he was eligible for parole in 2004, though he died of lung cancer in 1996 while still incarcerated. 