nm0005224:

 Everybody Loves Raymond (19962005)44) The comical everyday life of sports columnist Ray Barone and his dysfunctional family. Ray Barone seemingly has it all. A wonderful wife, a beautiful family, a great job, a nice house on Long Island. There's only one problem. His obnoxious parents (who live across the street) and his jealous brother are always getting in the way. <jgp3553@excite.com> Ray Barone is a successful sports writer and family man who deals with a brother and parents -- who happen to live across the street. Mom Marie loves to meddle in his life, while older brother Robert sometimes resents his success, and Dad Frank just makes comments and raids the fridge. Nevertheless, Ray manages to keep a bright outlook and a sense of humor, leaving the hard issues to his more-practical wife, Debra. Jwelch5742 Raymond "Ray" Barone (Ray Romano) is a sportswriter who loves his family, even though they make him crazy - when he was a child, he "prayed for normal". His wife, Debra (Patricia Heaton) is a good housewife and mother, but not a very good cook (although there are a few exceptions) and she often butts heads with her meddling mother-in-law, Marie (Doris Roberts). Marie often interferes in Ray's life and criticizes Debra for usually cooking pre-made food, her housewife and parenting methods, et cetera, and the reason Marie criticizes Debra's mediocre cooking skills or cooking "the easy way" is because Marie herself is a virtuoso at cooking. Ray's dad, Frank (Peter Boyle) is extremely sardonic and although rarely thanks Marie for cooking his meals, he always raids their refrigerator or Ray's, depending on whose house he's at. Ray's older brother, Robert (Brad Garrett) is jealous of him as Ray is "the favorite child" and because Ray has a wife who loves him and children of his own, while Robert's first wife, Joanna left him. However, Robert later gets a girlfriend, Amy MacDougall (Monica Horan). Ray and Debra have a daughter, Ally (Madylin Sweetin) who has inherited a little bit of Frank's sass, but has a good heart and they also have two twin boys, Geoffrey and Michael (Sawyer Sweetin, Sullivan Sweetin). The show isn't really about the kids, but it is later shown that Geoffrey is more skilled at things (such as making his bed) than Michael. Even though his family makes him nuts sometimes, Raymond would still do anything for them and loves them all - even Robert. Seneca Laurn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Wall of Mexico (2019)Summaries A wealthy Mexican-American family decides to build a wall around their ranch to stop townspeople from stealing their well water, which is rumored to have unusual properties. The wealthy Mexican-American Arista family hires a new white handyman, Don. Don, mentored by veteran groundskeeper Mike, labors at the ranch for months and comes to learn that something unusual is going on there, something having to do with the patriarch Henry's well; the water level keeps going down even when it rains. Meanwhile, Don has become enamored with the daughters of the family, Ximena and Tania, especially Tania. One night, Don and Henry chase a group of thieves away from the well. Don becomes aware there may be something unusual about the water itself. Henry orders Mike and Don to hire a crew and build a giant wall around the ranch to thwart future thieves. This action leads to an altercation between the nearby mostly white town and the Mexican-American family. It also leads Don to insatiable curiosity about the well and to actions with major consequences. Wiki It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jane the Virgin (20142019)Summaries A young, devout Catholic woman discovers that she was accidentally artificially inseminated. Jane is a religious young Latina who is a waitress in a hotel in Miami. Her life takes a big turn for the unexpected when her doctor (Dr. Luisa Alver) mistakenly artificially inseminates her during her checkup. Jane's mother Xiomara, who became pregnant with Jane at a very young age, and is scared that Jane will be destroying her life by deciding to bring the baby to full term, while Jane's traditional religious Latina grandmother, Alba, encourages Jane to do what she chooses. The biological father is a married man named Rafael Solano, who is a cancer survivor and a former playboy. He is the new owner of the hotel where Jane works, and was her former teenage crush. Petra, Rafael's amoral and scheming wife, learns of the mistake and plots her own agenda. Petra is also involved in an affair with Roman Zazo, Rafael's best friend, who is under investigation by Jane's police detective boyfriend, Michael Cordero, and who also deals with Jane's unexpected condition in his own way. Meanwhile, the doctor who inseminated Jane, Dr. Luisa Alver, who is Rafael's younger sister, is distraught over learning that her wife cheated on her and left her. Elsewhere, Rogelio de la Vega, a famous TV star and, unbeknownst to her, Jane's biological father, shows up to wanting to make contact with Xiomara, unaware of Jane's existence. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Selena (1997)651) The true story of Selena , a Texas-born Tejano singer who rose from cult status to performing at the Astrodome, as well as having chart topping albums on the Latin music charts. The film tells the story of the life of Mexican "Tejano" style singer Selena Quintanilla-Perez and the progress of her career resulting in her No. 1 US album. Anonymous Written and directed by Gregory Nava, this biopic concentrates on Selena's relationship with her family and her rise to fame, dealing only briefly with her tragic death. Abraham Quintanilla (Edward James Olmos) is a veteran musician who leads a family-based singing group, The Dinos. At a young age, he notices that his daughter Selena (played as a child by Becky Lee Meza) has a strong singing voice, and he works her into the act (her big number is a version of Over the Rainbow). However, as she grows older, Selena (played as an adult by Jennifer Lopez) wants to establish her own musical identity; while her heritage is Mexican-American, her primary language is English, and her favorite artists are American pop acts like Donna Summer. While Selena and Abraham sometimes argue about the musical direction of the group, he always respects and supports her talent, and her blend of Tejano roots music and dance-able pop rhythms soon sparks a revolution in Latin music. Selena later earns the wrath of her father when she becomes romantically involved with Chris Perez (Jon Seda), a rebellious and long-haired guitarist hired to play with the group, but when they elope and Selena convinces Abraham that their love is sincere, Chris is welcomed into the family. After a long string of successes on the Latin charts and playing to a sellout crowd at the Houston Astrodome and a crowd of 100,000 at a stadium in Monterey, Mexico, Selena begins recording her first album in English, which is expected to make her a mainstream star on the level of Whitney Houston or Gloria Estefan. However, the fates decreed it was an album she would never complete. Mexican-American and veteran recording artist Abraham Quintanilla (Edward James Olmos) attempts to sustain his family playing low-paying gigs with his band Los Dinos across South Texas. After years of struggling to expand beyond their regional fan base and failing to please racially divided white and brown audiences, Abraham refocuses his energy on his growing family. When his charismatic, pre-teen daughter Selena catches him off-guard with her natural vocal skills, Abraham begins grooming his kids to pick up and succeed where he left off. Director Gregory Nava's (EL NORTE) beloved biopic SELENA stars Jennifer Lopez in her breakout role - delivering a respected portrayal of the Grammy Award winning, multi-platinum Tejano music legend Selena Quintanilla-Prez. Mae Moreno The film tells the story of Latin Queen Selena Quintanilla-Perez, who was the most popular Latin singer at the time of her tragic death at the age of only 23 years in 1995. The film tells the story of the Tejano singer as she is accidentally discovered by her own father at the age of 10. Her life story takes off when Jennifer Lopez accurately portrays Selena through her unforgettable concerts, her family struggles, and her secret marriage to her guitarist Chris Perez. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1961, a young Abraham Quintanilla and his band "The Dinos" are rejected by a white restaurant owner for an audition due to their "Whites Only" policy. They then perform to a Mexican audience at a nightclub called "Lerma's", but a riot ensues when they sing "We Belong Together", rather than music associated with the Spanish culture, and the band is forced to flee. In 1981, Abraham is married to Marcela Samora and has three children: Abraham III (nicknamed A.B.), Suzette, and Selena (Rebecca Lee Meza). Abraham discovers Selena's singing talent and decides to create a band called Selena y Los Dinos, with Selena as the lead singer, A.B. on bass, and Suzette on drums, despite their reluctance. Abraham opens a restaurant called "Papa Gayo's" and tells Selena to learn Spanish so she does not have trouble singing in front of Mexicans like he did. Unfortunately, due to a turn in the economy and oil bust, the Quintanilla family goes bankrupt and loses the restaurant. They move to Corpus Christi, Texas to live with Abraham's brother. There, Selena performs at a carnival and is poorly received, but one day, while the family is on the beach Marcela hears a song on the radio and teaches Selena a dance called "The Washing Machine", which helps her and her band become more popular. In 1990, Selena meets a guitarist named Chris Perez, who after joining the band, develops a friendship with Selena. Abraham disapproves of Chris after his former rock band members trash a hotel suite even though he greatly helped in making music for the band. Chris and Selena's friendships grows into love and when Abraham catches them hugging before a concert, he fires Chris and threatens a heartbroken Selena that if she follows him, he will disband the Dinos. Selena and Chris continue seeing each other behind Abraham's back, but soon Selena becomes tired and tells Chris that she wants to marry him right away. In 1992, Selena and Chris elope secretly, but their marriage soon makes headlines on the radio. Selena goes to see Abraham, who tells her he is glad she did what she did, only wanting what was best for her. Chris is accepted into the Quintanilla family and returns to being the guitarist for Los Dinos. During one of Selena's live performances, Jose Behar (the head of EMI Latin) and his music associates tell Abraham that they want to make an English language album for Selena. By 1994, Selena opens her first boutique called: Selena Etc., which her fan-club president Yolanda Saldivar manages, and her album Selena Live! wins a Grammy Award for Best Mexican-American album. As 1995 begins, she starts recording her Crossover Album and Yolanda gives her a friendship ring, lying that it was only from her. Later, Selena finds out from Abraham that Yolanda has been stealing money from the fan club and a lot of business records have gone missing. At Q-Productions, Abraham, Selena, and Suzette confront Yolanda, but she denies the claim. Selena continues to achieve fame and her concert at the Houston Astrodome on February 26 attracts a record breaking crowd. However, just one month later, on March 31, after an argument over the missing financial documents, Selena is shot to death by Yolanda at a Corpus Christi motel. Yolanda is arrested after a standoff with the police. As Selena's family, friends, and fans mourn her death, a montage of the real Selena plays during a candlelight vigil. 