nm0001400:

 Waxwork (1988)541) A wax museum owner uses his horror exhibits to unleash evil on the world. A waxwork museum comes to town, and a mysterious man invites some teens to come to a special showing at midnight. Once inside, while viewing different exhibits, the scenes come alive and the viewer is sucked into the story being portrayed. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> While walking to the high-school, the teenagers Sarah and China are invited by the owner of a wax museum, David Lincoln, to a private exhibition at midnight and he tells that they may invite four other friends to come with them. China invites her former boyfriend, the wealth Mark, their friend Tony and two other schoolmates to come to the museum, but the two last ones give-up. Mark, China, Sarah and Tony are welcome by a dwarf and they separate in the room during the tour. Soon Tony crosses the security rope of the display and he finds in a cabin trapped with a werewolf. China also crosses the security rope of another display and she finds in a castle with several vampires. Tony and China are killed and become part of the exhibition. Mark and Sarah leave the museum and soon they find that their friends are going missing. Mark goes to the police but Inspector Roberts does not believe in his words. Mark and Sarah find in the attic of his mansion an old newspaper and they learn a dark secret about David Lincoln. They visit Sir Wilfred, who is a friend of Mark's family, and they learn that David is near to unleash evil on Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Wealthy slacker college student Mark, his new girlfriend Sarah, and their friends are invited to a special showing at a mysterious wax museum which displays 18 of the most evil men of all time. After his ex-girlfriend and another friend disapear, Mark becomes suspicous. What he doesn't know is that they have been made a part of the exhibit, by first living out the scene and then being murdered in it. Max Vaughn Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a small suburban town, a group of college students "Mark, China, Gemma, James, Tony, and Sarah" visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is at a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots the werewolf, and Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, later Johnathan "a college jock" comes in to the Wax Museum looking for China, but the Phamton of The Opera display got his attention as David Lincoln walked him into the display, Mark goes to a pair of investigating police detectives, Inspecter Roberts meets Lincoln as he lets Roberts investigate the Waxworks, as Mark and Roberts leave the Museum, Mark reconized Lincoln. later, Roberts realized some of the displays looked like some of the other missing people, and then comes back to the Wax Museum, as he cuts off a piece of China's face and puts it in a bag, then he walks into the mummy display as the mummy throws him in the tomb to be killed by a snake, later, Roberts' partner sneaks in and gets his neck broken by Junior "a tall butler" Lincoln scolds him for killing the partner. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather (which was seen in the prologue); the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark's grandfather, who explains how he and Mark's grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork's two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah's attempts to escape, Junior and Lincoln grab Mark and Sarah pull them out of sight as Gemma and James returned, Gemma gets lured into the Marquis de Sade display and James attempts to steal something from the Zombie display, as the bodies of James and Gemma reappear as wax figures, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men "along with Mark's butler Jenkins" arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln's butlers and Mark and Sarah's former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies getting shot by Sir Wilfred and falls in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble. 
 Death Becomes Her (1992)761) When a woman learns of an immortality treatment, she sees it as a way to outdo her long-time rival. In 1978, on Broadway, the decadent and narcissist actress Madeline Ashton is performing Songbird, based on Tennessee Williams' Sweet Bird of Youth. Then she receives her rival Helen Sharp, who is an aspiring writer, and her fiancee Ernest Menville, who is a plastic surgeon, in her dressing-room. Soon Menville calls off his commitment with Helen and marries Madeline. Seven years later, Helen is obese in a psychiatric hospital and obsessed in seeking revenge on Madeline. In 1992, the marriage of Madeline and Menville is finished and he is no longer a surgeon but an alcoholic caretaker. Out of the blue, they are invited to a party where Helen will release her novel Forever Young and Madeline goes to a beauty shop. The owner gives a business card of the specialist in rejuvenation Lisle Von Rhuman to her. When the envious Madeline sees Helen thin in a perfect shape, she decides to seek out Lisle and buys a potion to become young again. Further, she advises that Madeline must take care of her body. Meanwhile Helen seduces Menville and they plot a scheme to kill Madeline. When Madeline comes home, she has an argument Menville and he pushes her from the staircase. She breaks her neck but becomes a living dead. When Helen arrives at Menville's house expecting that Madeline is dead, she is murdered by Madeline. But she also becomes a living dead and they conclude they need Menville to help them to maintain their bodies. But Menville wants to leave them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When a novelist loses her man to a movie star and former friend, she winds up in a psychiatric hospital. Years later, she returns home to confront the now-married couple, looking radiant. Her ex-husband's new wife wants to know her secret, and discovers that she has been taking a mysterious drug which grants eternal life to the person who drinks it. The actress follows suit, but discovers that immortality has a price. Jwelch5742 Helen, a writer, and Madeline, an actress, have hated each other for years. Madeline is married to Ernest, who was once Helen's fiance. After she recovers from a mental breakdown, Helen vows revenge by stealing back Ernest and plotting to kill Madeline. Both rivals have secretly drunk a miracle cure for aging; they accidentally discover, when each tries to eliminate the other, that they have become immortal and that "life" will never be the same again. froufrou 14 years after Madeline steals Helens fianc Ernest, Helen together with the now alcoholic and downtrodden Ernest plots a plan to kill Madeline. Hovewer, due to Madeline having taken an elixir that gives her eternal life just killing her won't suffice. karemor Death Becomes Her is a story of sabotage and betrayal. Madeline Ashton (Meryl Streep) and Helen Sharp (Goldie Hawn) have acted as toxic friends in one another's lives since childhood. Helen Sharp met and married plastic surgeon Ernest Menville (Bruce Willis), thinking her dreams of a happy life had been fulfilled. Madeline's malicious and competitive spirit becomes apparent when she purposefully breaks apart the marriage and subsequently marries Ernest herself. This tragedy sends Helen into a downward spiral, eventually landing her in a mental institution. Meanwhile, the marriage between Ernest and Madeline becomes more and more miserable as it becomes apparent that Madeline has never even liked him and will never love him. Madeline's misery is manifested into an adulterous affair and thousands of dollars spent on cosmetic surgery. She longs to be young and single again, while resentment grows toward her husband. Madeline is tempted into taking a potion, one that will stop the aging process and send it into reverse. She will soon be at her utmost physical perfection, a state she has missed and longed for for years. Her newly regained youth gives her confidence beyond expectation and she decides to pay a visit to her old friend Helen. She assumes that Helen is still overweight, after gaining weight in the mental institution, but finds her to be younger looking and fitter than ever. The old, long dead competition between the two women is reignited. Both want Ernest and will stop at no cost to have him. The competition becomes presumable deadly, until it is apparent that Helen has taken the same potion. This long time rivalry takes them both to very unexpected places. Bearika Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Madeline Ashton (Meryl Streep), performing on Broadway in an elaborate dance number. In the audience are her childhood friend, Helen Sharp (Goldie Hawn), and her fiance Ernest Menville (Bruce Willis). Helen shortly after feels that Ernest has fallen for her friend's glamorous charms, and her fears soon prove to be correct, when their engagement falls apart, and Ernest marries Madeline. This causes Helen to fall into a depressive spiral, in which she gorges on ready-made cans of frosting and becomes obese, living in an apartment with numerous cats. Her days generally consist of watching a film starring Madeline in which her character is killed, with Helen rewinding this scene over and over again. After she is evicted for failing to pay rent, Helen is put into a mental institution, but even after several months of therapy, she still has not shown any improvement. Her psychologist (Alaina Reed Hall) advises Helen that she needs to completely eliminate Madeline from her mind. In a twisted way (unknown to the psychologist), Helen takes this advice to heart. During the this time, Madeline Ashton's career has slowly waned. Now obsessed with holding onto her once youthful looks, and having an affair with a younger man. Ernest meanwhile has become an alcoholic mortician and is miserable in his married life. One day, Madeline receives an invitation for her and Ernest to attend a book release party from Helen. Madeline goes, eager to see Helen as an overweight woman... only to find her old friend is now slender and beautiful. Helen's 'rejuvenation' causes Madeline to slowly lose her mind. She angrily chews out her spa technician, the owner of the spa gives Madeline a business card to someone he claims can help her. The card he gives Madeline translates to Street of Flowers in French. Madeline scoffs at , and goes to see her young male lover...only to find that he's cheating on her. He tells her that she's gotten too old for him. Now more upset than ever, Madeline then looks at the card she was given, and goes to see Lisle von Rhuman (Isabella Rossellini). Lisle resides in a large, Gothic mansion, and reveals to Madeline a potion that will restore her youth and make her live forever - however Lisle isn't too clear on that last point, simply telling Madeline to "Take care of your body since you would be together a long time". Madeline eagerly takes the potion, holding it over her mouth to get every last drop. Before she leaves the mansion, Madeline looks in a mirror, and is amazed to see her wrinkles disappear, and her body become taut and firm again. She remarks to the guard "I'm a girl!" and the guard simply puts his finger to his lips, indicating the level of secrecy Madeline must now adhere to. Meanwhile, Ernest has been visited by Helen, who attempts to seduce Ernest into helping her kill Madeline. Her plan is simple: After drugging Madeline, they'll stage a drunk driving accident. Helen leaves shortly thereafter, and Madeline returns home, happy to be youthful again. Feeling better than before, but having been tempted by Helen's plans, he ends up pushing Madeline down the stairs instead of saving her after Madeline repeatedly calls Ernest "flaccid." Unsure what to do next, Ernest places a call to Helen, revealing their plans as he thinks Madeline is dead... only to find Madeline revived, with her head twisted backwards. After straightening her head, the two then go to the local hospital. While there, the doctor is surprised when his stethoscope picks up no heartbeat, and no pulse, which would technically mean that Madeline is dead. Ernest goes out for a little bit, only to return and find they've taken his wife to the Morgue. After finding her there, Ernest declares that Madeline is some kind of miracle, and decides to take care of her. It seems he totally forgot Helen's plans. But Helen hasn't. Returning to the mansion, Ernest notes that Madeline has lost color, and goes to the mortuary where he works to pick up formaldehyde, tubes, paints and other things. He then paints her body and does her makeup. However, this process is interrupted by Helen, who has come in regards to Ernest's panicked call to her reporting Madeline's lethal (he thinks) fall down the stairs. As their voices get higher, Madeline overhears Helen's intended death plot for her, and appears before the two, brandishing a shotgun. Madeline ends up blowing Helen into the garden pool with a gaping hole in her abdomen. Ernest is freaked about having a dead body on his hands (again), but gets another shock when Helen emerges from the pool, still alive, save for a giant hole through her abdomen. As Ernest watches, the two women then accuse the other of taking Lisle's potion, and then engage in a battle, swinging garden shovels, at which point Ernest goes back upstairs. During the fight, the two end up hurting each other physically, but then begin to lay out their own emotional feelings...before finally coming to a reconciliation. Going to Ernest, they say they have made up, and ask him to fix them. Ernest agrees, but on the condition that he is allowed to leave them forever once he has finished. The girls agree immediately to never contacting him again. After repairing the girls, they are at first overjoyed, but then realize that their bodies require upkeep now, and only Ernest can provide that. Helen suggests they drug him, and both girls attempt to have Ernest drink an alcoholic drink with a drug in it. However, Ernest then considers that he drinks too much, and refuses. In desperation, the girls hit Ernest over the head, knocking him unconscious. Ernest wakes up in the swimming pool chamber of Lisle's mansion, dressed in a tux. Lisle is swimming and steps out of the pool nude save for a long scarf and high heels. Lisle is throwing a party for her clients tonight, but has taken time to meet with Ernest at Madeline and Helen's request. Lisle shows Ernest the effects of the potion, and encourages him to take it as well. However, Ernest is reluctant, seeing a downside to living forever: he'll watch all the people around him get old and die, his body could be injured in accidents, and he'll most likely end up having to cope with Madeline and Helen forever. Ernest attempts to escape, but first encounters Lisle's party (at which Greta Garbo, Jim Morrison, Marilyn Monroe, Andy Warhol, Elvis, and James Dean are just some of the attendees). Ernest runs away with Helen and Madeline, as well as the guards Tom, Dick and Harry, in hot pursuit. Ernest ends up dangling precariously above the glass windows over the swimming pool, where Helen and Madeline find him. Ernest still has the potion in his possession, and the two at first plead, but then demand that he take the potion so he'll survive the fall. Realizing his 'importance' to them, Ernest drops the potion, and explains to the girls, "You're on your own," before plummeting into the glass and landing safely in the pool below. There he encounters Jim Morrison with a woman who is taking off her clothes prior to swimming. After Ernest falls through the stained glass ceiling and lands safely in the water, Jim Morrison asks him if he's done with the pool yet. Ernest assures him that he is done. Ernest escapes the mansion in a vintage Porsche (which belongs to James Dean). Helen and Madeline, acting on Lisle's orders, attempt to track Ernest down, first returning to Madeline's place, only to find Ernest has already packed and headed for the airport. It is then that they realize that they are now stuck with each other and will have to help each other maintain their deteriorating appearances. Thirty-seven years later, Ernest finally dies, and a funeral is held for him. The preacher eulogizes about Ernest's accomplishments in those last 37 years. In the time he had left, Ernest made more of his life than he had previously, becoming a mountain climber, remarrying and having 6 children with his 2nd wife, starting clinics for alcoholics, as well as an institution to understand and study women and their behaviors. During the sermon, the preacher claims that Ernest has obtained true immortality through his family, and the lives of those he had touched through his generosity and giving nature. The preacher even mentions "Ernest the Prankster's" long time "jokes" about the living dead in Beverly Hills. In the back of the church, Helen and Madeline, wearing heavy black veils to cover up their faces, are listening, and upon hearing the priest's final words, Madeline mockingly says, "Blah blah blah blah blah blah," and the girls exit the church. Outside, the two women (whose faces look far, far worse due to their constant touch-ups), begin to argue, before Helen accidentally slips on a can of spray paint she dropped. Helen is in danger of falling down the chapel steps, with Madeline just smiling smugly. However, Helen isn't going down alone, and grabs her 'friend.' The two of them tumble down the stairs, before their bodies shatter into various pieces at the bottom. In their shattered state, Helen's decapitated head asks Madeline's head the one thing that is now on her mind: "Do you remember where you parked the car?" 
 Blame It on Rio (1984)321) Best friends and their daughters vacation in Rio de Janeiro only for one to fall for the other's daughter. Matthew is married to Karen, and father to teenaged daughter, Nikki. Victor, his colleague and best friend, who is going through a divorce, is father to 17-year-old Jennifer. Matthew's marriage is not going well as well. Just before they are to embark for a trip to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Karen says she is going on vacation by herself to "think about everything." Matthew and Victor decide to go to Rio with their daughters. The magical atmosphere of Rio, as if saturated with eroticism and languid lusts, takes them by surprise. Victor hunts for every woman, and Matthew, faithful to his wife, modestly accompanies his daughter in her entertainment. But the exciting Brazilian rhythms and frank dances on the moonlit beach do their job. Unable to resist the relentless onslaught of the young seducer, Matthew enters into an intimate relationship with her. Victor is furious when he finds out about an "older man" in his daughter's life, and sets out to hunt him down with the aid of Matthew. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American businessman Victor (Joseph Bologna) and British-born entrepreneur Matthew (Michael Caine) are best friends who work for a major corporation in So Paulo, Brazil. Both are having problems in their marriages: Victor's wife wants to divorce him, while Matthew has no idea what is wrong and is baffled and irritated by the decision of his wife Karen (Valerie Harper) to take her vacation separately from her husband and daughter. The men decide to holiday in Rio de Janeiro. With them are their teenage offspring: Matthew's 15-year-old daughter Nikki (Demi Moore) and Victor's 16-year-old daughter Jennifer (Michelle Johnson). They rent a beautiful vacation home overlooking the city with a taciturn and disapproving housekeeper who treats all of them badly and avoids talking to any of them. Later, on the beach, Matthew and Victor greet their friends, Peter and Helaine, and are embarrassed to see Nicky and Jennifer sunbathing topless along with most of the other women on the beach. Afterward, the girls attend a Brazilian wedding, while Matthew and Victor go to a bar. Victor becomes occupied with a woman named Isabella, so Matthew returns to the beach to find the girls. Caught up in the wedding celebration, Jennifer and Matthew remove their clothes and join the party in the water. Jennifer kisses Matthew passionately, and then runs to a secluded cove. Matthew pursues her to protest, but the young girl seduces him and they make love. The next morning, while Victor and Nicky have breakfast, Jennifer teases Matthew as he shaves. He insists they act as if the previous night never happened, but she extracts a kiss. When Jennifer joins her father and Nicky, she has shaving cream on her face, but claims it is whipped cream. Nicky, who saw Jennifer kiss Matthew the previous night, leaves the table. Matthew becomes increasingly nervous when Jennifer flirts with him in front of her father. In the evening, Matthew and Victor prepare dinner while discussing discuss their daughters. Victor proudly informs Matthew that he forbade Jennifer from using birth control pills, since they have a pact that she will inform him before she loses her virginity. Nicky and Jennifer return, and Nicky begs off dinner to go out with a boy, Diego. During dinner, Jennifer rubs Matthew's leg under the table. Matthew is alarmed when Victor announces he is seeing Isabella again, leaving him and Jennifer alone. Matthew informs Jennifer that they must end the affair, but she seduces him again. Afterward, she confides that she used to fantasize about being married to him. In the early hours of the morning, Jennifer returns to the room she shares with Nicky, but bumps into Victor, and he wonders why she is up so late. When Jennifer asks Nicky if she hates her, the girl responds that she hates her father instead. Nicky warns Jennifer that her father has difficulty expressing his emotions. The next day, Jennifer consults a holy woman, who advises the girl to make gifts to a goddess and have the object of her affection wear a necklace with a fertility icon. During a beach outing, Jennifer places the necklace around Matthew's neck, hoping to insure his love, then asks him to tell Victor about their relationship. However, Matthew insists that the affair is over, even though he loves her. The following day, Matthew overhears Jennifer confess to Victor the she had an affair with a married man. Matthew hastily packs and plans to return to Sao Paolo, but Victor begs him to stay to learn the identity of Jennifer's lover. Pretending to help his friend, Matthew takes Jennifer to lunch and she offers him a nude photograph of herself. He refuses the gift, but decides to lie to Victor and tell him that Jennifer would not reveal her lover's identity. Matthew encourages Jennifer to go out with a nineteen-year-old boy named Bernardo. When the boy brings Jennifer home, she abruptly ends his kiss. Meanwhile, Nicky returns home from her date and is confronted by Matthew, who wants to know where she has been. She admits to her knowledge of his affair with Jennifer. Later, Matthew seeks guidance from the holy woman. At the house, Victor finds Jennifer's diary and shares it with Matthew, but her writings do not reveal her lover's name, only that he is 43-years-old and has blue eyes. Victor asks Nicky what she knows and she gives him a couple of false leads, including a singer in a club. Later, Victor and Matthew visit the club and Jennifer attempts to make Matthew jealous. Victor attacks the singer until Matthew points out that the man has brown eyes. At dinner, Jennifer attempts to tell Victor her lover's identity. Victor suspects a neighbor named Eduardo Marques, but Matthew confesses to save the man from Victor's vengeance. Victor is stunned, and cannot bring himself to hit his friend. Afterward, Matthew tells Jennifer that their affair is revealed, and now completely over. Nicky observes the two and telephones her mother, Karen, asking her to come immediately because Matthew is in trouble. In the morning, Victor plans to leave. He attacks Matthew, just as Karen arrives. Matthew admits to the affair with Jennifer, and learns that Karen and Victor have been sleeping together. Meanwhile, Jennifer takes an overdose of birth control pills. At the hospital, Victor and Matthew temporarily reconcile, and Karen tells Jennifer how furious she is. Back at the house, Karen and Nicky refuse to speak to Matthew; he is forced to share a room with Victor, and they resume fighting before the mute and unfriendly housekeeper interrupts them. In the morning, Jennifer and Nicky ask if they can stay another week after their parents leave. Karen ends her affair with Victor and asks Matthew join her in Bahia. One year later, Victor finalizes his divorce and remarries his wife. Matthew's final line of summation is: "You only live once, but it does help if you get to be young twice." 
 Far and Away (1992)431) A young Irish couple flee to the States, but subsequently struggle to obtain land and prosper freely. A young man leaves Ireland with his landlord's daughter after some trouble with her father and they dream of owning land at the big give-away in Oklahoma ca. 1893. When they get to the new land, they find jobs and begin saving money. The man becomes a local bare-hands boxer and rides in glory until he is beaten, then his employers steal all the couple's money and they must fight off starvation in the winter and try to keep their dream of owning land alive. Meanwhile, the woman's parents find out where she has gone and have come to the U.S. to find her and take her back. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Joseph Donnelly, a young Irish man facing property eviction after his father's death, decides to take revenge on Daniel Christie, his landlord. In an attempt to kill Christie, however, he is injured and sentenced to a duel with Christie's arrogant manager, Stephen Chase. Meanwhile, Shannon, Daniel's daughter, is growing dissatisfied with the traditional views of her parents' generation and longs to be modern. She makes her plans to leave for the U.S. and with her help, Joseph is able to escape. Upon arriving in Boston, they find jobs and begin saving money. Joseph becomes a local bare-hands boxer, while Shannon works in a chicken processing plant and then as a dancer at the social club. All goes well until Joseph loses a boxing match, after which their money is taken away. Joseph and Shannon are left to starve in the winter cold. Shannon's parents, still in Ireland, face a devastating loss and decide to come to America to be with her. Chase, who joined them, has begun a campaign to find her, but his efforts are unnecessary Joseph brings Shannon to them after an accident. Joseph then heads west to work on the railroad. After many months, Joseph is confronted by his father in a dream and is reminded of his desire to own his own land. Joseph decides to join the wagon trains and arrives in Oklahoma Territory just in time for the big land race, upon which his fate will lie. Amy Jentoft <ajentoft@alpha.albion.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joseph Donelly (Tom Cruise),a young Irishman facing property eviction after his father's death, decides to take revenge on his landlord, Daniel Christie (Robert Prosky). In his attempt to kill him however, he is discovered by Daniel's daughter, Shannon Christie (Nicole Kidman) and is injured by her when he tries to escape. While injured he continues his plans to kill his landlord, but his weapon malfunctions and blows up in his face. Held captive while they treat his wounds (planning to subsequently have him hanged for attempted murder), Joseph tries to escape the house and is caught by Stephen Chase (Thomas Gibson), Daniel's arrogant manager. Joseph spits on Stephen in anger and, disgraced, Stephen challenges Joseph to a duel of pistols at dawn. Meanwhile, Shannon, also Stephen's love interest, is growing dissatisfied with the traditional views of her parents' generation and longs to be modern, even going as far as to disgust her mother and their friends by playing American music on the piano. She makes plans to leave for America to claim land that's being given away for free, and with her help, Joseph is able to escape. Shannon pays for Joseph's passage and he pretends to be her servant. This way, a single young woman is able to travel without question, and Joseph, now aware of the reality of the free land, can reach America to claim land. Shannon meets and talks to a kindly man on the ship about the promise of land and her money issues. He informs her that to claim the free land, she must travel to Oklahoma and race for it along with others. Concerned with the expense of travel, she explains to him that she has no money, only expensive silver spoons. He tells her he will help her find a shop to whom she can sell her silver to. Upon arriving in Boston, the man who provided advice steals her spoons and is shot by men who seem to have previous trouble with him. The spoons are scattered in the street and stolen by passersby. Calling for help, Shannon is rescued by Joseph, who manages to save her bag and get her out of the streets. Taking charge of their situation, Joseph is led to the community of Irish living in the area and speaks to the man in charge. Through him, they find a room to live in and jobs in a chicken processing plant. Due to Shannon's wealthy background, which is hated by the lower class Irish they find themselves surrounded by, Joseph lies and tells everyone that she is in fact his sister, to save her from being exiled or hurt. Time passes and it becomes obvious that Joseph and Shannon have become attracted to each other, but both keep up a front of hostility. One night, after peeking at Shannon undress, Joseph finds himself sexually frustrated and rushes out and joins in a barehanded boxing match. Winning the match provides Joseph with newfound wealth and becomes somewhat of a local celebrity. Meanwhile back in Ireland The Christie house is burned down by unhappy taxpayers, and they and Stephen announce that they will go to America to find their daughter. Temporarily, Joseph seems to forget about his goals of obtaining land and spends his money on suits and hats, in a thinly veiled attempt to impress Shannon. Shannon however, continues her work at the plant and mocks Joseph's prized hats. At one point, the pair have a spat and it becomes obvious that Joseph is extremely upset that he's not managed to gain Shannon's approval or admiration. Shannon begins to question Joseph about his plans to get land and his lack of money the night before the largest fight of his career. He replies angrily that he easily earns money and will continue to do so. He spitefully tells her that he earns more money than she could ever dream to. She retorts that she could earn just as much and disappears into their room. Later, right before the big fight, Joseph searches for Shannon, but is unable to find her. He's directed to his fight, told by others that she is there. Rushing to the site, he discovers she has become a dancer at the social club, demeaning herself to earn more money. He attempts to ignore the men pushing him towards the ring and covers Shannon with his jacket, demanding that she stop dancing. Before he can finish with her, the men around plea with him to fight. The Irish men backing Joseph offer him a small fortune ($200) for this one last, great fight. Shannon, who previously scorned boxing, urges him to do it, since it would be enough money to fulfill his wish of traveling to get land. Joseph agrees and begins to fight a large Italian fighter. All goes well until Joseph witnesses one of his backers (a member of the city council) forcing Shannon into his lap and groping her. Completely forgetting the fight, Joseph pushes his way through the crowd to free her. As he is pushed back into the ring his foot crosses the line, signalling he is ready to begin fighting, the Italian then beats Joseph. Because Joseph lost the fight he is then thrown out of the club. When Joseph wakes up he runs out of the alley he woke up in and runs into Stephen Chase asking drunkards if they've seen Shannon. Joseph then runs to his room to find the backers searching the room for their money. When they find it they take it, and throw Joseph and Shannon out into the snow covered street and tells the owner of the "whorehouse" that if she let them stay one night, it will be shut down. During a very cold night with no food, they become desperate enough to enter a seemingly abandoned house of luxury. Joseph shows signs of sadness at the beautiful things, knowing Shannon has suffered and deserves a better life than she currently has. He encourages her to pretend the house is hers, and offers to serve her. She's moved by this, but begs him to join her instead, and pretend with her, that they are married and the house is theirs. During the tender moment they declare that they 'pretend' to love each other and kiss. At that moment the owners of the house returns and chases them from the property, shooting Shannon in the process. Joseph brings Shannon to Christie's for help after she is shot. Stephen continuously scolds him and ridicules the state Shannon is in. Deciding Shannon will be better cared for here, with her family and wealth, Joseph leaves Shannon with her family, despite his obvious feelings for her. He then heads west to work on the Trans-Continental Railroad, seemingly abandoning his dream of owning land. After many months, Joseph is confronted by his father in a dream, and is reminded of his desire to own land. Joseph decides to join the wagon trains and arrives in Oklahoma Territory just in time for the Land Run of 1893, which will enable him finally reach his goal. Through chance he discovers Shannon, now healthy and obviously well taken care of, has also arrived. Confronting her, he discovers she arrived on train, riding the very rails he built. She offers him luck, but is rather cold and Joseph leaves disheartened. Stephen, who witnesses the exchange, warns Joseph that he will kill him if he goes near Shannon. Arriving late to the event, Joseph is forced to choose between two horses the unruly stallion or the broken slow horse. He choices the broken horse that gets killed that night he then is forced to ride the unruly horse. Shannon attempts to give him advice, but is quickly ushered away. During the race, Joseph chases after Shannon and Stephen, knowing that Stephen has broken the law and already found a very rich spot of land to claim. During the race, Shannon falls off her horse and Joseph rushes to her aid. Angered by this, Stephen races back towards them, instead of his goal, the land, and attempts to shoot him. They have a brief fight but Joseph manages to knock the gun from him. Shannon encourages Joseph to continue the race. He races Stephen to the land but then Stephen comes along and they have another fight in which Joseph falls to the ground, hitting his head on a rock, mortally wounding him. Shannon rushes to his side and finally rejects Stephen when he questions her actions. Stephen leaves and Shannon is left to try and keep Joseph alive. As he dies, Joseph finally confesses that he loves her, and without her, the land that was so important to him means nothing. He dies, and Shannon mourns, crying over his body. She tells him that she always loved him, from the first moment she saw him. This suddenly revives him, similar to an earlier scene involving his father, and together they happily drive their flag through the ground and claim their prized land. 