nm0007157:

 Under Oath (1997)Summaries Two honest cops cross the line for a one time score, resulting in the accidental death of an undercover FBI agent. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Sea Wolf (1997)Summaries Thrown overboard while conducting an environmental investigation, Humphrey Van Weyden is as good as dead. But before he can meet his watery doom, he is plucked up by the crew of the freighter "The Ghost". The ship's formidable captain, Wolf Larsen, sees a challenge in Humphrey; to turn this over educated idealist into a man of action like himself. Larsen succeeds in changing Humphrey's life, but in the process sacrifices himself to the same rage and instability that makes him such a powerful figure. In a gripping final confrontation, Humphrey must stop Wolf from destroying everything around him as he battles his own mortality. Based on the classic novel by Jack London. Concorde - New Horizons (with permission). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spacejacked (1997)Summaries Luxury space cruiser Star Princess is hijacked by the treacherous second mate, who threatens to blow up the craft unless he gets access to bank accounts on Earth. A beautiful passenger and courageous first-mate attempt to thwart his schemes. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wrong Turn at Tahoe (2009)Summaries A small-time crime boss kills a drug dealer without realizing that the drug dealer works for the biggest crime boss in the country. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 