nm0005037:

 The Genius of Gianni Versace (2020)Summaries Feature-length documentary film celebrating the extraordinary life and career of influential Italian fashion designer Gianni Versace, beginning with his birth in the city of Reggio Calabria, Italy on 2 December 1946, and growing up with his elder brother Santo Versace and younger sister Donatella Versace, along with their father and dressmaker mother, Francesca, through building his financial empire, and showcasing his many extraordinary homes including his Miami Beach Palazzo, the Casa Casuarina. Scott Cardinal It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Monarca (20192021)Summaries After 20 years, Ana Mara returns to Mexico and vies for control of her family's tequila empire as it threatens to crumble under corruption and secrets. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Natural Disasters (I) (2020)Summaries Three friends in their mid-20s struggle to navigate their professional and personal lives, colliding head on with the messy, hilarious and dreadful growing pangs of adulthood. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Passions (19992008)Summaries In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. But behind the money are many lies and secrets. Most of what the Cranes do affects the other core families: the working class Bennets, the Russells, and the Lopez-Fitzgeralds. The wealthy Hotchkiss family cause's a lot of problems in Harmony. They are heavily involved with the much wealthier Crane family. And everyone must watch out for Tabitha Lenox, who is thought to be the crazy neighbor of the Bennets, but is actually a 300 year old witch who plays god with all of their lives. The powerful Crane family, headed in Harmony by the slow-witted Julian, who's really just a puppet of his faceless father Alistair, attempts to control all of the goings-on in the town. Julian recently found that Alistair's heir, Ethan, is not his son, but police chief Sam Bennett's. The secret's revelation was manipulated by Julian's new love, Rebecca Hotchkiss, who's plotting to get her daughter, Gwen, back together with Ethan. Ethan is engaged to the beautiful Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, who was a virgin until, she and Ethan made love just past midnight on their wedding day. Theresa's brother, Luis, is engaged to Sheridan Crane, and Alistair plotted to have Julian kill Sheridan with a poisoned wedding ring to prevent her marriage to Luis. If Luis gains access to the Crane estate, he might just solve the mystery of his father, Martin Fitzgerald's, long ago disappearance. Eve Russel, the town doctor, had an affair with Julian before she met her husband T.C. The relationship produced a son, who she thought had died, but who may or may not be Chad Harris - an orphan who came to town looking for his parents, and fell in love with Eve's daughter, Whitney. Eve's other daughter, Simone, also loves Chad - which has created a rather interesting love triangle, since Whitney recently promised a near-dead Simone that if she would come back, Whitney would never see Chad again. Tabitha Lennox, as it turns out, is rather inconsequential thus far, but she provides plenty of comic relief. stephanie boone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 