nm0001527:

 Once Upon a Time in America (1984)431) A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan 35 years later, where he must once again confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life. With the vivid memory of his long-gone childhood friends Max, Patsy, and Cockeye etched in his mind, his ferociously loyal partners-in-crime during their rise to prominence in New York's Prohibition-era Lower East Side, the defeated, penniless, and guilt-ridden former gangster David "Noodles" Aaronson returns to Manhattan. Not knowing what to expect on his mission to shed light on his opaque past, grizzled Noodles reunites with his only living friend Fat Moe after 35 haunted years of self-exile. However, the relentless, piercing sound of culpability stands in the way of finding closure, as the inscrutable content of a well-worn leather suitcase further complicates matters. And now, against the backdrop of a torn conscience, the sad, bittersweet recollections of more than 50 years of love, death, and everything in-between become inextricably intertwined, leading to even more puzzling questions. But what are a man's options when he is left with nothing? Nick Riganas Epic, episodic tale of the lives of a small group of New York City Jewish gangsters spanning over 40 years. Told mostly in flashbacks and flash-forwards, the movie centers on small-time hood David 'Noodles' Aaronson and his lifelong partners in crime: Max, Cockeye, and Patsy, and their friends from growing up in the rough Jewish neighborhood of New York's Lower East Side in the 1920s to the last years of Prohibition in the early 1930s, through to the late 1960s, where an elderly Noodles returns to New York after many years in hiding to look into the past. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is divided into three distinct time periods: 1920, 1932-3, and 1968. The story frequently jumps back and forth between these times, and is summarized chronologically here. Scenes presented in square brackets [like this] appear only in the 2012 Extended Director's Cut. In 1968, David "Noodles" Aaronson ( Robert De Niro ), returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City, following a prolonged absence. He has been called back under mysterious circumstances: he's received a notice from a local rabbi telling him that the cemetery in his old neighborhood is being closed and the remains of those buried there are being moved. He sets himself up in with a room in a bar owned by an old friend, "Fat" Moe Gelly ( Larry Rapp ), and begins to investigate the summons he received. Having lived for years under the assumed name of "Robert Williams", Noodles is suspicious of the letter, thinking that he's been called back to see to the reburial of his old friends, Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg ( James Hayden ), Philip "Cockeye" Stein ( William Forsythe ), and Max Bercovic ( James Woods ), who he used to be in a gang with. Noodles believes someone is seeking revenge against him. In 1920, the boys grow up in poverty in a Jewish neighborhood on the Lower East Side. They ostensibly work for a young local Irish gangster named Bugsy ( James Russo ); however, Noodles (now played by Scott Tiler ) and his friends Patsy ( Brian Bloom ), Cockeye ( Adrian Curran ) and Dominic ( Noah Moazezi ), have ambitions to strike out on their own. One day, while attempting to "roll" a drunkard ( Gerritt Debeer ), they are foiled in their plot by Max ( Rusty Jacobs ), who has just moved into the neighborhood with his mother ( Marcia Jean Kurtz ). He keeps the drunk's pocket watch and leaves the boys to be harassed by a local policeman, Whitey (whom the boys call "Fartface") ( Richard Foronjy ), who constantly bullies them. Noodles finds Max later and demands the watch back. Whitey happens by and takes the watch for himself. Noodles and Max come to admire each others' resolve and decide to be friends. Though Noodles and Max share leadership of the gang, it is Max who is the more charismatic and makes most of the decisions for them. One day Patsy spies Whitey walking along the rooftops of the neighborhood and follows him. Patsy immediately realizes that Whitey is going to see their pre-teen (albeit physically matured) friend, Peggy ( Julie Cohen ), who prostitutes herself. The boys catch Whitey in the act and photograph him; Patsy quickly disappears with the film plate. Whitey acquiesces to their demands that, as the new gang in the area, he pay them as much in tribute as he does Bugsy and that he do some enforcement work for them. They also get their watch back from him and make him pay for Noodles and Max to have sex with Peggy. Noodles has long desired to become romantically involved with Fat Moe's ( Mike Monetti ) sister, Deborah ( Jennifer Connelly ); their father, Mr. Gelly ( Chuck Low ), owns the local kosher restaurant. While using the men's room in the restaurant, Noodles often spies on her through a small hole in the wall while she practices her ballet steps and undresses afterward. Deborah, however, mostly ignores his advances, with the exception of an intimate moment they share when the restaurant is closed during Passover. The boys become something of a success in their neighborhood, thieving houses and stores and rolling more drunks and other weaker types for small earnings that are substantial for themselves. When Bugsy hears that there's another gang that isn't under his control, he and his thugs horribly beat Noodles and Max just outside Deborah's father's restaurant. When Noodles pleads with Deborah to let him inside after the vicious beating, Deborah refuses. Undaunted, the boys meet with a local Italian mobster, Al Capuano ( Clem Caserta ), and show him an invention of Noodles' that will allow Capuano to keep all the imported cargo he illegally deals even after his ships crews are forced to throw it overboard by harbor customs agents. The first time the boys use Noodles' invention, it works perfectly and the boys are overjoyed at the cargo that floats to the surface. Max falls overboard and doesn't surface for a seemingly long amount of time. Worried that his friend has drowned, Noodles looks for him and is perturbed when Max finally appears. The invention is a success and the boys become very wealthy, receiving 10% of Capuano's earnings. They rent a train station locker and stash their cash earnings in a leather briefcase, promising that they will only withdraw or deposit funds from the locker when they are all present, and that the key will be kept by Fat Moe. On their way back from the station, they are attacked by Bugsy, who this time carries a pistol. Dominic is the only member of the gang who is shot by Bugsy (being the smallest, he is unable to run for cover as fast as his companions) and dies in Noodles' arms. Noodles retaliates and stabs Bugsy with a switchblade several times before two mounted policemen tries to stop him. Noodles, still in a fit of rage, stabs one of the policemen before he is arrested and sentenced to 12 years imprisonment. His friends turn out to see him delivered to the juvenile reformatory. In 1932, Noodles is released from prison, where he is picked up by Max. Max explains that he and the rest of the gang have set themselves up in an undertaking business. However, the mortician's parlor is a front for their real business: bootlegging liquor, which has made them rich. According to Max, they run the most popular speakeasy in the city; they hide the scotch they serve in the building's steam heating system. A party is held for Noodles on his return and Max introduces him to some new associates, Frankie Manoldi ( Joe Pesci ) and his partner Joe ( Burt Young ). Frankie and Joe want the gang to rob a diamond broker's they own in Detroit. During the heist, Noodles is goaded by the broker's masochist secretary, Carol ( Tuesday Weld ), into assaulting and "ravishing" her; Noodles does so despite a stern warning from Joe not to abuse her. The gang meets with Joe to give him the diamonds and kill him and his men on Frankie's orders. Noodles, unaware of the deal that Max made with Frankie to murder Joe, is quite angry with Max; his reasoning is that their gang should not be liable to anyone like Frankie and should operate independently. Also, Noodles is concerned that one day Frankie may want Noodles or Max to eliminate the other. Max assures Noodles it will never happen. As they drive away from the scene, Noodles foolhardily drives their car off a long pier into the bay. [Everyone except Noodles escapes the car and surfaces. After a few minutes, the guys worry that Noodles may have been killed by a nearby dredging machine, but he appears soon after - a mirroring of Max tricking him when they were teenagers.] Some time later, in 1933, the gang then begins to aid a local union leader, Jimmy "Clean Hands" O'Donnell ( Treat Williams ), who has made a career of standing up to corrupt labor leaders, particularly a man named Crowning ( Gerard Murphy ). After rescuing Jimmy from Crowning's thug, Chicken Joe ( Richard Bright ), who is about to burn him alive, the gang offers their assistance to Jimmy, who initially refuses their help, not wanting to deal with men who operate in bootlegging, drugs or prostitution. Next, the gang turns their attention to a local labor strike being engineered by a celebrity police captain, Vincent Aiello ( Danny Aiello ). Aiello is being manipulated by the factory owners into allowing his officers to protect the scab workers the owners have allowed into their factory. The gang concocts a brilliant and diabolical scheme to switch Aiello's newborn son (his family's only boy after four girls) at the hospital: Noodles calls him just after he discovers the switch (the gang switched his boy for a girl in the nursery) and tells him to call off his officers and let the workers and management work out the strike. However, when Patsy tries to remember which baby they switched Aiello's boy for, he can't; he's lost the switch list with the child's number on it. The mix-up doesn't faze the gang, however, and they agree to simply give Aiello the number of a random boy from the ward, coldly laughing over the fates of some of the children they'd mixed up. During the time that the gang is expanding their business dealings, Noodles rekindles his romance with Deborah (now played by Elizabeth McGovern ). He arranges for a lavish vacation for them both at a posh resort in the Hamptons that is closed for the season. Revealing that his desire to be reunited with her was what drove him to see through his prison term, Noodles admits his love for Deborah; however, she is still reluctant to get romantically involved with him, and reveals that she intends to leave for California to pursue her acting career. On their return trip in their limousine, Noodles rapes Deborah. Ashamed, he orders the driver (producer Arnon Milchan ) to take her home. [While drowning his sorrows in drink, Noodles meets a young prostitute named Eve ( Darlanne Fluegel ), who returns his affections and soon becomes his girlfriend; in his stupor, he spends their first night together calling her "Deborah".] Some time later that day, Deborah boards a train to California; Noodles, from a distance in the station, watches her leave; she closes the compartment blind when she sees him. While calling Max and Noodles for assistance, Jimmy is nearly killed on the street by Chicken Joe in a drive-by shooting. The gang retaliates, shooting at Crowning outside his club, killing his bodyguards, including Chicken Joe. With a wounded leg, Jimmy is crippled for life but is able to continue his career. While they celebrate with Jimmy in the hospital, Jimmy's attorney, Sharkey ( Robert Harper ), tells the gang that Prohibition may soon end and they should think about entering legitimate business with their large fleet of bootlegging trucks, with Jimmy acting as their front. Max seems to like the idea, however, Noodles is unconvinced, still adhering to his old mantra of not working for anyone but themselves. Max suggests that Noodles' idea of business is too archaic and that they need to expand to make more money, but Noodles still adheres steadfastly to his street code. A few months later, Prohibition approaches its end, and the gang find themselves out of work. Noodles and Max take a vacation to Florida with their respective girlfriends. Not wanting to go into legitimate work, Max reveals an audacious plan to rob the Federal Reserve bank in Manhattan. Noodles thinks the plan is too outrageous, knowing that it almost certainly would get him and the rest of the gang killed. Carol - who by this time has joined the brothel that Peggy ( Amy Ryder ) runs in conjunction with the gang's speakeasy, and has become Max's girlfriend - tries to convince Noodles to get Max to abandon his plan, or tip the police to get Max arrested to give him time to think over the scheme's absurdity. Noodles plans to alert the police about a liquor exchange Max has planned with Cockeye and Patsy, which is set to take place a short time after the gang's party in celebration of the end of Prohibition. Noodles does so and, when Max joins him in the office, provokes Max into a fight by suggesting his friend is crazy; it is a vulnerable fact of Max's life that his father was mentally unbalanced and died in a sanatorium. Noodles shows up at the site of the liquor buy during a cold and rainy night and sees that Patsy and Cockeye have been killed, while Max appears to have been horribly burned beyond recognition. After returning to Fat Moe's bar and finding Eve murdered and Fat Moe savagely beaten (depicted in the first scenes of the film), he retrieves the key to the locker at the train station. At the station, he finds that the money has been replaced with newspapers. Puzzled, Noodles buys a one-way bus ticket to Buffalo and leaves. During his sleuthing in 1968, Noodles finds out that his friends were moved to a different cemetery and an elaborate mausoleum was constructed for them. When the bronze doors to the mausoleum are opened, an automated recording plays the same Pan flute tune that Cockeye played when he was alive. He finds the key to the train station locker on a plaque inside that states Noodles himself put the plaque and key there to honor his friends. [He then has a chance encounter with the cemetery's directress ( Louise Fletcher ); referring to himself by his "Robert Williams" identity, Noodles asks about "Mr. Aaronson"'s level of involvement in the mausoleum's construction, and whether she had any contact with him. She reveals that aside from his suggestion of the inscription above the bronze doors - "Your youngest and strongest will fall by the sword" - and providing a tape recording of Cockeye's song, he gave the architects free reign with regard to its building, and that the deal was finalized through his overseas bank account. During their conversation, Noodles notices that he's being tailed by the unseen driver of a Cadillac, which speeds away as he tries to approach it, although he manages to write down its license plate number.] He goes to the locker and finds the same leather case and more money inside. A note inside the case reads "Advance payment for your next job". [Noodles traces the Cadillac to the Long Island mansion of Christopher Bailey, the US Secretary of Commerce; the car suddenly explodes as he watches it leave via the front gate.] According to news reports, Bailey is under investigation for corruption; several witnesses set to testify against Bailey, including the passenger of the destroyed Cadillac (a District Attorney), have all died under mysterious circumstances. Noodles suspects a connection between Bailey and the money left to him. Before visiting Bailey's house under invitation to a party, he talks to Carol who tells him that Deborah is once again living in the New York City area and is now a famous actress. [After seeing Deborah's Broadway performance of "Antony and Cleopatra"], Noodles visits her backstage; the two have a lengthy conversation, during which Noodles notes that the role of Cleopatra is perfect for her, since, unlike everyone else he knows from his past life, "Age (has) not wither(ed) her". Deborah's most important revelation is that she and Secretary Bailey are together, and have a grown-up son, also named David, who bears a striking resemblance to Max when he was younger. Secretary Bailey is, in fact, Max, and that night hosts the party, which is attended by many of New York's most influential people. [There, he privately confronted by Jimmy, whose tenure as a union leader has become a front for criminal activities that are secretly supported by Max. However, their working relationship has turned sour, as Max has enough evidence with which to testify Jimmy and his colleagues' guilt before the corruption committee. He is responsible for the assassination of the District Attorney - an attempt on Max's life - and coerces him into signing documents transferring some of Max's power to him in exchange for David's financial stability and safety. As Jimmy leaves, he suggests that Max should avoid assassination altogether by committing suicide, which Max somewhat agrees with.] Noodles arrives at the party, and is brought before Max, who reveals that - with the help of Jimmy and corrupt members of the police - he faked his own death during the liquor exchange where he was "killed" and has, for the past 30 years, created the Bailey persona as a disguise. With the threat of assassination looming over the upcoming investigation, Max tells Noodles that he is the only person that he will allow himself to be killed by (hence the money and the cryptic note in the suitcase), given that he took from Noodles what mattered most to him - the gang's money and Deborah. Noodles refuses the offer, and he continues to refuse to acknowledge that Max is alive, still referring to him as "Secretary Bailey". Noodles explains to Bailey/Max that he feels betrayed and has felt guilty for the entire span Max was gone, which is punishment enough. He leaves through a secret passage; on the street outside Bailey's estate, he catches a glimpse of Bailey/Max standing by the road. A garbage truck [which Noodles had noticed in his earlier scouting of the mansion] drives by, the augers in the back clearly visible, suggesting (but not concluding for certain) that Bailey/Max threw himself into them to his death. As Noodles watches the red taillights of the garbage truck driving away, the lights magically turn white, and they become the headlights of a convoy of cars from the 1930s driving by the Bailey mansion playing the Kate Smith song "God Bless America", akin to celebrations from the end of Prohibition. Noodles then walks away into the night, alone. The film ends in 1933, with Noodles visiting a Chinese opium den in the immediate wake of his friends' death. Laying down after a few puffs from an opium pipe, he smiles as the closing credits roll. (It has been suggested by some fans, critics and film historians that the 1968 sequences were all part of an opium-induced dream experienced by Noodles.) 
 Ordinary People (1980)55) The accidental death of the older son of an affluent family deeply strains the relationships among the bitter mother, the good-natured father, and the guilt-ridden younger son. Beth, Calvin, and their son Conrad are living in the aftermath of the death of the other son. Conrad is overcome by grief and misplaced guilt to the extent of a suicide attempt. He is in therapy. Beth had always preferred his brother and is having difficulty being supportive to Conrad. Calvin is trapped between the two trying to hold the family together. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Teen-aged brothers and best friends Buck and Conrad Jarrett were involved in a boating accident which claimed Buck's life. Shortly thereafter, Conrad tried to commit suicide. After a four month hospitalization, Conrad is back in his upper middle class suburban Chicago home with his parents, Calvin and Beth Jarrett. The Jarretts collectively are publicly trying to get on with their lives, Conrad who is back at high school in his senior year partaking in his old activities such as the swim team and choir. But things in the Jarrett household are not all right. Although stating he is unsure why he decides to do so, Conrad restarts his psychiatric therapy outside of the hospital with a Dr. Berger. This therapy may be able to uncover the reasons for the Jarretts' collective unhappiness, and leads each to examine not only the overall family dynamic but the individual relationships with each of the other two. Huggo In Illinois, the upper-middle-class family Jarrett is living a trauma in their lives, with the loss of their beloved son Buck followed by the attempt of suicide of his younger brother Conrad. Conrad's father Calvin is a good man of few words and his mother Beth is a cold-hearted woman that loved Buck and has always been bitter and never supported Conrad, who is under therapy with Dr. Berger. The greatest concern of Beth is to live her perfect life, denying affection to her son. Conrad blames himself for the death of his brother since they were sailing in a bad weather and when one string jammed in the block, he was not able to release it, capsizing the boat. Conrad has difficulties to reestablish his relationship with his friend and quits the swimming team of his school. When Conrad meets Karen, who was interned with him in the same psychiatric clinic also for attempt suicide, he feels better. And when he dates the gorgeous student from the choir Jeannine, he begins to see the world with other eyes. But his problem of relationship with his mother associated to the death of Karen, who committed suicide, brings him back to the rock bottom and he runs to meet Dr. Berger. Will the psychiatrist succeed in helping Conrad? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil On the surface this film tells the disintegration of an upper-middle class family in Lake Forest, Illinois, following the death of the older son in a boating accident. In fact, in depth, it tells of the profound perverse narcissism of the mother, Beth, who seeks success only in the social norm of appearances and their approval by hiding behind her mother status, and who, by being blind to the psychology and feelings of her family, has installed coldness of heart, superficiality of feelings and absence of empathy as the standard way of life, in her home. As she refuses to question herself and respond to the need for love around her, finally her husband Calvin will ask her to leave. The story is mainly told through the younger son, Conrad, who suffers badly from the consequences of his mother's attitude and atmosphere in the family, by responding with guilt, depression and a suicide attempt, because, as a teenager, he does not have yet the tools to decipher this artificial superficiality and make the connections, until he is helped by a committed Dr Berger and finds his way out with his father. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Downton Abbey (20102015)431) A chronicle of the lives of the British aristocratic Crawley family and their servants in the early twentieth century. Lord Robert Crawley, Earl of Grantham (Hugh Bonneville) sees his family heritage, especially the grand country home Downton Abbey, as his mission in life. The death of his heir aboard R.M.S. Titanic means distant cousin Matthew Crawley (Dan Stevens), a Manchester lawyer, suddenly is next in line and accepts moving onto the vast estate with his even more modernist, socially engaged mother, who clashes with his Lordship's domineering, conservative mother, the dowager countess. Marrying off the daughters is another concern. Meanwhile, the butler presides over a staff which serves the family, but also lead most of their entire lives in the servants' quarters, intriguing amongst themselves. KGF Vissers The struggle of the upper classes in contrast to the people in their service pre-World War I. We struggle with them as we see their lives take shape and become part of their personal pain, anguish, joy, and sacrifice. We see clearly that we are all part of the same human condition whether we are upstairs or downstairs. Katherine Riser Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Downton Abby - a sprawling, lavish Edwardian mansion and park nestled in the lush North Yorkshire landscape - needs an heir. Dame Maggie Smith turns in a show-stopping performance as Violet, the charmingly stubborn Dowager Countess of Grantham, matriarch of Downton and the irrefutable authority on everything. Hugh Bonneville stars as her son, the stoic, unflappable Earl of Grantham; Elizabeth McGovern plays his far-sighted American wife, Cora; and a star-studded cast round out the glittering, gossipy, and beguiling men and women of this epic tale from Academy Award-winner Julian Fellowes (Gosford Park). After a tragedy at sea claims the life of the presumed heir, Lord Grantham is faced with the possibility that the house he's loved his whole life might someday belong to a distant cousin he's never met. But before he can worry about that he must deal with his scandalous daughter, Lady Mary - considered by many to be the rightful heir to Downton. Even the staff has opinions on the family's affairs. And while most are devoted to those they serve, there are others whose selfishness and scheming do more than simply disrupt the well-oiled inner workings of the estate. As the servants' mischief escalates, even the most faithful employees begin to imagine a different life. Pitting hundreds of years of British aristocracy against the tides of social upheaval and technical progress, under the looming shadow of World War I, will the fate of Downton and its family - above and below the stairs - be resolved? Or will life be altered so dramatically that its master no longer matters? 
 The Handmaid's Tale (1990)431) Under a dystopian religious tyranny, most women cannot conceive children. Those young women who can live in a form of sexual slavery to provide children for influential families. In a future dystopian land (formerly the United States of America), the story tells of Kate, a "handmaid". Kate is a criminal, guilty of the crime of trying to escape and sentenced to become a Handmaid. Handmaids' sole function is to bear the children of influential men whose wives (like most women) have been rendered infertile due to pollution. After rigorous group training by "Aunt" Lydia ("Aunts" train and discipline handmaids) in the proper way to behave, Kate is assigned as Handmaid to the Commander. Kate is attracted to Nick, the Commander's chauffeur. At the same time, a resistance movement begins to challenge the regime. Reid Gagle (updated by R.M. Sieger) Following a coup, America is a country still at war with itself and ruled by a repressive Bible-inspired regime. Past pollution means only 1% of women can bear children, and anyone committing a crime and found to be a potential mother is put into an institution run by "Aunts" to be indoctrinated. One such young woman is Kate, who is turned over to Fred, a high ranking member of the security forces, to attempt to procreate. Kate then becomes known as "Offred" (for property "of Fred"). Serena, Fred's wife, is jealous and vicious. The state's grip seems to be tightening but Kate still has her own mind and she finds some other people who are prepared to resist. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} (updated by R.M. Sieger) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens on a view of a desolate snow covered mountain scape with the words "Once upon a time in the recent future a country went wrong. The country was called The Republic of Gilead." A woman (Natasha Richardson), her husband, and their child (Blair Struble) are driving up the mountains in their car towards the border of the Republic of Gilead. They approach the border on foot as they get nearer, but are spotted by guards from the Republic before they can cross. Kate's husband is shot while trying to distract the guards so his family can escape, and she is captured and separated from her daughter. The scene cuts to a city street, where women (including Kate) are being unloaded from a back of a large truck and herded into a building. Other trucks are unloading as well, although some are full of men or black people (note: the term African American is not entirely appropriate in this context as this is not "America"). The people are organized by race, gender, and among white women, their fertility. As the women's fertility results are read aloud, one "negative" women protests and is forcefully carried away. The infertile women are forced into a large truck with the original label "livestock" crossed out and "116 female" written over top. As the truck pulls away presumably headed for the colonies, the women's arms can be seen waving for help through the slats. A group of blacks attempt to escape but are stopped and led away. The fertile women are met by Aunt Lydia, (Victoria Tennant) one of the "rulers" of the Handmaids, per say, and board a bus headed for the Red Center. The windows are painted over, but Kate can see women wearing face masks and gloves shoveling dirt and rocks (presumably contaminated) along the route through a scratch in the paint. The woman Kate sits next to, Moira (Elizabeth McGovern) asks her how long she was "in", but Kate replies she doesn't know. Kate and Moira briefly exchange reasons why they were imprisoned and we learn that Moria is lesbian, an offense which could mean being sent to the colonies, but as Moira puts it "They don't send you to the colonies if your ovaries are still jumping." The bus stops at a convent, where several nuns are forced to board as they plea with the guards that they "can't make me break my vows." At the Red Center, 3 bodies hang from the wall for crimes unexplained: one handmaid and two men. Inside the Center (which is really a converted school), the fertile women are preparing for bed in the old gymnasium by singing a hymn ending with the words "leave us empty to be filled." The women pray for God to make them fruitful, and one of the women resists by throwing her cot at one of the Aunts. She is dragged from the room screaming while the rest of the women continue the prayer. Once in bed, the women are constantly watched by cameras and patrolling Aunts. They quietly whisper their names and Kate has a flashback to the last time she saw her daughter. The next morning at breakfast the women are given a cup of pills, but Moira encourages Kate to dump the pills down her sleeve rather than take them. Later, they are banded with metal bracelets with a bar code on them. The women are given "history" lessons of their country. Aunt Lydia explains that the air was too full of chemicals and as a result only 1% of women can still bear children and those who choose not to were "lazy women, sluts". The next scene is night in the gym again, and two aunts approach the cot of a woman and escort her out. The following morning at breakfast, her screams are heard as she is led into the dining hall. Kate sees that her feet have been badly beaten (in the book it was explained that this beating was done with metal cables). Aunt Lydia says that she "hate(s) to punish her, but she abused her body." It is implied that this women masturbated, because Aunt Lydia explains that "men can't help it, but we are different. We have self control." Kate is riding in the back of a car with Aunt Lydia through the city to a potential Handmaid assignment. Aunt Lydia explains that Kate should not think of herself as equal to a Wife and it would be a great honor if she is chosen. A truck full of blacks drives past, offering a Holocaust-like scene of the rounding-up of "filthy" people. Kate is introduced to Serena Joy (Fey Dunaway) who explains the relationship between Wives and Handmaids. Serena tells Kate that she has to truly want to have a baby in order for the situation to work and that they "could help each other." Back at the Red Center, the women engage in a cruel pseudo-therapy session. Aunt Lydia asks Janine (Traci Lind) to explain why the past was horrible. Janine recounts a story of how she was gang raped at a party at the age of 14 and had an abortion as a result. The women gasp in shock/ horror at the thought of an abortion and Janine explains that "it wasn't my fault, my mother wouldn't let me have the baby." It is evident that the women have already been at least partially brainwashed to believing the Republic of Gildead's philosophy on pregnancy and abortion. The Aunts ask the group of women who's fault it really was, and who led the boys on to which they respond "her fault!" and "she did!". Those few in the group who are not already adamant in assigning blame to Janine (including Kate and Moira) are prodded until they agree. At the end of the session Janine breaks down into tears and says she "didn't mean to do it" and that she "deserves the pain." Kate observes that she's "going crazy" and Moira says they're "in a loony bin." Kate and Moira meet in the bathroom, where Moira reveals she has a plan to escape by pretending to be sick and bribing the ambulance attendants with sexual favors. Kate and the other women receive their official Handmaid clothing: red dresses with black socks and a red veil. While they are dressing, Janine believes she is back in her old life as a waitress and keeps asking if anyone would like coffee. It isn't until Moira physically slaps her that she realizes where she actually is. At the church, the Handmaids stand while the Wives sit. The clergy man tell the Handmaids that they are going out to "fulfill their lives for the greater glory of God." He recounts the "widespread folly of womenkind" including "sexual promiscuity, widespread abortion, birth control, test tube babies, and genetic engineering" Moira turns around to look at Kate, then collapses to the floor, apparently unconscious. As the Handmaid's are covered with their red veils, the clergy man says "the Old Testament shall be our sole and only constitution." Here Kate has another flashback to the moment her husband was shot. In the car on the way to her placement, Kate makes eye contact with the Commander's driver, Nick (Aidan Quinn), though she is not supposed to look at other men. At the house, Kate is shown her room, and Serena explains that Kate's new name is Offred (Fred is the name of the Commander (Robert Duvall), so her name is "of Fred") In the room, the lower plates of window glass have been painted over, and the mirror in the bathroom is as well. Once again, Kate sees her daughter searching for her in the snow at the border. Kate and Serena watch the news while waiting of the Commander to come home. The news explains how the war is going, and that fertile women are the Republic's "most precious resource." The news anchor says "we are weeding our the traitors. We are weeding out the Godless. We are winning God's fight." The Commander arrives and performs the ceremony with Serena and Kate/Offred. He reads from the book of Genesis chapter 30. It is here that the true purpose of Handmaids is revealed; husbands have sex with them in an attempt to conceive where they could not with their own wives. Kate lies on a bed between Serena's legs while the Commander has sex with her. (The idea being that a husband is not being unfaithful to his wife if she is present) The actual sex is emotionless for the Commander, painful for Kate, and emotionally difficult for Serena. Once back in her room, Kate strips off her clothing and splashes water on herself in the bathroom. She climbs on a chair so that she can see out of the un-painted part of the window. Nick, who lives in the carriage house across the way, sees her naked body in the window and warns her to "get out of there." Kate goes shopping of the household with Ofglen who lives nearby. The food is purchased with ration cards, and Ofglen is excited to see oranges at the store. Apparently getting food from California and Florida is difficult due to rebel interference. On the street, a Wife and her pregnant Handmaid Ofwarren (formally known as Janine) are applauded. One night Kate finds it difficult to sleep and goes downstairs, where she find a pair of scissors in Serena's knitting basket. Just as she picks them up, Nick comes into the room. The two begin to kiss earnestly, but then Nick tell her that she is supposed to go to the Commander's office the next night and abruptly leaves. The next morning, Kate passes Nick as he is washing the car. He greets her pleasantly, but she doesn't say anything to her. Kate asks Ofglen what happened to the previous Offred, but Ofglen never met her. The Commander asks Serena how Kate is working out, and tells her that he wants her to be happy. That night, Nick escorts Kate to the study, where surprisingly the Commander explains that he only wants to get to know her better by playing Scrabble. It is revealed that Kate was a librarian in the time when women were still allowed to work. The Commander then says that he'll be gone for a week in which time Kate will return to the Red Center. Serena says she could find out what happened to Kate's daughter, under the implication that Kate successfully conceive. On the drive back to the Red Center, Kate and Nick make eye contact in the review mirror again. Kate is examined to see if she's pregnant and the doctor suggests that the Commander is sterile and offers his help to get her to conceive. It is also revealed that the ceremonies haven't been occurring during the time when Kate is most likely to get pregnant. She is told that she has one more month before she is up for reassessment. In the gym, Janine talks about her pregnancy (she is now called Ofwarren). Kate sees Moira, who's plan to escape didn't work. That night, Moira tells Aunt Lydia that one of the toilets is overflowing and she overpowers Aunt Lydia while Kate helps her steal her clothes and bind, gag, and blindfold her. Moira ties Aunt Lydia to a toilet puts on her clothing, and walks away. Aunt Lydia never actually saw Kate, so she isn't blamed for the kidnapping. Back at the Commander's house, Kate beats Fred at cards and he gives her Vogue and Cosmopolitan magazines. Kate is confused as to why the Commander has them, seeing as they're banned, but he says that he's "mature" enough as to not be "confused" by them. Kate asks him for lotion for her hands, and he agrees. At the next ceremony, the Commander acts affectionate towards Kate, leading Serena to be suspicious. Kate later pleads with the Commander not to put her in danger, but he doesn't seem to care for her situation even though they've been spending time together. The Commander reveals that the last Handmaid couldn't conceive so she hung herself. Serena suggests that Kate try to have a baby with Nick. Kate goes to Nick's room above the carriage house that night, and they joke about how she's "come to do her duty for the fatherland." Nick kisses her and carries her to the bed where they undress each other and have, for lack of better words, far more passionate sex than the sex in the ceremony. Meanwhile, Serena watches an old video of herself singing on a television program. Kate tells Nick her real name (he only knew her as Offred). The next morning, Kate is in a happy mood for once. She greets the maid Rita (Lucile McIntyre) with "Good morning" and says "it's a beautiful day" rather than with an accepted Gilead greeting, as though having a normal (by our current society's standards) sexual encounter made her question other aspects in her new life. Her good mood is dimmed however, when she learns that her daughter is alive and well, but that she can never see her. That night, she goes to visit Nick and explains that she doesn't know what to do about her daughter, and he attempts to console her. Ofwarren is going into labor, so the birth mobile comes to take Kate and the rest of the Handmaid's to the birthing ceremony. At the ceremony, a band plays and the wives dance while the Handmaids do breathing exercises with Ofwarren. The wives talk rudely about the Handmaids, calling them tramps, and hoping the birth will hurry up because they "haven't got all night." Kate sees a group of young girls about her daughter's age and reveals to Ofglen that her daughter is "living with people like these." While Ofwarren gives birth, the Wife is sitting next to her and when the baby comes, the Wife hold Ofwarren down so that she can't see the baby. The Wife walks out of the birthing room with the baby while Ofwarren is left alone. Kate helps console her, as Ofwarren is clearly upset. Ofglen tells Kate that she isn't alone, and to study the Commander in order to find out more about him. Kate asks the Commander why he does what does, and he says that the country was in a mess because all the "garbage had risen to the top, blacks, homo, people on welfare, women. We had to clean it up because nobody knew how to feel anymore." The next scene is a "salvaging". A group of Handmaids get off a bus looking excited and walk towards a field in front of a church. The Wives and maids are there as well. A scaffold is across fro the church and the handmaids kneel next to a rope leading up to the scaffold. Aunt Lydia explains that the Handmaid on the scaffold has been found guilty of seduction and fornication with a member of the medical staff. A bag and then the noose is placed over the woman's neck and the Handmaid's pull on the rope, effectively killing her. The Wives and maids sitting in the bleachers nearby give a standing ovation. Aunt Lydia commands the Handmaids to form a circle and a badly beaten man is brought onto the field. Aunt Lydia explains that he raped the Handmaid, and the Handmaids become animal-like and literally tear the man apart. Neither Kate nor Ofglen take part, and Ofglen explains that the man was actually a political member of the rebel group. Ofwarren/ Janine walks by with blood on her face carrying a piece of the man's scalp. She has reverted to her waitress past once again, and tells the women to "Have a nice day." Ofglen reveals that she too is part of the political group and that Kate may be called on to kill the Commander. One night, the Commander gives Kate an old-time dress (seductive rather than religious) and a boa. He takes her to a club of sorts, where there is banned music and women dressed in far more seductive outfits than Kate's. The Commander orders drinks for Kate and himself (alcohol is supposed to banned as well). He says the women used to be professionals and that they chose to work as prostitutes rather than "the alternatives." Kate sees Moira and the two meet in the bathroom. Moira explains that she got caught at the border trying to escape and that she was given the choice of going to the colonies or working at the "club". She tries to pass it off that she doesn't find it there; free drugs, free booze, having sex with other women again, but Kate notices that Moira's left had is prosthetic. Moira explains that she was "worked over a little bit" and reminds Kate of Gilead's theory that women don't need their hands or feet. The Commander tells Kate that she's better as a "lucky ducky than a dead ducky." Then he takes Kate to a room where they have sex. Back at the house, Nick is mad with Kate for going with the Commander, but she explains that she didn't really have a choice. Kate tells him that she's pregnant with his child and begs him to run away with her, but he doesn't give her a straight answer. In her room, Kate finds a note that says "10 pm tomorrow" along with the switch blade, presumably from Ofglen. The next morning she finds that Ofglen has been replaced and she's not sure how to kill the Commander. Serena confronts Kate about the previous night because she finds the boa that Kate wore to the club. Kate knows Serena could have her sent to the colonies so she decides to go through with the plan of killing the Commander. Kate goes down to the Commander's study and begs him to help her, but he claims it's out of his hands. When he tries to kiss her, Kate slits his throat with the switch blade. As the Commander bleeds to death, Kate runs upstairs to her room but a van full of armed guards comes to the house. They escort Kate downstairs, but meet Serena in the hallway. She is slightly suspicious that they are they because she says she didn't call for them. Nick implies that Kate has killed the Commander and hauls her out of the house. In the van, he explains that the "guards" and he are actually part of Mayday, a rebel group. Nick removes Kate's tracking bracelet and tells her that the men will take her to a safe place. She wants him to come with her, but he says he has to stay. The scene cuts to a news broadcast, which explains that a 24 hour curfew is in effect and that door to door searches are being done to find the assassin (Kate). Several months later we see a very pregnant Kate living in a trailer in the mountains. Her voice over ends the movie "I don't know if this is the end for me or a new beginning but I'm safe here in the mountains held by the rebels. They bring me food and sometimes a message from Nick. And so I wait. I wait for my baby to be born into a different world. I still dream about Jill. About them telling her I don't exist. Or that I never existed. But I know we're going to find her. She will remember me." 