nm0002930:

 The Legend of Cryin' Ryan (1998)Summaries In a small town, young girl called Kris and her best friend Kevin must help the restless spirit of a young bully killed 40 years ago find out who killed him so he can find peace and go to Heaven. A young girl named Kris gets caught playing hide and go seek in the cemetery by Mr. Collins, the superstitious caretaker. While running from Mr. Collins, she accidentally trips and knocks over the tombstone of the legendary town bully, Cryin' Ryan Greene. Mr Collins tells Kris that by knocking over Ryan's tombstone she has set the spirit free and must now find it and put it back or suffer the same fate as the murdered boy did over forty years ago. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sid and Nancy (1986)431) The relationship between Sid Vicious , bassist for British punk group Sex Pistols , and his girlfriend Nancy Spungen is portrayed. Morbid biographical story of Sid Vicious, bassist with British punk group the Sex Pistols, and his girlfriend Nancy Spungen. When the Sex Pistols break up after their fateful US tour, Vicious attempts a solo career while in the grip of heroin addiction. One morning, Nancy is found stabbed to death and Sid is arrested for her murder. Alexander Lum <aj_lum@postoffice. utas.edu. au> Based on the true story of Sid Vicious, bass player for the legendary punk rock band "The Sex Pistols", and his girlfriend Nancy Spungen. Their the music of the Sex Pistols, their relationship was always volatile. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs. uq. oz. au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens on 12 October 1978, with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious (Gary Oldman) out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen (Chloe Webb). Sid is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. Police officers become frustrated when Sid is visibly troubled and unable to speak. A little more than a year earlier, in 1977, close friends and band members Sid and Johnny Rotten (Andrew Schofield) meet Nancy, a heroin-addicted groupie who had come to London to bed the Sex Pistols. Sid dismisses her at first, as her sexual intentions are obvious, but begins dating her after feeling sympathy for the rejection she faces from fellow punk stars and after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Sid's relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up on 17 January 1978, in the midst of a disastrous American tour which features Sid strung out of his mind, often drunk or on meth, and physically violent. Although several of his friends and acquaintances warn him of Nancy's devastating effect on his life, Sid stubbornly ignores these warnings. Sid, now living in New York, attempts to start a solo career with Nancy as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Nancy are heavily addicted to heroin, and Nancy has spiraled into a deep depression. Sid loses interest in Nancy sexually and wants out of a suicide pact he made with her. Their love affair ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Sid announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England to re-start his life, a suicidal Nancy begs him to kill her. She attacks him and they fight in a drug-induced haze, leading to him stabbing her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Nancy awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Sid is bailed out temporarily by his mother who is also a heroin addict. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. Some time later, a taxi picks Sid up and he believes he finds Nancy alive in the back seat. The two embrace as the cab drives off. A postscript says that Vicious died of an intentional heroin overdose, and he now shares a grave with Nancy. Their gravestone reads: "R.I.P. Nancy and Sid." 
 V.I.P. (19982002)Summaries A team of 5, 3 professional bodyguards, a receptionist and the ex hot dog vendor and figurehead, Vallery/ Pamela Anderson , make up Vallery Irons Protection/VIP, bodyguards for celebrities. Campy syndicated series about Vallery Irons, a girl working at a hotdog stand who accidently saves a celebrity and is mistaken for a bodyguard. She and a team of beautiful bodyguards form a bodyguard agency called V.I.P., which stands for Vallery Irons Protection. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ballistic (1995)Summaries Jesse Gavin is no ordinary policewoman; she knows how to handle herself in any situation. She's an undercover cop, part of an elite police team and highly skilled in lethal martial arts! After a government witness she was supposed to protect is killed, she is suspended from the force. The next day her partner is found dead. Has she been set up? With the help of the two men closest to her heart, her boyfriend and her father, she must battle to clear her name. The deeper she delves, the deadlier the game becomes. There is no denying, she's Ballistic! Imperial Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 