nm0008873:

 Hey Bartender (2013)Summaries Two bartenders try to achieve their dreams through bartending. An injured Marine turns his goals to becoming a principal bartender at the best cocktail bar in the world. A young man leaves his white-collar job to buy the corner bar in his hometown years later he struggles to keep afloat. The bar is three deep and the bartenders are in the weeds at the greatest cocktail party since before Prohibition. Hey Bartender is the story of the rebirth of the bartender and the comeback of the cocktail. Featuring the world's most renowned bartenders and access to the most exclusive bars in New York with commentary from Graydon Carter, Danny Meyer and Amy Sacco. 4th Row Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Monet's Palate: A Gastronomic View from the Gardens of Giverny (2004)Summaries Monet's Palate is a documentary which examines the connection between fine art and fine cuisine as seen through the eyes of Claude Monet. Meryl Streep's opening narration takes the viewer through the region of Normandy in France and Monet's Home and Gardens. The greatest Chefs of the world including Alice Waters, Daniel Boulud, Roger Verge, Anne Willan and Michel Richard, prepare the cuisine Claude Monet adored. Interviews include Steve Wynn and Joachim Pissarro. Aileen Bordman <AFBINC@earthlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Smile Like Yours (1997)Summaries Greg Kinnear plays a carriage-shy husband in a romantic comedy about a couple trying to conceive a child. A childless couple attempting to conceive discover that his sperm are "lazy". Several trips to a fertility clinic prove fruitless. Also, the wife had surreptitiously quit taking the pill and provided her doctor with a sperm sample before the husband agreed to start trying to have a baby. The deception alienates the husband for a time. To compound things, a female architect has the hots for the husband and lures him out of town on business at exactly the wrong time. Tony Berkoff <aberkoff@hq.caci.com> Married San Franciscans Danny and Jennifer Robertson, a construction foreman and independent perfumer respectively, are madly in love with each other, and have an active and healthy sex life, in part, for especially Danny, in having no pressure to have a baby, the two who have agreed to let it happen naturally whenever they do decide they are ready to become parents. But when Jennifer starts surprising Danny at the most unexpected of times donning her latest provocative fragrance enticing him into having impromptu sex, Danny's best friend and married co-worker, Steve Harris, believes Jennifer is really and secretly trying to get pregnant, which is indeed the truth. Danny finally comes to the realization of Jennifer wanting to become pregnant when she unilaterally starts doing some house renovations for a nursery. But when Jennifer doesn't become pregnant a couple of months into "officially" trying, she is able to convince Danny that they should consult a fertility specialist. The initial prognosis is that their ability to conceive naturally is low, resulting in they going into expensive fertility treatments. But secrets kept leading to this point result in some misunderstandings that may threaten their marriage in its entirety. Those misunderstandings center primarily around Jennifer and her business partner/best friend Nancy Tellen in negotiations to sell that latest fragrance to a corporation, the lead negotiator for that corporation being Richard Halstrom, and Danny's dealings with Lindsay Hamilton, the architect for the skyscraper on which he is currently working, Lindsay, a seductive female, who is seemingly maneuvering their professional relationship into the realm of the personal. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cocktails with Tony Abou-Ganim (2004 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 