nm0005040:

 Wild Wild West (1999)651) The two best special agents in the Wild West must save President Grant from the clutches of a diabolical, wheelchair-bound, steampunk-savvy, Confederate scientist bent on revenge for losing the Civil War. Jim West is a guns-a-blazing former Civil War hero. Artemus Gordon is an inventive U.S. Marshal who excels in disguise. When the United States is threatened by psychotic Confederate Arliss Loveless, President Ulysses S Grant teams the duo up to bring him to justice. On a hazard-packed train journey from Washington, D.C. to Utah, West and Gordon must combine their skills to best Loveless and his diabolical machines. Chris Turner <theaten@earthlink.net> and J. Kyle Legless Southern inventor Dr. Arliss Loveless plans to rekindle the Civil War by assassinating President Ulysses S. Grant. Only two men can stop him: gunfighter James West and master-of-disguise and inventor Artemus Gordon. The two must team up to thwart Loveless' plans. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> One day in the wild, wild west, a famous scientist is found dead. Or better: Decapitated by a devilish device, as it seems. Special Agent Artemus Gordon, quite inventive himself, finds out about the man's last sight and is forced to team up with James West, a man who relys on nothing but his gun. They first suspect General "Bloodbath" McGrath to be responsible for the killing, but as he's not bright enough to invent the flying decapitation device himself, a more evil mastermind behind the scenery is soon proven to exist. Dr. Arliss Loveless, who, by the way, has kidnapped the nation's best scientists, seems to plan on taking a major part of the country as his personal property. But Dr. Loveless did not spend enough thoughts about possible intervention from two men, who may get a little distracted by the sudden appearance of beautiful Rita Escobar, daughter to one of the abducted scientists. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> When a body is found and the killer is identified as General "Bloodbath" McGrath, Captain James West is sent to find him. Thanks to U.S. Marshal Artemus Gordon, who was also on the case, McGrath manages to escape. Discovering that the legless Dr. Arliss Loveless is the real villain behind everything, West and Gordon must work together to track Loveless down. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in Louisiana in 1869. A man fitted with a magnetic collar runs through a forest trying to escape a large spinning saw blade flying through the air. The saw blade eventually catches the man and decapitates him. From the decapitated man's perspective, we see another man in a Confederate Army general's uniform seize the saw blade, which is engraved with a large emblem of a tarantula. In a town called Morgan, West Virginia, Army Captain James West ( Will Smith ), hides out in a half-filled water tower. While he has a romantic evening with a beautiful woman named Belle ( Garcelle Beauvais ), he sees a small unit of Confederate soldiers arrive and load up a wagon with boxes of nitroglycerin. West remarks that he'd been waiting for the men for a week and that they're under the command of General "Bloodbath" McGrath, the man who'd retrieved the saw blade. The horses attached to the wagon become jumpy and cause the wagon to weaken the already rickety water tower, spilling West, naked, into the storehouse where the men are taking the nitro. West battles with them briefly, retrieves his clothes and jumps onto the wagon (which has no driver now). He finally takes control of the wagon, which almost goes over a cliff overlooking a saloon called Fat-Can-Candy's, or Fat-Can's. West sees that McGrath is in Fat-Can's. Meanwhile, in the saloon, McGrath ( Ted Levine ) draws the attention of two burlesque performers. One of them, Rita Escobar ( Salma Hayek ), is pushed aside by Artemis Gordon ( Kevin Kline ), who wears a drag disguise. After Gordon sings "Sons of the South" for McGrath and his men, McGrath drags him upstairs. They pass a room where a bundle obviously containing a struggling man is being tended to by McGrath's men and into an empty bedroom. McGrath wears a trumpet style hearing aid because he lost his ear at Chickamauga. Gordon hypnotizes McGrath with a belt buckle equipped with two swirling wheels and begins to question him about missing scientists, including Dr. Escobar. McGrath responds like a dog until the wheels begin to fail and his hypnosis is broken. At that moment, West bursts in through the window and punches McGrath, who falls stunned to the floor. West tries to dismiss Gordon, saying he's going to execute McGrath. McGrath wakes up and charges West, knocking them through the wall and into the next room. McGrath then runs out of the room, joining his men carrying the bundle. West and Gordon get in each other's way trying to apprehend McGrath, so McGrath and his men escape with the scientist. West identifies himself as being with the U.S. Army, while Gordon identifies himself as a U.S. Marshal. While West and Gordon argue about who has the authority to arrest McGrath, in a nearby carriage, Dr. Arliss Loveless ( Kenneth Branagh ) watches the scene, while his assistant, Miss Lippenrieder ( Sofia Eng ), reads their lips. Loveless releases the wagon carrying the nitro, letting it roll down the hill, directly into the saloon, where it explodes. West rides to the White House a few days later and meets with President Ulysses S. Grant (Gordon in disguise) in the Oval Office. West reports that his efforts to arrest McGrath were thwarted by another agent, Gordon. Grant begins to praise the talents of Gordon when West draws his revolver and points it at him, calling him an impostor. Gordon insists that he is the president and West shoots at the ceiling of the room. Gordon admits that he'd been posing as Grant; West tells him that he noticed Gordon's Harvard class ring, which should have been a West Point emblem. The real Grant (also Kevin Kline ) enters the office and tells the two they'll be working together on a new mission for him. Grant shows them his intelligence room, where he states that the nation's top scientists in physics, hydraulics, and explosives have been kidnapped by McGrath, and that West and Gordon have been working on the same case. Grant shows them a note that tells them that an unidentified despot is using the kidnapped scientists to develop a new weapons system far more advanced than any in existence. The conditions are the surrender of the United States government within one week. The note came with a cake of the White House infested with tarantulas, apparently from McGrath. Grant gives West and Gordon one week to track down the mysterious enemy. The two travel in a specially equipped train, the Wanderer. On the way, Gordon makes use of the head of the man killed by the giant saw blade, Dr. Thaddeus Morton ( Michael Sims ), whose retinas are imprinted with the last image he saw, General McGrath. The image also shows that in McGrath's coat pocket is an invitation to a costume ball in the Garden District of New Orleans. When they arrive in New Orleans, the two have a brief argument about how to infiltrate the ball undetected. West chooses to simply dress like he always does and sneak in. Gordon opts for the costume of a Russian frontiersman. At the ball, West watches McGrath from a distance upstairs. West fools Dr. Loveless's personal assistant Mae Lee East ( Bai Ling ), who thinks his uniform is a costume. When the party officially begins, a large papier-mch head of Abraham Lincoln is brought out and explodes. Arliss Loveless emerges in a steam-powered wheelchair and announces his return after a horrible accident involving explosives that claimed his legs and most of his internal organs. Arliss is throwing the party for foreign dignitaries that have funded his operations. Loveless sees West at the party, knowing he wasn't invited and the two banter in masked racial and "short" epithets. Loveless also tells West that he hasn't had any recent contact with General McGrath. Moments later, Loveless takes McGrath to his study and tells him to meet him at Malheureux Point on a nearby lake, where he'll equip McGrath with a cache of new weaponry for him and his men. West, who had been listening to them outside the room, is able to determine the meeting location but Miss East discovers him there. She tries to seduce West long enough for a man hiding in a mural behind him to kill him. West dodges, causing the man to miss and kill Miss East instead. West opens fire on every other mural in the room, killing several would-be assassins also hiding in the paintings. In the ballroom, West dances with a woman who he assumes to be Gordon in disguise and tells her that he's going to the meeting point given to McGrath. When West touches her supposed fake breasts, Gordon encourages the crowd to hang him, even throwing them a rope. Gordon steals into another room of the mansion and finds Rita Escobar in a giant cage, and tells her that he's looking for missing scientists. She tells him that Loveless has them working in his dungeon. Gordon frees her and tells her that the dungeon has been cleared of its captives. Outside, West tries to talk his way out of a lynching. When Gordon and Rita roll by in a wagon, West uses the rope (made of rubber), to launch himself onto the wagon. Rita explains to West and Gordon that she's not really an entertainer, but is looking for her father Guillermo Escobar, a scientist. West detaches one of the horses and rides off to Malheureux Point. On an ironclad floating on the lake, McGrath speaks with Loveless and the foreign dignitaries from the ball. McGrath's men have assembled on the shore of the lake and are waiting for their leader when a heavily armed iron tank rolls out of the water and stops in the middle of the crowd. It opens fire with Gatling guns, flamethrowers and cannons, rotating 180 degrees and killing all of McGrath's men. From the warship, McGrath accuses Loveless of betrayal, but Loveless counters that McGrath and General Lee betrayed him when they surrendered; Loveless also tells McGrath that he is testing the effectiveness of the weapon the kidnapped scientists developed, and tells his assistants to check the timing of reloads and deaths and to calibrate the deadly machine. McGrath orders Loveless to stop at gunpoint, but Loveless shoots him with a gun hidden in his wheelchair and orders his body thrown overboard. He addresses his foreign benefactors, telling them that if they're interested in purchasing the weapons technology he's demonstrated, that they should meet him in his Utah retreat, Spider Canyon. On the lakeshore, West, Gordon, and Rita find McGrath's slaughtered men lie slaughtered. Gordon and Rita wonder what could have killed all the men and West relates a story he'd heard about a large, armored vehicle that killed all the residents of a freed slave community called New Liberty in Illinois. McGrath, mortally wounded, somehow made it to shore and tells West that Loveless is responsible for the deaths of his men and the people of New Liberty. He dies before he can tell West where Loveless has gone. Rita says that she'd overheard some of Loveless's women talking about the desert and a place called "OO-tah", which Gordon and West recognize as Utah. They make Coleman (the Wanderer's engineer) take them there immediately. They decide to leave Rita behind due to the danger, but she gets inside the train anyway by using the train's gadgets. Rita tells West and Gordon that she overhead the foreign dignitaries discussing the Louisiana Purchase and Queen Isabella. She also flirts with West, Gordon, and Coleman. The men decide to take her along, despite the distraction she might create. The Wanderer catches up to Loveless's train, but they lose the scientist when they pass through a tunnel. Loveless's train, equipped with huge hydraulic spider's legs, had been able to hide while the Wanderer passed it. Loveless's train then follows the Wanderer and opens fire on it. West tries to make use of "The Egressor" (a small rail-cart) that will allow him to board Loveless's train, but the cable attaching it breaks and he has to use Gordon's rubber rope. When one of Loveless's men attacks West, he uses a blade Gordon built into his shoe to kill the man. He stuffs the man's body in the train's smokestack, disabling it. Meanwhile, Loveless has stopped the Wanderer with a giant grappling missile. When West boards the Wanderer, Rita assumes it's Loveless and knocks all three of them out with Gordon's sleeping gas billiard ball. Loveless commandeers the Wanderer and takes them prisoner, and takes Rita for himself. Loveless outfits Gordon and West with the same collars as Dr. Morton and places them in a wire-fenced patch of ground near a cornfield. Loveless takes the Wanderer and rides off, telling them he'll be at Spider Canyon and later at Promontory Point, Utah. Gordon finds a note in his pocket saying that the wired area is Loveless's experimental prison camp for "political dissidents" and that if they remain within the wire, they'll live. West foolhardily steps outside the barrier and the magnetic collar on his neck activates a nearby machine, which throws two giant saw blades at them. The blades are attracted to powerful magnets in the collars and both are force to run. They're finally able to force the saw blades to collide when they jump into a nearby crevice of muck. After several mishaps with the magnetic collars, Gordon sees his toolkit floating in the water. He realizes he had his toolkit in his pocket the entire time and removes the magnetic collars. The two begin a long hike to Spider Canyon. While camping in the desert at night, Gordon notices that West is skilled enough to live in the desert. West explains that he'd become a fugitive slave when he was a boy and was raised by Native Americans. Gordon notices a tarantula on West's hand, and he lets it go. A desert wasp promptly attacks the spider, and West tells Gordon the wasp will kill the spider and lay its eggs inside the spider. West tells Gordon that he saw his parents again at the camp at New Liberty. Gordon pledges to help West get Loveless. As the two continue on, Gordon carries one of the magnetic collars because he thinks the high-powered magnet could be useful. The collar suddenly pulls him to the right and stops when it connects to a buried set of railroad tracks. The rail line leads directly to Spider Canyon where they find the Wanderer. In the canyon below, they see Loveless's private fortress. Moments later, Loveless appears driving an 80-foot tall mechanical tarantula, fully armored and powered by coal and hydraulics. When a large group of rocks blocks it from moving, the contraption shoots giant fireballs, which destroy the rocks. Gordon and West load up using the Wanderer's arsenal and ride on horseback after Loveless. Loveless rides his machine to Promontory Point where President Grant attends the spike driving ceremony of the First Transcontinental Railroad. Loveless demands the unconditional surrender of the nation to the "Loveless Alliance". Grant refuses so Loveless uses his fire cannon to destroy Grant's train. Suddenly, another Grant (Gordon in disguise) appears and tells Loveless that the real Grant is an impostor and tries to dismiss him. Meanwhile, West has scaled one of the spider's legs, but Loveless's woman Munitia shoots him. Loveless takes both Gordon and Grant prisoner and he returns to his fortress. West wakes up later, alive because he was wearing Gordon's chain-mail vest that stopped the bullet. At the fortress, Loveless announces to his foreign allies that the United States will be divided up among them and himself, with Spain, Great Britain, Mexico, and France having their former territorial claims to the continent restored. Meanwhile, West returns to the Wanderer and finds it stripped of all its weapons. The only gun left is a single-shot Derringer hidden in a belt buckle. Loveless orders the execution of Gordon when Grant refuses to sign the surrender. An exotic dancing girl, West in drag, appears and begins to tempt Loveless. West passes the tiny pistol to Gordon and activates a flamethrower built into the dress. Loveless orders West killed and he escapes to his mechanical spider with the president. West then rolls an incendiary 8-ball at Loveless's men, and Rita and her father are able to escape. Gordon and West regroup and, inspired by Da Vinci's flying machine and the desert wasp, formulate a plan to attack the spider using a mechanical bicycle outfitted with wings. Coleman tells them he is a U.S. Marshal and gives them firebombs made from gunpowder, nitroglycerin, and 44-caliber primers. Though the contraption seems destined to fail, it works when Gordon pilots it off a cliff. Loveless again asks Grant to sign the surrender, but destroys a town with the mechanical spider when Grant refuses. Gordon and West fly to the spider and begin to drop the bombs on it. Munitia, firing a Gatling gun, shoots them out of the sky and they crash land on deck of the spider. Loveless's women take them to Loveless, where he offers them a deal to join his alliance. West refuses, so Loveless drops him to the engine room through a trap door. West battles hand-to-hand with several of Loveless's henchmen and defeats them, drawing Loveless to the engine room. West kicks Loveless and disables his wheelchair. Loveless reveals a set of mechanical spider legs underneath his wheelchair and pummels West and pins him to the floor. Gordon disarms and defeats Loveless's women on the upper deck, then shoots the small Derringer at Loveless. Gordon misses Loveless but hits one of the hydraulic lines of his mechanical legs, causing Loveless to sink to the floor. Loveless climbs back into his wheelchair and shoots at West with a double-barreled pistol built into the wheelchair. West dodges, and the shot hits the steam pipes. The giant tarantula loses power and goes over a cliff, catching a rock outcropping that stops it on the edge. The impact throws West and Loveless out the front and they dangle from a chain above a deep canyon. After challenging West for being "yellow" and a "boy", West pulls the lever on Loveless's wheelchair and the two men plummet. West catches the end of the chain and Loveless falls into the canyon. Back at Promontory Point, Grant tells West and Gordon that he's forming a new government presidential protection service called the Secret Service. West and Gordon are agents One and Two. He also takes the Wanderer to return to Washington, leaving West to use Loveless's spider. Rita reveals that Professor Escobar is not her father, but is her husband. West and Gordon ride the spider into the sun. 
 Hot Tub Time Machine (2010)431) A malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort takes a man back to 1986 with his two friends and nephew, where they must relive a fateful night and not change anything to make sure the nephew is born. Three friends on losing streaks: Adam, whose girlfriend dumped him, Nick, with a dead-end job and a cheating wife, and Lou, a suicidal alcoholic. To help Lou recover from car-exhaust poisoning, Adam and Nick, with Adam's nephew Jacob, go to a winter resort that was their old party place. It's now a dump, but the lads rally for a night of drinking in the hot tub. Somehow, the hot tub takes them back to 1986, on a fateful night for each of them. Maybe if they do everything the same way they did that night, they'll get back to the future so Jacob can be born. There are serious temptations to do things differently. Will they make it back to their sorry lives? And what about Jacob? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Forty-somethings Adam Yates, Nick Webber and Lou Dorchen have been friends since they were teenagers, and even though they have each other's contact information, they, as adults, don't like to associate with each other now, and often ignore especially Lou's attempts to keep in touch. Their lives haven't turned out very well. Adam, who wants to be in love, has just been acrimoniously dumped by the latest in a long string of girlfriends. His twenty-three year old nephew, Jacob, lives in his basement since Jacob's single mother, Adam's sister Kelly, is a deadbeat. Nick once had a promising musical career, but gave that up for his wife Courtney, who rules the family. Nick now works in a dead end job in a doggie spa. And Lou lives a reckless life as an overgrown adolescent. Because of an accident which almost takes Lou's life - which the authorities believe was an attempted suicide despite Lou's denials - Adam, Nick and Jacob decide to treat Lou to a vacation weekend to Kodiak Valley, a ski resort the three friends often frequented during happier times in their life. The resort has seen better days. But they're happy that they manage to get the same hotel room they had twenty-four years earlier during Winterfest '86. After taking a dip in the hot tub in their room, they miraculously awaken back to that Winterfest with all the knowledge of their adult lives. The one person who seems to know what's going on is the hot tub maintenance man, who implies that they have to recreate their lives on that 1986 Winterfest vacation so as not to upset the future before they can be sent forward to the present. That premonition is most important to Jacob, who believes that any change to their structure will result in him not being born. But Adam, Nick and Lou have problems adhering to many of the less pleasant incidents of that vacation. But if adhering to what they did in 1986 won't change the future, they may come to the realization that making certain changes may result in a better life for themselves than the first time around, the consequences be damned. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2010, three friends are dissatisfied with their lives. Adam (John Cusack) has been dumped by yet another girlfriend, and his video-game-obsessed nephew Jacob (Clark Duke) lives in his basement. Lou (Rob Corddry) is a party guy way past his prime who is divorced and his family wants nothing to do with him. Lou has also failed in several investments and is debt-ridden as a result. Nick (Craig Robinson) has a dead-end job at a dog spa and a controlling wife named Courtney (Kellee Stewart) who is allegedly having an affair. Lou almost dies from carbon monoxide poisoning in what his friends think is a suicide attempt. Adam and Nick impulsively take him and Jacob to the site of some of their most memorable weekends, the Kodiak Valley Ski Resort, "where no one got carded and everyone got laid". However, upon arrival they see that Kodiak Valley has fallen on the same hard times as the four men. Upon arriving, they encounter Phil, a one-armed bellman (Crispin Glover). During a crazy night of drinking in a hot tub, they spill a can of an illegal Russian energy drink called "Chernobly" (named in reference to Chernobyl, Ukraine) on the hot tub's controls. The next day, they wake up in 1986. They can see each other as their 2010 age and appearances, but in their reflections and to other people, they appear as they did in 1986. Jacob, who has not even been born yet, somehow is still a full-grown man as he was in his 2010 state. They arrive during "Winterfest '86," the weekend when Poison played to a huge crowd at the then-thriving Kodiak Resort. At first, the guys do not think that they have traveled back in time but are convinced when they find out that Michael Jackson is still black, and discover that Phil, the bellman has both arms. It is a time that was hard on the group. Adam broke up with his first girlfriend and got stabbed in the eye with a fork. Adam's sister, Kelly, conceived Jacob with an unknown father. Lou was beaten up by Blaine, the ski patrol bully, and none of his friends came to his aid. Nick's show ended in disaster with his band at an open mic contest. The four are at first concerned that if they change even the slightest thing in this time, it could have drastic consequences in the future (based on a tenuous understanding of the Ray Bradbury short story, "A Sound of Thunder"), they set out to do exactly what they did 24 years ago. Believing he must do everything the same as before, Nick has sex with a girl named Tara (Jessica Par), but feels extremely guilty over being unfaithful to Courtney as his marriage to her occurred before the time travel. Later, they decide that this may be a chance to change their destinies. When Jacob begins to flicker in and out of existence, he warns the guys that if they continue what they're doing, then he may be wiped out of existence. A mysterious hot tub repairman (Chevy Chase) informs Jacob that the key to their time travel was the Chernobly, which contains chemicals that are vital to the time travel process. However, the Chernobly is in Lou's backpack, which was stolen by Blaine's gang. Nick calls Courtney (his future wife who is actually 9 years old when he calls) and yells at her about the evils of adultery. Courtney's father interrupts the conversation and Adam and Jacob stop Nick from telling him that Courtney is his bride-to-be. Adam's girlfriend, Jenny (Lyndsy Fonseca), dumps him before he can dump her (and he still gets stabbed by her, but in the forehead with a plastic fork), but he ends up spending the night with a music journalist, April (Lizzy Caplan). With Lou's encouragement, Nick & his band rock the crowd with performances of early-1980s hit "Jesse's Girl" and early-2000s hit "Let's Get It Started" - which he introduces as "a song from the future" that the audience gets to hear since this time (unlike last time) they were very receptive to his band's performance. Lou is beaten up by Blaine (Sebastian Stan), but finds the courage to punch him back, and all three of Lou's friends appear to confront Blaine's henchmen and recapture the Chernobly. Lou also seduces Kelly (Collette Wolfe) and conceives Jacob, solving the mystery of who Jacob's true father was. Also throughout the course of the time, they witness Phil almost get his arm taken off by a chainsaw and get stuck in the elevator shaft, but are disappointed when the arm doesn't become amputated, but as they are about to leave, Phil does lose his arm after being struck by a snowplow. The guys are set to go back to 2010, but, just as the hot tub starts to activate, Lou decides to remain in 1986, admitting to Adam that he was indeed trying to kill himself, and that if he goes back it will happen all over again. He says he wants to use his knowledge of future history to make investments, and do right by Kelly and Jacob. Adam says that if Lou is staying, so is he but Lou pushes Adam into the hot tub, just as it blasts the guys back into 2010. The gang arrives back in 2010 to find that Phil's arms are still in tact. Phil says that after the gang left, Blaine and his group managed to save his severed arm by putting it on ice and taking him to a nearby hospital to have it re-attached. Adam, Nick, and Jacob discover that Lou, Kelly, and Jacob are now a happy family enjoying a lavish lifestyle. Lou has become a successful rock star with his favorite band, "Mtley Loue" and is the founder of an Internet search engine called "Lougle". Adam discovers that he eventually married April, and Nick is a successful music producer married to a loyal and supportive Courtney. She tells him about a wrong number phone call she got when she was 9, that was enough to keep her from trying to cheat on anybody. Adam, Nick, Lou, and Jacob reunite at Lou's mansion with their families, satisfied with their new lives. 
 Fools Rush In (1997)431) After a one night stand with Alex, Isabel realizes that she is pregnant and they decide to get married. However, along with the marriage comes compromise of one's own cultural traditions. Sparks fly and cultures collide in this romantic comedy about a casual night of passion that turns into the love of a lifetime. Alex Whitman is a New Yorker sent to Las Vegas to oversee a construction project. There he meets Isabel Fuentes, and some serious chemistry brings them together for one night. But Alex doesn't see Isabel again until three months later, when he learns she is pregnant. On a whim and prayer, he proposes. However, there's more to marriage than a Vegas chapel and an Elvis impersonator, as Alex and Isabel soon learn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> After a chance meeting in Las Vegas and a night together at his place, a young American construction supervisor, Alex Whitman, leaves Mexican photographer Isabel Fuentes pregnant. She finds him a few months later just to let him know what happened. In the rush of the moment he follows her and they decide to get married. After that, a clash of customs and ideas develops in their families and in their relationship because of their different cultural and national backgrounds. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Fools Rush In (1997) is a romantic comedy directed by Andy Tennant. The film features Mathew Perry as Alex Whitman and Salma Hayek as Isabel Fuentes. Alex Whitman is an American man in his late twenties who is approaching the height of his career as he is sent from New York to oversee a project in Las Vegas. Isabel Fuentes is a Mexican woman living in Las Vegas within her community of Mexican culture and family. After a chance encounter one night in Las Vegas, their immediate romance leads to a sexual experience that ends with Isabel leaving abruptly in the morning. Three months after the one night stand, Isabel comes to Alex's doorstep with news of her pregnancy from their initial encounter. After a couple hours of effortless connection and romance, Alex and Isabel elope and start their lives together. Their relationship begins with ease, but quickly becomes difficult when they are faced with the reality of coming from different lives and cultures. The marital problems they face include: difficulty getting approval and support from their prospective families, differences in their priorities between family and work, and contrasting plans of living arrangements for their premature family. After they both agree on a plan of remaining in Las Vegas for the remainder of their pregnancy before moving to New York City, Alex's plans change when he gets offered the job of his dreams that would require him to move back sooner. Alex lies to Isabel about his plan for as long as he can before she discovers. After needing a trip to the hospital, Isabel decides to lie to Alex when he visits her and tells him that she had a miscarriage and ends the relationship. Isabel undergoes the rest of her pregnancy in central Mexico with her family as Alex lives an unfulfilled life of work in New York. After he attempts to be open to the signs of destiny, he discovers that he truly loves Isabel and wants to be with her. After traveling to Mexico then Las Vegas, he finds Isabel and discovers she is still pregnant while confessing his love to her. She gives birth to their child along the Hoover Dam after her water breaks during Alex's confession. At the end, both Isabel and Alex remarry in front of their family and friends and restart the rest of their lives together. 
 Once Upon a Time in Mexico (2003)651) Hitman "El Mariachi" becomes involved in international espionage involving a psychotic CIA agent and a corrupt Mexican general. Return of the mythic guitar-slinging hero, El Mariachi (Antonio Banderas), in the final installment of the Mariachi/Desperado trilogy. The saga continues as El Mariachi makes his way across a rugged landscape on the blood trail of Barrillo (Willem Dafoe), a cartel kingpin with one last score to settle who is planning a coup d'etat against the president of Mexico. Enlisted by Sands (Johnny Depp), a corrupt CIA agent, El Mariachi demands retribution. In the third movie of Rodriguez's "Mariachi" trilogy, a Mexican drug lord pretends to overthrow the Mexican government, and is connected to a corrupt CIA agent who at that time, demands retribution from his worst enemy to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government. Anonymous Once upon a time... it is a time of trouble is Mexico. The Mexican president has declared war on the Barillo drug cartel, who has plans to fight back by backing a coup by General Marquez to overthrow the government. Agent Sands of the CIA is in the middle of it all trying to make sure Marquez do NOT succeed... by forcing the notorious hit man-for-hire El Mariachi (Antonio Bandares) out of retirement. El Mariachi, after the death of his wife and daughter years earlier (from the previous film 'Desperado'), no longer wishes to fight, but he may not have a choice. At Culiacan, Barillo and Marquez have set a trap for the president, and Sands want El Mariachi to take out Marquez after the coup. El Mariachi called upon his two brothers for the final showdown... To save the revolution. Who will remain standing at the end? K. Chang The film is based on the story of a drug lord Barrillo, who pretends to overthrow the Mexican president. Within the drama, another of the principal persons is a corrupt CIA agent Sands who at that time, demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government. El Mariachi (Antonio Bandares) is recruited by Sands to take out General Marquez (has a huge score to settle with the Mariachi), who has major beef with Mariachi to begin with. He sends Cucuy (the muscle for Sands) to shadow and keep tabs on the Mariachi. Marquez is working with Barrillo, and is about to assassinate the president and assume power. Sands also convinces Jorge Ramirez (a retired FBI agent, who has old scores to settle with Barrillo) to come out of retirement and take out Barrillo and Dr. Guevera (personal Dr. to Barrillo, killed Jorge's partner a long time ago), who brutally tortured and killed Ramirez' FBI partner. Nadusha <rodriguez@al.ru> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Antonio Banderas returns as El Mariachi, (`El' for short), in the final chapter of the Mariachi/Desperado trilogy. The story picks up years after El is presumed dead. CIA Agent Sands played by Johnny Depp tracks El down and offers him a job to kill General Marquez (Gerardo Vigil), the man who killed El's wife and child. El takes the job for personal revenge and honor, and not for the money. General Marquez is working for Barrillo (Willem Dafoe), the drug cartel kingpin who has plans to assassinate the president of Mexico and assume power. Sands also recruits a retired FBI agent Jorge, played by Ruben Blades, who has an old score to settle with Barrillo. Jorge's partner was tortured for two weeks and killed by Barrillo years earlier. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 