nm0001936:

 Beach Babes from Beyond (1993)Summaries Three intergalactic beauties beam down off the California coast and have close encounters with three local beach boys. An intergalactic babe borrows her dad's T-bird ship to do a little planet-hopping with her two friends, but they run out of fuel unexpectedly, and must land on Earth. They land on the California coast, where they have fun and a few close encounters with some guys. One of the guys' Uncle Bud, who just wants to meditate and hang out, is being threatened with condemnation of his beach house unless he puts some money into repairs. The alien babes offer to enter the bikini contest with their way-out designs to try and win the money he needs, but they are hampered by the garment designer who will stop at nothing to win. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tina and the Professor (1995)Summaries A sheltered country girl, Tina goes to study in California. She learns about sex with her roommate and, after several love disappointments, falls in love with an eye patch-sporting zoology professor who's old enough to be her grandfather. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nothing to Hide II: Justine (1993)Summaries Justine takes a older lover and explores her fantasies with him, never realizing that he's actually the father of her boyfriend, David. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beach Babes 2: Cave Girl Island (1995)Summaries Xena, Luna, and Sola leave Malibu but return to earth unexpectedly when Xena sneezes and crash lands them on a desert isle. After being threatened by dinosaurs and having a few close encounters with some primitive stud muffins, they tangle with the evil James T. Renford II, who has some sinister profit-making plans for the babes from space. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 