 Shaan (1980)871) Two brothers go after the international mafia kingpin who murdered their cop brother. They are later joined by another man who wants revenge against the gangster. Shaan tells the story of DSP Shiv Kumar an honest, brave and upright police man. He live in the country with his wife, a daughter and two brothers Ravi and Vijay who are con men to the highest extent and would do anything to trick rich people, there cunningness, one day got them into trouble with the law where there brother was forced to arrest them and feel no pity for them. However they were release a few days later since they were keeping a low profile in jail. Shiv Kumar decides to investigate against gangster and smuggler Shakaal and his men where he was killed in his line of duty. After there brother's death Ravi and Vijay decides to mend there ways where they were persuade by marksman, circus master and an old enemy of Shiv, Rakesh, who decides to mend his ways and join hand with the two legendary to destroy Shakaal who keeps a man-eating crocodile on an island far apart. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com DSP Shiv Kumar opposes the criminal activities of a gang headed by the invincible Shakaal who has a record of eliminating all his enemies. His penchant comes to light when Shiv Kumar is mercilessly killed on duty leaving two brothers Ravi and Vijay Kumar to avenge his death. Ravi and Vijay join forces with Rakesh; a sharp-shooter by profession and also a victim of Shakaal's austerities to even scores with Shakaal who's where-about is on a far-away island. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) DSP Shiv Kumar is a top and honest police officer while his brothers Ravi and Vijay are con men they form a gang with Renu her uncle and Sunita and are soon found behind bars after being arrested by Shiv Kumar who has also recently busted drug rackets and comes in bad books of Shakaal who operates from an Island far from the city. Shiv Kumar gets killed by Shakaal for his honesty and his wife Sheetal feels Rakesh as the main culprit. But Rakesh revels the truth how he was made scapegoat and teams up with Ravi and Vijay to destroy Shakaal's empire. alex.mjacko@gmail.com DCP Shiv Kumar is transferred to Bombay and gives the good news to his wife Sheetal and daughter his two younger brothers Vijay and Ravi live in Bombay but completely different from him as they make their living by conning people.Vijay and Ravi form a gang with Anu her uncle and Sunita to con people but Shiv Kumar does not spare them and puts behind bars.Upon releasing they decide to start a new life but around same time Shiv Kumar is attacked by unknown man and threatened for his life following which Vijay and Ravi ask him to quit his job but for him duty comes first.Shiv Kumar gets killed by Shakaal who operates from an unknown island and carries all illegal activates as he had become danger for him Vijay and Ravi come across Rakesh whom Sheetal recognizes as the man who attacked her husband .Rakesh claims he is a sharp shooter and was hired by Shakaal to kill their brother by abducting his wife but when he failed Shakaal killed his wife. Vijay ,Ravi and Rakesh now join hands to put and end to Shakaal empire. alex.mjacko@gmail.com DSP Shiv Kumar (Sunil Dutt) is a diligent and honest police officer in Bombay, India. He lives with his wife (Raakhee), a son, and two wayward brothers, Ravi (Shashi Kapoor), and Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), who are con-men, and will anything for a quick buck. When Shiv Kumar is killed, his wife widowed, Ravi and Vijay give up their waywardness, and non-chalant way of life, to find out who killed their brother, and avenge his death. Little do they know that the very forces that assist them now, will turn them in to the man who killed their brother - none other than the seemingly invincible Shakaal (Kulbhushan Kharbanda). rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Honest, brave and upright DSP Shiv Kumar, while carrying out his investigations against gangster, Shakaal and his gang is mysteriously killed. Leaving two reformed brothers to average his death, but both seem to have no clue on how or who would have killed there brother until they reached up with an old enemy of Shiv, Rakesh, who tells them facts about Shakaal and his gang and how he is being used as pawn by Shakaal. The trio now agrees to work together and join hands to destroy Shakaal. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An honest cop is transferred to Mumbai where his two younger brothers indulge in crooked schemes. The two younger brothers get entangled with two equally crooked women during their escapades. The two brothers are assisted with information about shady characters, by an informant who is a handicapped person named Abdul. While carrying out a scam as two religious leaders who claim to walk on water, the two brothers are arrested by their own elder brother who is the honest cop transferred to Mumbai. The two brothers are visited in jail by their brother's wife who scolds them for their role as petty thieves. At the same time, the honest police officer targets smugglers operating in Mumbai. A super villain operates this gang in Mumbai, from his headquarters on an island, which is equipped with cameras and all sorts of automatic gadgets, and a pack of hunting dogs and a crocodile in an artificial pond below a rotating table with seats. The gang is penetrated by the honest police officer. But his informer is killed by the super villain and a marksman is forced to target the police officer. After the marksman fails in his several attempts on purpose, his kidnapped wife is released in a car with faulty brakes and dies in a car crash, which the marksman tries to prevent and is not able to do so. At the same time, the honest cop's informant is killed and the cop himself is kidnapped and sought to be bribed, but he chooses to die in his line of duty. His two younger brothers who are by now repentant con men, tie up with the marksman who was commissioned to kill their brother. The three avengers are helped by the handicapped informer who knows about the underground and the gang members operating in Mumbai. In retaliation of the three avengers blowing up the warehouses of the gang, the cop's wife and daughter are targeted, in an action sequence which shows the marksman using his deadly rifle skills to great effect to protect the widow and her daughter. The action takes place on and around a bridge and a farmhouse which has a stable full of horses. Also the handicapped informer is chased by goons in a night sequence and his death occurs after being forced off a bridge which is raised even as he attempts to cross it. One of the brothers breaks into the local restaurant with back offices where the goons spend time playing cards. He smashes up the restaurant and beats up the goons who murdered Abdul. Now the super villain kidnaps the cop's widow and sends his own right hand man to show the three avengers how to get into his island, with a troupe of dancers. The three avengers and their girl friends are available to overcome the complete bag of tricks employed by the super villain on his island. This involves a fight with a crocodile and fight sequences in a gas filled chamber. The super villain is finally overcome and killed by the three avengers but not before he pulls the lever that destroys the entire island. The three avengers and their girlfriends and the widow are united with each other and find their way out of an exploding island and fly off safely in the villains' helicopter. 