 House (1977)55) A schoolgirl and six of her classmates travel to her aunt's country home, which turns out to be haunted. Oshare (Gorgeous) is excited about spending summer vacation with her father, until she finds out that his beautiful, freakishly serene girlfriend Ryouko would be going as well. Oshare decides she will be going to her aunt's house in the country instead. She brings with her her friends from school - Fanta (who likes to take pictures, and daydreams a lot), KunFuu (who has very good reflexes), Gari/Prof (who is a major nerd), Sweet (who likes to clean), Mac (who eats a lot), and Melody (a musician). However, the girls are unaware that the house is actually haunted. When they arrive at the house, crazy events take place and the girls disappear one by one while slowly discovering the secret behind all the madness. Asian Movie Pulse When Oshare finds out that her Father's girlfriend is joining them on their summer trip, she and her friends decide to go to her aunt's farmhouse instead. From the moment they arrive, strange things begin to happen and the girls slowly begin to realize Oshare's Aunt may not have their best interest in mind. Justin Day The high-school vacation is coming and the student Oshare intends to spend the period with her father in his villa; however she finds that his girlfriend Kyouko will be with him and Oshare gives up going. Meanwhile her best friends will be camping with Keisuke Tg but, but he has a problem and calls off the camping. Oshare writes a letter to her estranged aunt that lives in the country asking whether she could go with her friends Kunf, Fanta, Gari, Makku, Merod and Suto to spend the summer vacation at her house. They are welcomed by Oshare's aunt but soon weird things happen since the house is haunted. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Deeply distressed by the news of having a stepmother, the resentful schoolgirl, Gorgeous, chooses to spend her summer holidays with six of her classmates at the remote country house of the estranged Auntie Karei. There, unbeknownst to them that the ailing, silver-haired woman is harbouring a shocking secret, the lively girls will soon come face-to-face with the unfathomable forces of the supernatural, as the ever-present demonic energy of the cursed place turns the dusty home into a treacherous death trap. Now, the forces of evil demand blood. Is there an escape from the haunted house on the hill? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 