 The Equalizer (19851989)55) A retired Intelligence Agent turned private detective helps various threatened clients to equalize the odds. Robert McCall is "The Equalizer", a private detective with a lot of contacts who is available for hire if you have a problem that you don't know how to solve. His no-nonsense attitude, compassion, and experience with dealing with a wide variety of situations makes him a powerful and useful detective. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Robert McCall (Woodward) is a tough-as-nails, no-BS private eye who went into business for himself after leaving the shadowy agency he once worked for. McCall works on behalf of those whose problems the police cannot - or will not - get involved in. His card reads, 'Got a problem? Odds against you? Need help? Call - The Equalizer'. Through 4 seasons, Robert McCall went up against some of the worst elements that New York City had - including gangs, mobsters, crooked cops, vigilantes, stalkers and even psychopathic stockbrokers. Derek O'Cain Robert McCall is a former spy, who has left the Agency that he worked for. He is trying to make a normal life and to establish a link with his estranged son. He also has to deal with his former superior, who needs his help every now and then, which is why he left the Agency and people from his days as a spy. But for whatever reason, he takes out an ad in the newspaper that states "Got a problem, need help, odds against you, Call The Equalizer". And he gets all sorts of calls from people who need help, people who tried to get help from the police but because of lack of information, or probable cause, or shortage of manpower, can't help them. So they turn to him. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> Robert McCall, one of the best covert operatives in the business became disenchanted with his work in a CIA-like organization known only as "the Company." Seeking redemption for some of his darker exploits, McCall resigned, and offered his services through newspaper ads to people in trouble, who were beyond the help of official channels, like the police. McCall used his skills in espionage and frequently enlisted the help of former colleagues still in the Company to get the job done. He also continued to maintain contact with his friend and former boss, a man known only as Control. Mark Limvere-Robinson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 