 The Eagle Has Landed (1976)55) A German plot to kidnap Sir Winston Churchill unfolds at the height of World War II. 1943, The war is entering its final stages and Germany is teetering on the brink of defeat. An increasingly unhinged Hitler, orders a mission to have British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill kidnapped and brought to Germany. The plan seems ludicrous in the extreme, but a message sent from a German spy in the Norfolk countryside makes one German officer realize that such a mission may just feasible. Iantjambo Oberst Kurt Steiner (Sir Michael Caine), a German parachute unit commander, is sent to England on a covert mission to kidnap Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill and bring him to Berlin. The seemingly impossible assignment becomes more and more feasible as the mission grows nearer with Steiner and his men arriving in England to a very real possibility of success. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Oberst Kurt Steiner (Sir Michael Caine) is a German Officer in World War II who has been court-martialled for opposing the S.S. in rounding up Jews. He is offered an assignment to go to England and abduct Sir Winston Churchill. His loyal parachute group dress as Polish soldiers and take over a small English town, supposedly on a training maneuver to await the coming visit of the Prime Minister. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Following Mussolini's daring rescue by the S.S., Hitler decides Sir Winston Churchill can be abducted and brought to Berlin and orders Admiral Wilhelm Canaris, Chief of Abwerh (Sir Anthony Quayle), to make a feasibility study. The feasibility study conceived brilliantly by redoubtable Lieutenant Colonel Radl (Robert Duvall) becomes reality when an Abwehr Agent in England reports Churchill's imminent visit to a Bomber Command Unit on the eastern coast. vlady@worldnet.att.net It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 