 Laura (1944)651) A police detective falls in love with the woman whose murder he is investigating. Detective Lieutenant Mark McPherson (Dana Andrews) investigates the killing of Laura Hunt (Gene Tierney), found dead on her apartment floor before the movie starts. McPherson builds a mental picture of the dead girl from the suspects he interviews. He is helped by the striking painting of the late lamented Laura hanging on her apartment wall. But who would have wanted to kill a girl with whom every man she met seemed to fall in love? To make matters worse, McPherson finds himself falling under her spell too. Then one night, halfway through his investigations, something seriously bizarre happens to make him re-think the whole case. Steve Hosgood <iiitsh@pyr.swan.ac.uk> Detective Lieutenant Mark McPherson (Dana Andrews) investigates the murder of a disfigured victim, believed to be a young advertising executive named Laura Hunt (Gene Tierney). McPherson falls under Laura's spell as he examines all aspects of her life. He questions her closest companions - her pompous and possessive mentor, newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker (Clifton Webb), her philandering fianc Shelby Carpenter (Vincent Price), a "kept man" and companion to her wealthy aunt Ann Treadwell (Dame Judith Anderson), and her loyal housekeeper Bessie Clary (Dorothy Adams). Each has a unique motive and all seem perfectly capable of committing the heinous crime. But Laura's reappearance complicates the case. Mae Moreno When famous advertising executive Laura Hunt (Gene Tierney) is found dead in her apartment, killed by a person with a shotgun on a Friday night, Detective Lieutenant Mark McPherson (Dana Andrews) is in charge of the investigation. He interviews the prime suspects and friends of Laura: the snob and arrogant journalist Waldo Lydecker (Clifton Webb), who promoted Laura at the beginning of her career and fell in love with her; and her fianc, playboy Shelby Carpenter (Vincent Price). While investigating Laura's past through her diary and personal letters, Detective Lieutenant McPherson falls in love with her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Beautiful Laura Hunt (Gene Tierney) is found shot and killed in her apartment. Hard-nosed Detective Lieutenant Mark McPherson (Dana Andrews) is assigned as the lead investigator on the case. As he gets into the investigation, he learns that all of the men in her life were in love with her including her fianc Shelby Carpenter (Vincent Price), and the women either loved her as a person or were envious of the attention she received from men. As he questions the suspects and witnesses, reads her diary and private letters, and most importantly stares at the large portrait of her that hangs over her mantle, he falls under the spell of Laura. Three days into the investigation, someone walks through Laura's apartment door that changes the focus of the investigation and answers some nagging questions on McPherson's part, but also adds one more person to the long list of suspects. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City police detective Mark McPherson (Dana Andrews) is investigating the murder of beautiful, and highly successful, advertising executive, Laura Hunt (Gene Tierney). Laura has been killed by a shotgun blast to the face, just inside the doorway to her apartment, before the start of the film. He interviews charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker (Clifton Webb), an imperious, decadent dandy, who relates how he met Laura, became her mentor, and used his considerable influence and fame to advance her career. McPherson also questions Laura's parasitic playboy fianc, Shelby Carpenter (Vincent Price), her wealthy socialite aunt, Ann Treadwell (Judith Anderson), who'd been carrying on with Carpenter and giving him money, and her loyal housekeeper, Bessie Clary (Dorothy Adams). Through the testimony of her friends, and the reading of her letters and diary, McPherson comes to know Laura and slowly becomes obsessed with her, so much so Lydecker accuses him of falling in love with the dead woman. He also learns that Lydecker was jealous of Laura's suitors, using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay. One night, the detective falls asleep in Laura's apartment, under her portrait, and is awakened by the sound of someone entering the apartment. He is shocked to discover it is Laura. Laura finds a dress in her closet belonging to one of her models, Diane Redfern. McPherson concludes that she, Diane Redfern, was the victim, brought there by Carpenter, while Laura was away in the country. Now it becomes even more urgent to unmask the murderer. A party is thrown to welcome Laura's return. At the party, McPherson arrests Laura for the murder of Diana Redfern. Upon questioning her, he is convinced of her innocence and that she does not love Shelby. He returns her to her apartment, and then goes to search Lydecker's apartment. There he finds a clock that is identical to the one in Laura's apartment. On closer examination he finds a secret compartment. He returns to Laura's apartment. Lydecker is there and it is apparent there is a growing bond between Laura and the detective. Lydecker insults McPherson and is sent away by Laura. After Lydecker has left, McPherson examines Laura's clock and finds the shot gun that killed Diane. Laura is confronted with the truth that Lydecker was the murderer. McPherson locks Laura in to her apartment, warning her not to let any one in. After he has left, Lydecker gains access to the apartment. Lydecker attempts to kill Laura, claiming if he cannot have her, no one can. He is shot down by McPherson's sergeant, who had told McPherson that Lydecker had never left the building, causing the two policemen to return to the apartment. Lydecker's last words are: "Goodbye, Laura. Goodbye, my love." 