 Zanjeer (1973)44) A tough and honest police officer clashes with a crime boss who, unbeknownst to him, happens to be his parents' murderer. A police officer (Amitabh Bachchan) after the brutal murder of his family seeks some answers from life. Where he was suspended from duty, because of false story portrayed against him by traitors, when he decides to track down the killer of his family years ago, with the help of a street-wise knife sharpening girl (Jaya Bhaduri), and a Pathan (Pran). He was able to make out one of them as underworld don Teja and promise himself that he would not rest in peace until he takes revenge. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com In his childhood; Vijay witness the assassination of his parents by a notorious criminal leader, Teja. He grows up to be a police inspector and comes across a pathan, Sher Khan and a village belle, Mala - together with their help he attempts to uncover the ravel surrounding the killings of his parents only to find himself trapped. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Vijay sees his parents getting killed in his childhood he notices the killers bracelet with a horse which haunts him for years.Many years later Vijay has a turned a cop and many criminals fear just by his name he gets various complaints about a Pathan Sher Khan running gambling dens where both meet on a bitter note and turn out to be best of friends.Bombay city has various smuggling deals happening around and Vijay's prime suspect is a respected businessman Dharamdayal Teja but has no proof against him.Vijay gets calls from a stranger who tells him details about the crime which is to happen but always disconnects before he could ask him about further details.During one of his information Vijay tries to trace a truck which kills several school kids an only witness to it is street performer Mala,the truck belonged to Teja whose man try to bribe Mala but she testifies against the truck driver after seeing the dead bodies of kids.Mala's life is in danger and she starts to live with Vijay and both develop a relationship but Teja whose suffering losses due to Vijay frames him for bribe following which he gets suspended and jailed for six months. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 