 A Virgin Among the Living Dead (1973)Summaries Following the death of her father, a young girl visits her estranged family at their sinister castle in the countryside, and comes to realize her eccentric and morbid relatives are not quite alive. The student Christina travels from her boarding school in London to the castle of her family in Montserrat for the reading of the will of her father Ernesto that she has never known and recently committed suicide. On the arrival, she spends the night in an inn and the owner tells that nobody lives at the castle. On the next morning, she is taken to the castle by the mute servant, where she meets her weird Uncle Howard, his wife Abigail and his daughter Carmenc and Linda, a blind girl. They tell that her stepmother Herminia is on the deathbed. When she visits Hermnia, she tells her to leave the castle and dies. She starts entwining daydreams and nightmares with reality. When the will is read, she inherits the mansion. She asks them all to remain there and live with her because she is lonely. When she has an encounter with the spirit of her deceased father, he tries to warn her to leave that place that is evil, but it is too late. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Christina, who's been living nearly all her life in a London college, is summoned to a small village in British Honduras for the will of her estranged and recently deceased father, Ernesto. But, in the isolated mansion nestled deep in the heart of the Montserrat Valley, unsuspecting Christina meets her strange relatives--Uncle Howard, Aunt Abigail, her cousin Carmenc, and the deaf-mute handyman, Basilio--and right from the start, she feels that something is off about them. Now, little by little, unexplained encounters with the supernatural and mysterious, hair-raising events start haunting Christina's nights, blurring the line between fantasy and reality, dream and nightmare. What secrets lie hidden in the castle's thick stone walls? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 