 The Adventures of Lucky Pierre (1961)211) A man imagines that everybody he sees is naked. He goes to see a psychiatrist to see if he can be cured. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening segment, a man (Lawrence Aberwood) appears and introuces this movie that has a "cast of thousands" and is a "pinnacle of acheivement" when two orderlies appear and drag him off in to his room which is in a psycho ward. In an office, a young therapist named Pierre (Billy Falbo) is seen talking to a young woman, unseen on a couch from the ankles up. The woman reveals that she feels that all people keep staring at her for some reason. The woman then leaves the office when the session is over, and she is quite nude. After the woman leaves, Pierre reveals all about his infatuation with women in which he sees all women in the nude. He reveals his adventures in minute detail when a series of segments begin which are Pierre's so-called "adventures" with his ability to see women in the nude. All of the segments are played without dialogue and only with background music as if they are a silent film collection. In "Pardon My Pigment", Pierre is in a park painting three ladies which to him are fully bare-assed and the ignorance that he sees them naked. When he shows them the completed painting which is a fully abstract image, the women hit him on the head with it and leave. In "The Plumber's Friend", Pierre calls over his plumber friend (William Kerwin) to fix his bathroom plumbing when the plumber's wife also shows up, and Pierre finds himself infatuated with the plumber's wife. Pierre desperately tries to eradicate his problem, but spends more time watching the lady shower then take care of his leaky plumbing. In "For the Birds", Pierre is back in the local park "chic watching" with a pair of binoculars a pair of the same ladies he painted earlier, but another woman, for whom he longs for, continues to elude him. He gets tired of watching the other nude ladies and goes after the other one, who evades him to him giving up trying to use his ability to see her in the nude. But after Pierre, defeated and dejected, leaves the park, the women shows all to the viewers. In "The Photographer's Apprentice", Pierre is photographing a bevy of attractive ladies for his own personal gain and to view them more as they are. In "Drive-In Me Crazy", Pierre visits a Chicago nudist colony where he pays his admission to a nude female ticket taker, parks his car, and begins watching a nudie-short film at the colony's open-air theater. Pierre orders a box of popcorn and one by one all of the female staff brings him a box and he buys every one of them. 