 North to Alaska (1960)Summaries During the Alaska gold rush, prospector George sends partner Sam to Seattle to bring his fiance but when it turns out that she married another man, Sam returns with a pretty substitute, the hostess of the Henhouse dance hall. Sam and George strike gold in Alaska. George sends Sam to Seattle to bring George's fiance back to Alaska. Sam finds she is already married, and returns instead with Angel. Sam, after trying to get George and Angel together, finally romances Angel, who, in the meantime, is busy fighting off the advances of George's younger brother, Billy. Frankie is a con man trying to steal the partners' gold claim. It's 1900 in Nome, the Alaska Territory, a time and place where many men are trying to make their fortune in prospecting for gold, while others are trying to make their fortune, some illegitimately, through those gold prospectors. In the former category are partners Sam McCord and George Pratt, former Seattle loggers, and George's seventeen year old brother Billy Pratt, their domestic support, who will split whatever they may earn equally three ways. In the latter category is Frankie Cannon, a con man who tries to bilk especially any of those men who have struck gold out of any or all of their money. After three years of being in Nome, Sam and George and by association Billy have finally found a major gold deposit making them millionaires, which will allow George to marry his longtime girlfriend, Jenny Lamont, he who sends Sam on a month-long trip to Seattle to fetch her and arrange for her trousseau. Upon arriving in Seattle, Sam discovers that Jenny's circumstances have changed meaning that she will not marry George. Not wanting to disappoint George totally, Sam meets a prostitute with the working name Angel - her real name being Michelle Bonet - that he feels could take Jenny's place in she looking like Jenny, being French like Jenny, and most importantly would fit the clothes in the trousseau, Michelle in turn agreeing to go to Nome with Sam if only because of for the first time in a long time, someone, Sam, treating her like a real human being. While their trip back to Nome is not without incident, Sam and Michelle arrive in Nome to a situation where all four of Sam, George, Billy and Frankie wants something out of Michelle, with Michelle and Sam having fallen in love if Sam could only admit it to himself and to her and George. That five sided love entanglement is set against claim jumpers threatening the ownership of the gold finds, including against Sam, George and Billy's. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 