 Heathers (1988)1091) At Westerburg High where cliques rule, jocks dominate and all the popular girls are named Heather, it's going to take a Veronica and mysterious new kid to give teen angst a body count. A regular girl, Veronica, tries to survive the social jungle of high school by sticking with the three most popular girls at school who are all called Heather. As she meets a sociopath named JD, her life spirals into a continuous cycle of hate, unintentional murder and indifference, as she exacts revenge on her enemies, also known as her best friends. Marielle <msaz.movies@gmail.com> In Ohio, Veronica Sawyer is a teenager trying to participate in the clique at the Westerburg High School of her schoolmates Heathers: Duke, McNamara and Chandler. She supports their nasty and shallow behavior just aiming to be a popular student. One day, the newcomer in town Jason Dean starts dating Veronica and he questions her relationship with the Heathers. When one of the Heathers is accidentally killed, they forge a suicide note and even dead, she becomes more popular among the students. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Comprised of three affluent, beautiful, and snobbish girls with the same first name, Heather Chandler's group is the most popular but feared clique in all of Westerburg High School. Despising herself for hanging out with the three socially sadistic Heathers, Veronica Sawyer joins forces with the alluring and mysterious newcomer, Jason Dean, to appease her newfound conscience, and to teach the pretty tyrants a lesson. Indeed, their scheme is foolproof, and at first, it's all fun and games until someone accidentally ends up dead. But, now, there is no turning back. What happens if Jason and Veronica's plan backfires? Nick Riganas Widely acknowledged as a true cult classic of modern American cinema, Heathers has captured the imaginations of troubled teenagers the world over with its acerbic satire of the sugar-coated high school movies of the 1980s - At Westerburg High School, an elite clique of snobby girls known as "Heathers" reign supreme. Smart and popular, Veronica ( Winona Ryder ) is a reluctant member of the gang and disapproves of the other girls' cruel behavior. When Veronica and her mysterious new boyfriend, J.D. ( Christian Slater ), play a trick on the clique leader, Heather Chandler ( Kim Walker ), and accidentally poison her, they make it appear a suicide. But it soon becomes clear to Veronica that J.D. is sociopath intent on vengefully killing the school's popular students. She races to stop J.D., clashing with the clique's new leader, Heather Duke ( Shannen Doherty ), and leading to an explosive final confrontation with her troubled former lover. Directed by Michael Lehmann , Heathers pushed the teen comedy into dark and nightmarish territory and is distinguished by the career defining central performances of its stars Winona Ryder and Christian Slater. Watch your back as the trendsetters of Westerberg High School are chewing up the scenery and may just have you in their evil sights in this razor-sharp black comedy about peer group peril. Up to her neck in vitriol and sick of it, popular teenager Veronica Sawyer finds herself in a tiresome tide of ins and outs, part of a cruel social clique so wrapped up in their own making that no one else stands a chance. She decides to challenge the malevolent rule of the self-appointed divas of the school scene, the Heathers, and begins a torrid journey of blackmail, sex, revenge and murder. With the aid of rebellious newcomer Jason Dean, Veronica is set to revolutionize the classroom and turn popular perception upside down. The original '80s cult classic is in top form and returns us to a time of 'swatch dogs', 'diet coke heads' and a bunch of croquet playing queen bees that will have you laughing to the last despicable gasp. Welcome to Westerburg High, where Veronica Sawyer is beginning to tire of her membership in the powerful yet cruel clique of 'Heathers' When Veronica falls for the mysterious new kid Jason Dean, their dislike for the Heathers quickly escalates into a savage cycle of murder, suicide and Slushies. Now that her teenage angst has a body count, are Veronica and JD headed for the prom...or hell? Westerburg High School's elite clique of popular girls is "The Heathers," comprised of the powerful Heather Chandler, the green-with-envy Heather Duke, and the cowardly Heather McNamara. Rounding out the foursome is Veronica Sawyer, who is so fed up with the Heathers and the entire peer pressure cooker that she starts running with J.D., a mysterious - and possibly psychotic - motorcycle-riding newcomer. But what begins as their noble effort to rid Westerburg of its bad apples ends up taking a real toll. And their teen rebellion produces a serious and mounting body count in this cruelly hilarious dark comedy, which became one of the biggest cult classics of the '80s. Three high school girls named Heather run an iron clad social clique at high school. One of their anointees, Veronica, isn't sure she wants to fit into the clique, particularly when she has to snub some of her old friends at the Heathers' behest. When Veronica meets the new guy at school, she starts pulling away from the clique, while some of the more popular students start showing up dead with suicide notes. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Veronica is part of the most popular clique at school, made up of Heather Duke, Heather McNamara and led by Heather Chandler. Tired of the way Heather Chandler bullies and controls everyone Veronica wishes she was dead so that she could free to do as she wants instead of what Heather Chandler wants. Veronica then meets J.D, a dark rebel, who says they should teach Heather Chandler a lesson by making her drink drain cleaner. Heather Chandler does and dies from chemical poisoning instantly. To cover up the murder J.D tells Veronica to write suicide note in Heather Chandler's handwriting. The cruelty and bullying doesn't stop however, as Heather Duke merely replaces Heather Chandler as leader, and her suicide is seen as glamorous and cool. J.D then tricks Veronica into shooting two of the football players, Kurt and Ram, who were harassing her, and covering it up with another suicide note that says they were secretly gay. Veronica becomes scared of J.D realises that he intended to kill them while she just wanted to scare them. His next plan is to kill Heather Duke, but Veronica wants no part of it, so instead he plans to blow up the school, after everyone has sign a "petition" which is actually a group suicide note. Veronica shoots J.D forcing him to leave the bomb in the school and go outside where he then straps the bomb to himself. Veronica watches as he blows himself up, and then returns inside to confront Heather Duke. She tells Heather Duke "there's a new sheriff in town" and walks off talks to the school nerd, suggesting that she will now be leader of the school. 