 Hell Comes to Frogtown (1988)431) After a worldwide nuclear war, where 68% of the male population was wiped out and virile men becoming a rarity, Sam Hell, a scavenger and a highly virile man, is assigned to help rescue a group of fertile women kidnapped by humanoid frogs. 'Hell' is the name of the hero of the story. He's a prisoner of the women who now run the USA after a nuclear/biological war. Results of the war are that mutants have evolved, and the human race is in danger of extinction due to infertility. Hell is given the task of helping in the rescue of a group of fertile women from the harem of the mutant leader (resembling a frog). Hell cannot escape since he has a bomb attached to his private parts which will detonate if he strays more than a few hundred yards from his guard. Rob Hartill Sam Hell is a prisoner of the female faction who took over the US after nuclear war. Mutants thrive in the wasteland while humans face possible extinction due to infertility. Bomb strapped to his crotch, Hell is forced to rescue a group of fertile women from a harem ran by an evil mutant gang. Justin Day Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie premise is that the world was destroyed in a nuclear war many years ago. Now the human race has been almost wiped out and common frogs have mutated into intelligent, bipedal creatures. The human race has been sterilized by the war radiation, and human women outnumber men. Fertile women are a very rare, but fertile men are even rarer. Roddy Piper is an opportunist drifter. This Roddy 'Sam Hell' Piper has apparently left a string of pregnancies behind him. After being captured, he's taken to the evil 'Med-tech' labs where the female staff then forces him into servicing female candidates. Either, he signs a contract to "work" for them fertilizing women, or he has to go back and face the wrath of the evil frogs beings. The Med-tech women put a steel jock strap on him to protect their property. The strap front plate says, "Property of Provisional Government". But, the evil frog people beings have raided a border town and stolen many rare fertile women. It's up to Sam Hell and two Med-tech staff women to get them out of 'Frogtown' and be fertilized for humanity sake. 