 Polyester (1981)44) A suburban housewife's world falls apart when she finds that her pornographer husband is serially unfaithful to her, her daughter is pregnant, and her son is suspected of being the foot-fetishist who's been breaking local women's feet. Francine Fishpaw is an upper middle class suburban housewife in Baltimore. Unfortunately, the money to support her lifestyle comes from her husband's porno theater, the neighbors are protesting, her son is a "stomper", her daughter is knocked up by a local hoodlum, and her husband is having an affair. Stephen J. LeBlanc <sjl@townsend.com> Abused, neglected, and, above all, bullied in her own house, the unhappy Baltimore housewife with a heart of gold and an acute sense of smell, Francine Fishpaw, watches her already derailed life take a turn for the worse. To further complicate matters, without a shred of shame, Elmer--Francine's sleazy husband and owner of the local X-rated theatre--is leaving her for another woman; her disdainful daughter, Lu-Lu, is bearing the child of her delinquent boyfriend, and her glue-sniffing son, Dexter, is becoming a vicious foot fetishist. Then, out of the blue, the suave blonde charmer, Todd Tomorrow, enters the picture, and, for once in her life, Francine feels loved. Is there a crock of gold at the end of the rainbow? Nick Riganas Francine Fishpaw is an average housewife living in a suburban house with her family. There is just one problem: her family. Her husband, Elmer, runs a porno theater - this starts anti-porno pickets in front of their house. Her daughter, Lulu, is very spoiled and her son, Dexter, does drugs and has a foot fetish. Even her own mom doesn't care for her. Her only friend is Cuddles. Life goes sadder for Francine. She finds out that Elmer is having an affair, Lulu got knocked-up and Francine starts to become an alcoholic. But, soon Francine befriends a stranger named Todd who she falls in love with. Josh R.S. Lech It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 