 Dil (1990)44) A man pretends to be a rich industrialist to improve his son's chances of marrying in to wealth, but his plan backfires on him. Raja lives a poor lifestyle along with his dad, Hazariprasad and mom. He attends college where he has several run-ins with wealthy fellow-collegian, Madhu Mehra. Matters escalate to such an extent that she accuses him of sexually molesting her. When his dad comes to know, he decides to seize this chance to get rich quickly, masquerades as a wealthy businessman, approaches Mr. Mehra, and arranges for their children to get married. Murphy's law prevails at the time of the engagement - changing everyone's lives forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Hazariprasad a miser scrap dealer dreams of marrying his son Raja to a rich girl so that he can get good dowry.He comes across industrialist Mehra and starts to imitate him who has a daughter Madhu.Raja and Madhu study in same college and always have tiff with each-other that goes to a such extent that Madhu blames him for sexual assault.After Madhu apologies her mistake they both fall in love their fathers decide to get them married.But Mehra finds truth of Hazariprasad and breaks the wedding and permits them from meeting each-other.Raja and Madhu can't leave without each-other and decide to elope and get married. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Hazari Prasad is a waste-material vendor, who lives with his young son, Raja, who studies at a Prestigious College and his wife. Hazari is a miser who values money the most and always had big dreams of getting his son married to a rich-man daughter; so that he can demand huge sums of money as dowry. His encounters lead him to meet up with wealthy Mr. Mehra; and he decides to masquerade as a wealthy industrialist to fool Mehra, luck favors him and he does succeed in his endeavor, and the engagement of Raja and Madhu is set. But Raja had many upping at the college with Madhu until she accuse him of sexually molesting her, an angry Raja carried off Madhu to make her realize what she had done to him and both end up falling in love and the engagement is celebrated with pomp and ceremony only to break off when Mehra exposes Hazari, publicly humiliates him and cancel the engagement. It is at this point Hazari and Mehra will realize how they will have to pay a heavy price for there children's happiness. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 