 Amar Akbar Anthony (1977)77) Three brothers are separated and united after many years - one is brought up a Hindu, another a Muslim and the last (and most memorable) a Christian. Hilarity and adventure ensues. A ex-convict must flee his mob boss, leaving his family to fend for themselves. His wife goes blind and his children are abandoned. They are adopted by a Hindu policeman, a Muslim tailor, and a Catholic priest. The Hindu-raised son becomes a policeman in his turn; his Muslim-raised brother becomes a singer; and the last son, played by Amitabh, becomes a happy-go-lucky Catholic who lives on the edge of the law. The boys meet again and their lives become entangled in an incredible plot full of unlikely coincidences and furious action sequences interspersed with songs. In the end, the grieving mother recovers her sight, the evil mob boss is punished, and the family is at last re-united. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Three brothers are separated from each other and their parents at a very young age. One of them grows up in a church and is called Anthony Gonzalves, Akbar grows up with a Muslim man and is devoted to the Muslim culture while the other Amar Khanna grows up with the police commissioner and becomes a police officer. They try their best to re-unite with each other so that they can take revenge from the one responsible for their separation - none other than the notorious Robert. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Kishan Lal takes the blame of hit and run case of his Boss Robert promising that he will take care of his wife Bharti and three kids when Kishan Lal returns from jail he finds that his family is living in poverty and his wife Bharti is suffering from tuberculosis as Robert did not live up to his promise, Kishan Lal attempts to kill Robert and runs with a car unaware that it contains gold and is chased by Robert's man while he reaches home to save his family from Robert he finds Bharti's suicide note,Kishan Lal takes his son to a park and asks them to wait till he comes,But by the time he returns to the park with, his three children have vanished.the kids are been adopted by people of three different faiths a Hindu ,Muslim and Catholic and named as Amar Akbar Anthony. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Bollywood action comedy film with a lost and found theme, about three brothers separated during their childhood who grew up in three homes, adopting three religions. They meet in their youth to fight a common villain. It was the biggest blockbuster of 1977, and won several awards at 25th Filmfare Awards including Best Actor, Best Music Director and Best Editing. Kishen Lal, a driver working for a smuggler Robert on the run from the police and leaves his three sons in a park. All of them are found and raised separately-the eldest becomes a Hindu police officer, the youngest becomes a Muslim tailor/singer and the middle son becomes a Christian hooligan. Years later, they find themselves all donating blood to a woman in a hospital by coincidence. All three meet and fall in love with different women, but when one of them is kidnapped by Robert (whose fortunes have changed again and is now a bigger smuggler), they all (women included) become involved in the struggle for her release... Q. Leo Rahman The Chauffeur of Robert, Kishanlal, takes the blame for him, and pleads guilty for rash driving resulting in death, and is sentenced. Kishanlal had undertaken to do this only when Robert promised that he will look after his family, consisting of wife, Bharti, and three sons, Amar, Raju, and Chhotey. When Kishanlal completes his jail term and returns home, he is shocked to find his family living a destitute life, his wife is seriously ill, and his children have not been fed for several days. His attempts to get some compensation from Robert are in vain, so he steals his vehicle and runs for it. When he reaches home, he finds a suicide note from Bharti. He picks up his three children, and drives on until he reaches a statue of Mahatma Gandhi. He asks his sons to look after each other, and he will be back soon. Kishanlal drives the stolen car, and is chased by Robert's men. Kishanlal meets with an accident, which destroys the car, but he survives. When he regains his senses he finds that the trunk of the car had contained a box of gold bars. He picks these up, and runs to where he had left his sons behind. Alas, his sons are no longer there. Kishan re-establishes himself as a rich man, and continues to look for his children. Bharti, meanwhile meets with an accident, and loses her vision. She thinks that her husband and children all perished in the vehicle accident. The children are all separated, Amar is picked up and adopted by a Hindu Police Inspector Khanna; Chhotey is picked up by a Catholic Priest; while Raju is picked by a Ilahabadi, a Muslim tailor. Will Kishan and Bharti ever meet again in their life, and/or be reunited with their sons? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 