 Mr. Klein (1976)44) In Nazi-occupied Paris, the immoral art dealer, Robert Klein, leads a life of luxury, until a copy of a Jewish newspaper brings him to the attention of the police, linking him with a mysterious doppelgnger. Will Mr Klein clear his name? Paris, 1942. Robert Klein cannot find any fault with the state of affairs in German-occupied France. He has a well-furnished flat, a mistress, and business is booming. Jews facing discrimination because of laws enacted by the French government are desperate to sell valuable works of art - and it is easy for him to get them at bargain prices. His cosy life is disrupted when he realizes that there is another Robert Klein in Paris - a Jew with rather mysterious behaviour. Soon he attracts the close - and menacing - attention of the police to the art trader. Eduardo Casais <eduardo.casais@research.nokia.com> In 1942, in Paris, Mr. Robert Klein is a bon-vivant art dealer that exploits French Jews that need to raise money selling their artworks. When he receives a Jewish newspaper, he discovers that there is a man with the same name in Paris and he goes to the police to report the mistake. Soon Mr. Klein becomes suspected by the police of being a Jew, and he decides to carry out his own investigation but he does not find the other Mr. Klein. He needs to prove his origins to the authorities but becomes obsessed with finding his double. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil At the height of WWII, in Nazi-occupied Paris, the charming French opportunist and unscrupulous art dealer, Robert Klein, leads a life of luxury, benefiting from the volatile wartime situation. Against the backdrop of systematic deportations, the rapacious Mr Klein makes an enviable living by exploiting the desperate French-Jews who sell their paintings and valuables for peanuts, until the accidental delivery of a Jewish newspaper to his doorstep. Under those circumstances--as Robert tries to get to the bottom of this embarrassing and life-threatening misunderstanding--somewhere in the war-torn city, another Robert Klein of Jewish descent is threatening the real Klein's identity and well-being, bringing him to the attention of the police. However, who is Robert's mysterious doppelgnger? Will Mr Klein ever clear his name? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 