 Viva Las Vegas (1964)431) A race car driver preparing for the Grand Prix, wiles his time in Las Vegas working as a waiter to pay for his new engine. Soon, he strikes up a romance with a beautiful young woman. Lucky Jackson arrives in town with his car literally in tow ready for the first Las Vegas Grand Prix - once he has the money to buy an engine. He gets the cash easily enough but mislays it when the pretty swimming pool manageress takes his mind off things. It seems he will lose both race and girl, problems made more difficult by rivalry from Elmo Mancini, fellow racer and womaniser. Perhaps some singing will help. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Elvis Presley (Lucky Jackson) and Ann-Margret (Rusty Martin) star in this fast, fun and sexy story of a race-car driver who chases hot cars and beautiful girls. While working as a waiter in Las Vegas in order to earn money to pay for his new motor car, Lucky swims in a sea of all the wrong girls, until he finally stumbles upon the right one, the woman he loves, Rusty Martin. In this playful battle of the sexes, Lucky and Rusty engage in screwball situations true to romantic comedy fashion, until Lucky ends up losing Rusty and must search the glittering desert Mecca in order to win her back. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lucky Jackson ( Elvis Presley ) goes to Las Vegas, Nevada to participate in the city's first annual Grand Prix Race. However, his race car, an Elva Mk.6 Maserati, is in need of a new engine in order to compete in the event. Lucky raises the necessary money in Las Vegas, but he loses it when he is shoved into the pool by the hotel's nubile swimming instructor, Rusty Martin ( Ann-Margret ). Lucky then has to work as a waiter at the hotel to replace the lost money to pay his hotel bill, as well as enter the hotel's talent contest in hopes of winning a cash prize sizable enough to pay for his car's engine. During all this time, Lucky attempts to win the affections of Rusty. His main competition arrives in the form of Count Elmo Mancini ( Cesare Danova ) and his Ferrari 250 GT Berlinetta. Mancini attempts to win both the Grand Prix and the affections of Rusty. Rusty soon falls in love with Lucky, and immediately tries to persuade him to give up racing, and she flirts with Mancini to make Lucky jealous. Lucky enters the hotel talent contest but only ties with Rusty. Instead of the necessary cash, Rusty receives a pool table and Lucky, a honeymoon. Hours before the Grand Prix, Rusty's father, who has always been interested in racing, secretly borrows the money for Lucky. Mancini's car crashes, and Lucky goes on to win the race and marry Rusty. Performers and additional songs : "Yellow Rose of Texas," "What'd I Say," "I Need Somebody To Lean On" (Lucky), "My Rival" (Rusty), "The Lady Loves Me" (Lucky and Rusty), "The Eyes of Texas Are Upon You" (Lucky and chorus), "The Climb" (quartet). 