 Daffy Duck's Quackbusters (1988)431) Daffy Duck opens a detective agency for the supernatural along side his Looney Toon buddies. join Daffy Duck, the co-hero and main deuteragonist of Looney Toons, who's now on an adventure of the last Looney Toons package compilation movie and Daffy Duck's second movie as the spotlight shines onto Daffy once again as the hero. in this movie, Daffy is hired to become the owner of a company after winning a prize reward. Daffy opens it as a super secret pest-control detective exterminator agency with all his Looney Toons pals, they must go on a spooky mysterious fantasy adventure for the supernatural to stop the monsters that haunt, attack and invade their home city neighbourhood of Toon-Town. In this feature-length film combining footage from classic Warner Brothers cartoon shorts with newly animated bridging sequences, Daffy Duck, after having induced laughter in an ailing millionaire and forestalled the millionaire's death for a time (as chronicled in Daffy Dilly (1948) , is the beneficiary for the deceased millionaire's assets. But the millionaire's will clearly stipulates that Daffy must use the money for the common good, by providing a service, and should Daffy think of pursuing selfish aims, the millionaire's ghost will "repossess" his millions by making them disappear from Earthly existence. Under the pretense of community service, Daffy opens an exorcism agency and employs Porky Pig, Sylvester Cat, and Bugs Bunny to track and eliminate ghosts, ghouls, and other monsters, while Daffy secretly schemes to use his learned "ghost-busting" talents to rid himself of the millionaire's nagging spirit. Kevin McCorry <mmccorry@nb.sympatico.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daffy Dumas Horacio Armando Sheldon Duck attempts to make money any way he can, when a news bulletin story tells of the declining health of ailing 'buzzsaw baron,' J.P. Cubish. Cubish has been quoted as saying he would give a million dollars for one last laugh after not laughing for years. Daffy goes to Cubish's place, and after getting rid of the butler, manages to become Cubish's personal clown...until Cubish dies of laughter. At the reading of the will, Daffy is bequeathed J.P.'s assets, with the stipulation that he use them to provide a public service. Daffy is given all of Cubish's money after winning the reward. Naturally, Daffy figures he is home-free, until the ghost spirit of Cubish begins to make the money vanish, proclaiming that Daffy must use it for 'good.' Daffy then decides to use the money to start a detective exterminator agency called "Quackbusters" to investigate paranormal activity. He ends up hiring Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig, and each of them goes off to investigate strange activity and exterminate monsters and mythical creatures. they go on adventures, missions and job orders involving abominable snowmen, Godzilla, vampires, escaped elephants and Daffy meets an attractive female duck named Melissa whom he saves after being possessed by demons. Though they investigate all manner of paranormal activity, Daffy grows frustrated when they can't turn a profit, and soon, Cubish's ghost spirit has made the last of the money disappear. Daffy is then evicted from his office-space due to unpaid rent, and the items in his office are repossessed as well. and the building of Quackbusters agency company is destroyed. While Porky and Bugs have gone their separate ways, Daffy returns to trying to sell items on the street corner to turn a profit. 