 Seinfeld (19891998)44) The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York City stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York City friends. Jerry Seinfeld stars in this television comedy series as himself, a comedian. The premise of this sitcom is Jerry and his friends going through everyday life, discussing various quirky situations, to which we can all relate (especially if we live in New York City). The eccentric personalities of the offbeat characters who make up Jerry's social circle contribute to the fun. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> One of the most watched television shows of the 1990s, this show was a true-to-life comedy series that follows the events of a group of friends. The group consists of Jerry Seinfeld, a stand-up comedian who questions every bizarre tidbit about life; George Costanza (Jason Alexander), a hard-luck member of the New York Yankees organization; Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a flashy woman and book editor who is not afraid to speak her mind; and Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards), an extremely eccentric, lanky goofball. Another very notable member of the show is Newman (Wayne Knight), a chubby mailman, friend of Kramer, and, almost always, nemesis of Jerry. Other sources of comedy appear in the form of the parents of both Jerry and George. Jerry Seinfeld is a very successful stand-up comedian, mainly because the people around him offer an endless supply of great material. His best friend is George Costanza (Jason Alexander), a bald, whiny loser who craves the kind of success Jerry has, but is never willing to do what it takes to get it. Jerry's neighbor Cosmo Kramer (Michael Richards) often barges into his apartment and imposes onto his life. In the second episode, Jerry's former girlfriend Elaine Benes (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) comes back into his life, and the four of them are able to form a friendship together. The episodes were rarely very plot-heavy, focusing more on mundane conversations and situations that could be found during everyday life in New York City. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 