 Journey to the Far Side of the Sun (1969)Summaries The European Space Exploration Council sends two astronauts to explore a planet similar to the Earth but located on the opposite side of the sun. A planet is discovered in the same orbit as Earth's but is located on the exact opposite side of the sun, making it not visible from Earth. The European Space Exploration Council decide to send American astronaut Glenn Ross and British scientist John Kane via spaceship to explore the other planet. After a disastrous crash-landing Ross awakes to learn that Kane lies near death and that they apparently have returned to Earth, as evidenced by the presence of the Council director and his staff. Released to the custody of his wife, he soon learns things are not as they seem. Doug Sederberg <vornoff@sonic.net> In 2069, a joint European-NASA mission is launched to investigate a newly discovered planet that lies in Earth orbit but on the opposite side of the Sun. Assigned to the mission are NASA astronaut Colonel Glenn Ross and EUROSEC astrophysicist Dr. John Kane. After training at the EUROSEC base in Portugal, Ross and Kane blast off in the spacecraft Phoenix and are placed in hibernation for the outbound journey. Three weeks later, they are revived. Sensing no immediate signs of life on the planet, they decide to descend to explore the surface. Amidst turbulence, darkness and rough terrain they crash as they try to land on the new planet. Kane is severely injured, but Ross has only some scrapes and bruises. Surprisingly, a Mongolian helicopter rescues them with the rescuer asking them if they speak English. Everything seems normal when they return to the EUROSEC base except for everything optical being reversed. The mission leaders are distressed that Ross is back after only three weeks, accusing him of scrubbing the mission. He insists he didn't and proposes that there are mirror Earths and that he is from the other one. Garon Smith It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 