 The Umbrellas of Cherbourg (1964)541) A young woman separated from her lover by war faces a life-altering decision. 16-year-old Genevieve and 20-year-old Guy are very much in love. Her kind mother, who runs an umbrella shop, won't hear of her marrying, particularly as Guy has yet to complete his compulsory military service. Genevieve is heartbroken when he leaves for his army service in colonial Algeria and is upset to have received only one letter from him in two months. Her mother's solution to this situation is kind diamond-merchant Roland Cassard, who has helped them in the past. garykmcd Against the backdrop of a pastel-coloured, rain-soaked, mid-1950s Cherbourg, demurely beautiful sixteen-year-old Genevive, daughter of Madame Emery, the financially hard-pressed proprietress of a struggling umbrella boutique, finds herself at love's command. Head-over-heels in love with the handsome twenty-year-old auto mechanic, Guy, luminous Genevive has eyes only for him; however, as they prepare to get married, Guy is called up for military service in Algeria. Lovesick, sad-eyed Genevive braces herself up for the following two long years, and the emotional hardship of a challenging long-distance relationship, only to realise that some dreams may never come true. Indeed, absence is a funny thing, and sometimes, it makes the heart grow not warmer but cold and distant. And then, Roland, a kind, sophisticated Parisian jeweller, walks into Madame Emery's shop, offering support, and undying, unconditional love. Is this the prelude to a silent farewell between the star-crossed lovers? Nick Riganas 16-year-old Genevive lives with her widowed mother, who owns an umbrella shop in Cherbourg. She and Guy, a 20-year-old auto mechanic, are secretly in love and want to marry, but when she tells her mother, the woman objects: Genevive is too young and Guy is not mature or well-established enough, particularly since he has not yet done his required military service. Shortly after this, Guy is drafted to serve in the war in Algeria. While Guy is away they drift apart, and Genevive, strongly encouraged by her mother, accepts a marriage proposal from a well-to-do gem dealer named Roland Cassard, who has fallen in love with her. M. Paul Shore Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Madame Emery and her daughter Genevive (Deneuve) sell umbrellas at their little boutique in the coastal town of Cherbourg in Normandy, France. Genevive is in love with Guy (Castelnuovo), a handsome young auto mechanic who lives with and cares for his sickly aunt and godmother Elise along with her quiet, dedicated, care-giver, Madeleine (Ellen Farner), a young woman who clearly loves Guy. Subsequently, though, Guy is drafted, and must leave to fight in the Algerian War. The night before he leaves, he and Genevive make love. She becomes pregnant, and feels abandoned, as he does not write often. At her mother's insistence, she marries thirtyish Roland Cassard (Marc Michel), a quietly handsome Parisian jeweler who falls in love with Genevive and is willing to wed her, even though she is carrying another man's child (Cassard had previously wooed the title character in Lola, only to be rejected once the father of her child returned; he relates an edited version of this story to Madame Emery with ill-concealed bitterness). The society wedding in a great cathedral shows Genevive's upward social and economic movement, but she does not seem at all happy with her situation, and clearly feels trapped. When Guy returns with a leg injury, he learns that Genevive has married and left Cherbourg, and that the umbrella store is gone. He attempts to ease back into his old life, but becomes rebellious due both to the war and to the loss of Genevive. One day, Guy quits his job after an argument with his boss, and spends a night and a day drinking excessively in seedy port bars. He winds up sleeping with a prostitute named Jenny, whose real name turns out to be also Genevive. When he returns to his apartment, Madeleine tells him tearfully that his godmother has died. He sees that Madeleine loves him, and cleans up his life with her encouragement. With an inheritance from his aunt, he is able to finance to own a new "American-style" Esso gas station. He asks Madeleine to marry him, and she accepts, though she wonders if he is asking her from despair at Genevive's actions. The coda is set in December 1963, approximately five years after the earliest events. Guy is now managing the couple's Esso station. He's with his now upbeat and loving wife Madeleine and their little son Franois. It is Christmas Eve. Madeleine and Franois go for a short walk, leaving Guy briefly, after which a new Mercedes pulls in to the station. The mink-clad driver turns out to be a sophisticated, visibly wealthy Genevive, accompanied by her (and Guy's) daughter Franoise, who remains in the car. At first shocked to see each other, they go inside the station to talk, and Genevive explains this is the first time she has returned to Cherbourg since her marriage. Her fairly young mother is now dead. Her rich husband and child are the only family she has left. She has evidently had no children by Cassard, and she makes no mention of him. The two converse while Genevive's car is being filled with gas, and Genevive asks Guy if he wants to meet their daughter. Without comment, and little reflection, he answers "no", and this leads to their exchanging their final goodbyes. As the film ends, Guy greets his wife with a kiss and plays with his son. 