 All the Colors of the Dark (1972)44) A woman recovering from a car accident in which she lost her unborn child finds herself pursued by a coven of devil worshipers. Jane lives in London with Richard, her boyfriend. When she was five, her mother was murdered, and she recently lost a baby in a car crash. She's plagued by nightmares of a knife-wielding, blue-eyed man. Richard, a pharmaceutical salesman, thinks the cure is vitamins; Jane's sister Barbara, who works for a psychiatrist, recommends analysis; a neighbor Jane's just met promises that if Jane participates in a Black Mass, all her fears will disappear. Jane tries the Mass, but it seems to bring her nightmares to life. Is there any way out for her short of death or a living Hell? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In London, Jane Harrison lives with her boyfriend Richard Steele, who is a pharmaceutical salesman that frequently needs to travel. Jane has two serious traumas, the first when her mother was murdered when she was a child and recently when she was pregnant and lost her baby in a car crash. Presently Jane is a frigid woman that has nightmare disorder with a man with blue eyes and a dagger and frequent daydreams. Richard gives vitamins to cure her. Her sister Barbara Harrison wants to schedule a medical consultation with her chief, the psychiatrist Dr. Burton. When Jane meets her neighbor Mary Weil, she convinces Jane to go to a cult where her fears would disappear. But now she believes the blue-eyed man and the cult worshipers are hunting her down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 1970s London. Haunted by recurring shocking nightmares, poor Jane keeps reliving a violent childhood trauma. In the aftermath of a recent car accident that resulted in miscarriage, her sister, Barbara, is convinced that frequent sessions of psychotherapy should help Jane summon up the strength to move on with her life and face the personification of her fears: a murderous, blue-eyed stranger. Then, desperate to ease her pain, Jane decides to follow her new neighbour Mary's advice to attend a Black Mass, only to fan her already horrible visions, making her reality a living hell. Now, the boundaries between dream and delirium start to disappear. Is there an escape from the clutches of the blackest evil? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 