 Immoral Tales (1973)Summaries An erotic collection of short stories, an anthology comprised of tantalizing tales about sexual desire and its diverse manifestations. Four erotic tales from in various historical eras. The first, 'The Tide', is set in the present day, and concerns a student and his young female cousin stranded on the beach by the tide, secluded from prying eyes. 'Therese Philosophe' is set in the nineteenth century, and concerns a girl being locked in her bedroom, where she contemplates the erotic potential of the objects contained within it. 'Erzsebet Bathory' is a portrait of the sixteenth-century countess who allegedly bathed in the blood of virgins, while 'Lucrezia Borgia' concerns an incestuous fifteenth-century orgy involving Lucrezia, her brother, and her father the Pope. Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Separated into four independent short stories, this erotic anthology comprised of tantalising tales about sexual desire and its diverse manifestations, intertwines the omnipotent human urge with the fervour of desire, curiosity and self-exploring, the forbidden with the obscene. Unapologetically, it attempts an insight, other times superficially and other times with a more comical approach, into subjects such as teenage virginal naivet and the farewell to childhood in the first segment titled "La Mare (The Tide)", while in the following part named ironically "Thrse Philosophe", a curious teenage bourgeois girl surrenders to the delights of erotic self-stimulation and philosophy. Next, in the blood-drenched vignette named "Erzsbet Bthory", the vanity of youth and the chase for immortality is explored through the legend of the murderous Countess Elizabeth Bthory and her vampiric tendencies involving the bright-red and warm virginal blood. Ultimately, in the final segment titled "Lucrezia Borgia", the outrageous and scandalous act of incest is vividly depicted including the infamous Lucrezia Borgia, daughter of Pope Alexander VI, and her lustful Cardinal sibling Cesare Borgia. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 