 Silver Bullet (1985)541) In a small town, brutal killings start to plague the close knit community. Marty Coslaw, a paraplegic boy, is convinced the murders are the doings of a werewolf. The small town of Tarker's Mills was a place that was very peaceful, where nothing extraordinary ever happened until one night when murders began. The townspeople believe it's some maniacal killer on the loose whom they intend to hunt down. Marty, a young handicapped boy, believes the killer is no man at all, but a werewolf. After a run-in with the werewolf, Marty and his sister Jane hunt all over town for the man who is the werewolf. <webmistress@shiversofhorror.com> After gruesome murders, citizens from a small town form a vigilante justice group against the wishes of the local Sheriff and the Reverend. A young kid escape the attack of the monster thereby putting his life in danger as he is the only one who knows the identity of the monster. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the spring of 1976, inhabitants of the peaceful town of Tarker's Mills, rocked by recent, violent murders, press Sheriff Joe Haller to investigate and find those responsible. Meanwhile, crippled boy Marty is very happy with the new motorized wheelchair his dear Uncle Red has given him. One night, Marty sneaks out to a remote bridge to set off some fireworks that Red also gave to him and is attacked by a hairy creature. Luckily, Marty shoots a rocket in to the left eye of the attacker and escapes. He tells his sister Jane he was attacked by a werewolf and convinces her to seek out anyone in town with an injured eye. She discovers that it's the local reverend who is the creature. Now the siblings have to convince Uncle Red to help them prepare for a visit by the reverend at the next full moon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comments by Actor / Writer Roy C. Peterson Wonderful juxtaposition of the small pastoral southern town with the horrific events which soon invade it. One morning a local railroad employee and drunkard is found mangled on the train tracks. What else would have done this but the nightly train? The way he was passing out all the time it was long overdue. But it wasn't the train. It was a werewolf. A really big, unusually angry werewolf. In size he is more like a were-bear. In the first scene where we see him, he appears at a girls bedroom window, then disappears, then suddenly reappears smashing the through entire window casing. Then, with claws like a bear, he just rips that girl to shreds. This is an excellent adaptation of the werewolf legend to America. The story is engrossing with surprising plot twists and the acting is excellent. 