 Diva (1981)55) Two tapes, two Parisian mob killers, one corrupt policeman, an opera fan, a teenage thief, and the coolest philosopher ever filmed all twist their way through an intricate and stylish French-language thriller. A young opera-loving mailman, Jules, becomes inadvertently entangled in murder, when a young woman fleeing two mob hit men drops an incriminating cassette into his mailbag. Jules has just recently recorded opera star Cynthia Hawkins' latest concert, something of a coup as Hawkins refuses to make recordings of any kind. Soon Jules finds himself the target of the hit men, who want the voice recording, and also of another couple of ominous and mysterious agents. garykmcd While out on his rounds, a badly wounded woman slips a cassette tape into postman Jules's postbag. She is then murdered by two thugs. Jules is oblivious to all this, carrying on without realising he is now a target for the murderers. His main aim is to meet his hero, the opera singer Cynthia Hawkins. grantss Jules, a young Parisian postman who is known for riding his moped everywhere, is a knowledgeable fan of opera, especially of American soprano Cynthia Hawkins, whose recitals he attends whenever she is in Europe, a necessity as the fact of making recordings does not mesh with her artistic sensibility, no professional ones as such which exist. With her latest recital in Paris, Jules, in the audience and who goes back stage afterward to meet her, ends up committing two crimes in his fandom, the one less known but more criminal which was his plan going in: to make a high quality bootleg recording of the recital, purely for his own listening pleasure as opposed to pirating it, for which he could probably command a high price if he did. Jules ends up befriending two sets of people. The first is Alba, a young Vietnamese woman who commits crimes for her boss, Serge Gorodish, who believes everything has a monetary price, hopefully more often than not that money into his pocket. And second is Cynthia herself, the two who bond over their love and knowledge of opera. Beyond these two sets of new friends, Jules discovers that two other issues may cause him problems of a different nature. First, some parties are aware of and want his recording, which could not only ruin his friendship with Cynthia but her career as she knows it if it does makes its way into the wrong hands. And second, some other party is after him, he correctly believing surrounding a police incident around Saint-Lazare metro station which he witnessed. He is unaware however that while the police are indeed after him, it is the criminal element who are after what he has unknown in his possession and who are willing to kill to get it back, and that the nature of this issue is a little closer to home for him in another aspect of his life. Huggo Young Parisian mail courier is content with his bohemian lifestyle, his circle of friends and listening to opera, particularly one exceptional American diva who refuses to be recorded. So enamored with her, he makes an illegal tape of her at a concert. But when the tape is confused with one implicating a police chief with the mob, he must use all his ingenuity to survive. Particularly notable for its stylish New-Wave production values and extended motorcycle chase scene. Stewart M. Clamen <clamen@cs.cmu.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 