 Macabre (1980)321) A middle-aged woman, traumatized from the death of her adulterous lover, moves into a room at a New Orleans boarding house where the blind landlord becomes suspicious to her activities of continuing her affair with her dead lover. A New Orleans housewife leaves her daughter and son home alone to meet her lover. While with him, she receives a call that her son has died. Reckless driving rushing to her house results in a horrible accident. The lover dies and she is sent to a mental institution to recover from the psychological trauma. Upon her release a year later she moves into the boarding house where they would rendezvous. The landlord has passed away and her blind son is left to maintain the house. With every day that passes, his lust for her grows while she remains true to her lover. The situation comes to a "head" on a weekend visit with her daughter. All secrets will be revealed and no one will be the same. Inspired by actual events. princessbrandy131@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jane Baker (Bernice Stegers), a woman living in New Orleans, is carrying on an affair with a man, Fred (Roberto Posse), behind her husband and children's back. Her adolescent, but dangerously disturbed daughter, Lucy (Veronica Zinny), suspects her mother is cheating on her father. Jane carries on trysts with Fred in an apartment she rents in a boarding house owned by Mrs. Duval, whose blind adult son Robert (Stanko Molnar) also lives in the building. While Jane is meeting with Fred for sex, Lucy drowns her little brother Michael in the bathtub and stages it as an accident. When she receives news of the death over the phone, Fred offers to drive her home, but crashes into a guardrail en route; Fred is brutally killed in the accident, but Jane survives. A year later, Jane separates from her husband Leslie (Fernando Pannullo) and moves in permanently to the Duvals' boardinghouse, which is managed by Robert alone, as his mother has died only a few months earlier. On her first night in the boardinghouse, Robert offers to have Jane over for dinner, but she politely declines. Instead, she makes a shrine for Fred in the apartment, and tends to an unseen item locked in the refrigerator freezer box. That night, Robert hears the sounds Jane moaning in pleasure, as though masturbating. The next morning, Leslie and Lucy arrive to visit Jane, but their reunion is awkward. Later, Jane agrees to have a drink with Robert, whom she allows into her apartment while in the bathtub without hesitation, as he is blind. Jane flirts with Robert coyly, asking him if he has a girlfriend. Later, Robert hears Jane moaning and repeatedly calling Fred's name. Suspicious, Robert has a friend obtain newspaper articles regarding the car accident that killed Fred, and he learns that Jane has been in a psychiatric hospital for the last year. That afternoon, Lucy arrives at the boardinghouse and convinces Robert to allow her into her mother's apartment, where she leaves a photo of her deceased brother on a table. Jane realizes Lucy has been in the apartment upon returning, and chastises Robert for letting her in. Jane briefly attempts to seduce Robert, but pulls away when he responds. Shortly after, he hears Jane greeting "Fred" in the hallway. On the anniversary of Michael's death, Jane spends the day in town and visits his grave. Robert attempts to investigate Jane's apartment, and finds the locked freezer box in the kitchen. He also finds pillows laid out under Jane's bedspread in the shape of a person. His investigation is interrupted when Lucy arrives to visit her mother, but Robert turns her away. Later that night, Robert enters Jane's apartment after hearing loud moaning. He walks past the bedroom, where Jane is masturbating with Fred's decapitated head. After Jane finishes masturbating, she returns the severed head to the freezer box, and it is discovered by Robert. Lucy overhears a phone call between her father and Robert, who attempts to inform him of what he has discovered, but Leslie dismisses it as fantasy. Lucy confronts Robert, demanding to know the truth. Lucy breaks into the apartment and discovers Fred's severed head, but proceeds to tell Robert that he has imagined it. That weekend, Robert reluctantly joins Jane and Lucy for dinner; Lucy has prepared soup for them. During the meal, Jane finds an earlobe in her soup, and is horrified to realize that Lucy has used flesh from Fred's severed head in the recipe. Lucy follows Jane to the bathroom, and goads her before admitting to having murdered Michael. Jane strangles Lucy to death before submerging her in the bathtub. Robert, who attempts to run to Lucy's defense, is pushed down the stairs by Jane, and falls unconscious. Jane retrieves Fred's severed head from the freezer, begins passionately kissing it. Robert awakens and attempts to phone the police, but quickly learns that Jane has cut the phone cord. Robert enters Jane's apartment, and she violently attacks him, but he kills her by smashing her face into the hot oven. He screams for Lucy. Afterwords, Robert crawls over Jane's bed, where suddenly Fred's severed head springs to life and attacks him, biting his neck and killing him. 