 Shahenshah (1988)66) Vijay who is a corrupt officer by day, turns a vigilante by night in order to make the city crime free. An underworld criminal name JK is involved in terrorism as well as criminal activities, he also intervene in government affairs and is a crook in the book. When an honest police inspector Srivastav attempts to expose JK he is framed and evidences are tampered with so he is unable to prove his innocence, an as a result he commit suicide by hanging himself leaving his wife and son behind. Years later his son grows up an become a police inspector like his dad; inspector Vijay Kumar Srivastav; but is very much different from his dad by turning a blind eye to criminal activities, never serious with his job and accept huge sums of money to let off petty crooks. The talk of the town is a man in black clothing who calls himself "Shahenshah"; he operates as a Judge in the night, giving a verdict against his victims and killing them in a Executioner style. It looks like this man will get his hands on JK before the police does and might as well ruin the image of corrupt police inspector like Vijay Kumar Srivastav. raj (krazymonster@ymail.com) Unable to prove his innocence; an honest police officer Srivastav hangs himself when he is framed by a criminal JK for a crime he did not committed. Srivastav's son Vijay leads a dual life - as a corrupt police inspector who accepts bribe to turn a blind eye to criminal activities in the day and by night as Shahenshah a man dressed in black attire that tries and mercilessly punishes the wrong doers in a judge and executer style. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Inspector Shrivastav is an honest police officer whose framed by a smuggler JK unable to prove himself innocent he commits suicide.Years Later his son Vijay Shrivastav has also joined police force but is opposite him and corrupt Vijay in reality pretends to be corrupt cop by day and takes bribes from criminals but in the night brings the same criminals to his knees by becoming a messiah known as Shahenshah. alex.mjacko@gmail.com An Indian Batman, if you like, Vijay Srivastav leads a dual life - (seemingly) cowardly and corrupt cop by day and ridiculously costumed vigilante at night. His activities make life miserable for the scheming villains who were incidentally also responsible for his father's death. Generous servings of action, melodrama and cacophonous music culminating in a suitably over-the-top climax. Ravenus, India Inspector Srivastav is framed by a wily and cunning gangster, J.K., and unable to prove his innocence, hangs himself, leaving behind his wife, and son, Vijay. Years later, Vijay has grown up and has joined the police force as an Inspector. Unlike his dad, he is corrupt and does accept bribes to turn a nelson's eye to crime. The City Police are assigned the task of apprehending a customed man called "Shahenshah", who operates at night and targets, tries and kills gangsters in a "Judge and Executioner "style. No one knows the real identity of Shahenshah, as he is feared by the police department, and respected by the poor and middle-class. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 