 Coolie (I) (1983)44) When Iqbal gets separated from his mother and brother by a flood, he becomes a coolie at Mumbai railway station. He then fights for the coolies rights and faces challenges from a businessman. A wealthy, but evil man named Zafar Khan, has fallen in love a girl named Salma and wants to marry her, but she and her father do not let him. Zafar is arrested for various crimes and is imprisoned for 10 years, but when he is discharged, he sees that Salma is married to a good man named Aslam Khan. Zafar Khan, wants to convince Salma to marry him but Salma refuses. Zafar plots his revenge by flooding the region in which Salma lives in, killing her father, injuring Aslam and Salma, causing her to lose her memory. During this catastrophe, Salma is also separated from her young son, Iqbal. Zafar abducts Salma and tells the world she is his wife. He also adopts an infant from an orphanage in Kanpur, a boy named Sunny, for Salma to raise on the advice of a psychiatrist. Meanwhile, Iqbal is reunited with his uncle, who has lost his wife and son in the flood. The uncle will raise Iqbal as his own, as they have no more family. Years pass, and Iqbal and his uncle work as coolies. Iqbal has grown up to a be a dashing, confident young man, and is considered the leader of the local coolies. He organizes a labor strike, which brings the station to its knees. A young, budding reporter, named Sunny, is covering the story. While speaking to Sunny, Iqbal sees a picture of Sunny's mother who turns out to be Salma. Iqbal rushes to Salma's house to see her after all these years, but upon meeting her son, she has no recollection of him. Zafar is infuriated by Iqbal's trespass and has his guards severely beat him, while he takes Salma to the psychiatrist to administer electric shocks on her so that her memory never returns. Iqbal and Sunny become friends, and both find love, Iqbal with a Christian girl and Sunny with a childhood sweetheart. Things are looking up, but the coolies uncover a banking and housing scandal against them. After a series of run-ins with the corrupt parties, Iqbal finds himself in a fight to the death with Zafar. What will happen to Zafar? Will his true colours be expose or will he continue to punish Salma till her death? gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Notorious criminal Zafar Khan gets released after serving time in prison for 10 years. One of his henchman inform him that his lady love, Salma has got married to a man named Aslam Khan. An enraged Zafar confronts Salma's father knifing him to death and then he pays a visit to Salma only to find that she rejects his love. Unable to handle this rejection Zafar decides to flood the region Salma reside in resulting in the death of Aslam and separation from her young son, Iqbal. Zafar rescues Salma and take her to a doctor where-by he learns that she is unable to retain anything from her past. The doctor then ad vices that in order to keep Salma alive she must be able to see her son; Zafar then adopt a baby boy from an orphanage in Kanpur naming the child Sunny and leave him in Salma's care. Mean-while Salma's son Iqbal now an orphan attempts to survive by selling newspaper at the railway station and years later matured at the same railway station as a porter. Sunny grows up to be an alcoholic while Zafar continues to keep Salma confined by giving her shock treatment so that she would not be able to retain her memory. Zafar is faced with tragedy especially when Sunny wants to expose his wrong-doings and on the other hand he faces another challenge when Iqbal is contesting the forth-coming election in oppose to him. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Zafar Khan, a Wealthy businessman with underworld contacts, has fallen head over heels in love with Salma and wants to marry her at any cost. However, Salma and her father do not consent, as a result Zafar kills him, is arrested, and imprisoned for 10 years. When he is discharged, he finds out that Salma has married Aslam Khan. He goes to persuade Salma to divorce Aslam and marry him, but Salma refuses, Zafar than sabotages the dam near Salma's village, bringing devastation and flooding to the region, grievously injuring Aslam and Salma, as well as separating them from their only child, Iqbal. Zafar rescues Salma, and takes her to a hospital. There he is told that she is unable to remember anything, but in her own interests the doctor advises that she be re-united with her child. Zafar than arranges for a child to be adopted from an orphanage from Kanpur, names him Sunny, and leaves him in Salma's care. Years later, Zafar will be confronted by none other than Sunny himself who wants to expose his wrong-doing on one hand, and Iqbal on the other hand as the leader of porters (coolies) who want their money that they had invested in a financial company owned by Zafar. The wily Zafar must use all the resources available to him to ensure that both Sunny and Iqbal are killed, as well as ensure that he wins an election that will make him virtually above the law. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 