 Rollercoaster (1977)55) A blackmailer threatens to sabotage roller coasters at various American amusement parks if he isn't paid a huge ransom. When a roller coaster in California goes off its track, killing several people, safety inspector Harry Calder, who had recently inspected the coaster, is assigned to investigate. After another amusement park suffers a suspicious fire, Calder uncovers a blackmail plot by a psychopathic terrorist. The terrorist seems to know everything Calder and the FBI say and do, and insists that Calder deliver the blackmail money personally at an amusement park in Virginia. After running Calder all over the park, the money drop is made and the terrorist gets away, but he discovers that the FBI had marked the money, making it useless to him. He plots to get revenge by blowing up a giant new roller coaster on its opening day, and it's up to Calder to stop him. Mark Walker The plot is about a guile young terrorist who is able to blackmail a series of companies by placing home-made radio controlled bombs within the central attraction of amusement parks; roller coasters. The young man played by Timothy Bottoms gives a hard time to the cops after they give him UV marked money. He then wants revenge and places a bomb in a roller coaster at the most important amusement park event of the year. Nebiros <nebiros@informador.com.mx> In a series of amusement parks, something deadly is happening. Rollercoasters are flying off their tracks, and people are dying. It soon becomes apparent that these are not a series of coincidences, but the work of a psychopathic extortionist who is placing explosives on the tracks. The FBI is called in to investigate and traces the crimes to a young man. But even after the man gets his ransom, he plans to blow up another rollercoaster...this one at a well-known park in California. Will the FBI be able to arrest him before he can carry out his murderous plan...or will another rollercoaster go off the rails? Derek O'Cain Several severe accidents happen in different amusement parks. Technical supervisor Calder suspects it's no coincidence and starts to investigate. Soon he finds out that a psychopath blackmails a whole conglomerate of companies for a million dollars, and urges them to inform the FBI. But the blackmailer, who observed the company bosses all the time, learns about it and demands that Calder delivers the money... and sends him on a nerve-shattering trip through an amusement park to deliver the money, while the FBI observes him closely and tries to bust the electronically skilled terrorist. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 