 The Way We Were (1973)55) In pre-WWII, McCarthyism, a diametrically opposed couple come together only to find out that geniune friendship and physical attraction is not enough to overcome fundamental societal beliefs. The often unlikely joint lives of Katie Morosky and Hubbell Gardiner from the late 1930s to the late 1950s is presented, over which time, they are, in no particular order, strangers, acquaintances, friends, best friends, lovers and adversaries. The unlikely nature of their relationship is due to their fundamental differences, where she is Jewish and passionate about her political activism both in political freedoms and Marxism to an extreme where she takes life a little too seriously, while he is the golden boy WASP, being afforded the privileges in life because of his background but who on the most part is able to capitalize on those privileges. Their lives are shown in four general time periods, in chronological order when they attend the same college, their time in New York City during WWII, his life as a Hollywood screenwriter post-war, and his life as a writer for a New York based live television show. It is during college that Hubbell finds his voice in life as a writer, and that Katie sees beyond his good looks to find a person with substance who realizes his position in a life as something that does not give him an inherent right to those opportunities. External world events, such as the Spanish Civil War, WWII and the House Un-American Activities investigation, do affect their lives directly, but it is how they deal with these effects personally, largely in relation to personal relationships - such as with Hubbell's long term friends J.J. and Carol Ann, the latter his college girlfriend - that may dictate if Katie and Hubbell are able to make it in the long term as a couple. Huggo Set in the period from the mid-1930s to the 1950s, a love story involving two markedly different people. Katie is an idealistic, uptight, Stalin-loving political activist. Hubbell is an easy-going, athletic, All American-type, and a talented writer. We see their different personalities affect their relationship and how they manage despite the differences... grantss Opposites attract when, during their college days, Katie Morosky, a politically active Jew, meets Hubbell Gardiner, a feckless WASP. Years later, in the wake of World War II, they meet again and, despite their obvious differences, marry. Hubbell wants to be a screenwriter, so the two move to California despite Katie's objections. They prosper there, but as the Hollywood blacklist looms, Katie's activism threatens her husband's reputation. Jwelch5742 Impossible to resist the beguiling charm of her insouciant and incredibly handsome White Anglo-Saxon Protestant classmate, Hubbell Gardiner, the impassioned Jewish secretary of the 1937 Young Communist League, Katie Morosky, finds herself, more and more, drawn to him. But, even though Katie's logic tells her that a relationship between two polar opposites is doomed to fail, instead, she lets herself get carried away in an enthusiastic romance that will eventually lead both lovers to marriage, and Joseph McCarthy 's not-so-glamorous 1950s Hollywood. Now, Katie's principles and her uncompromising political views stand in the way of what should be the perfect love affair; however, life is nothing less than unpredictable. Can Hubbell and Katie turn the clock back? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 