 Grand Theft Auto (1977)321) A rich girl steals her dad's Rolls Royce and heads off to Las Vegas to get married. However, her angry parents, a jealous suitor, and a bunch of reward seekers are determined to stop her. Paula Powers, daughter of wealthy gubernatorial candidate Bigby Powers, decides to reject her parents' attempt at matchmaking and run off to Vegas to marry her sweetheart, Sam Freeman. As they drive away in a stolen Rolls-Royce, spurned suitor Collins Hedgeworth follows behind in hot pursuit, along with a cadre of goons hoping to get the $25,000 reward that's been offered for Paula's return. Can the young lovers make it to Vegas for a quickie wedding before the forces of conformity and privilege arrive to put a stop to their romance? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Paula Powers is a wealthy young woman who is engaged to research major Sam Freeman. This does not sit well with her parents Bigby and Priscilla, as they think it will jeopardize Bigby's chances of running for governor of California, due to Sam's poor background. He also learns that Paula is already in an arranged engagement to another wealthy young man, Collins Hedgeworth, and is ordered by Bigby to leave the property. Paula stands her ground saying that she will marry Sam in Las Vegas with Bigby warning her that her privileges, inheritance, and credit will be cut off if she does and takes the keys to her sports car to prevent her from leaving. Paula storms to her room, but climbs out her window and takes off in her father's priceless Rolls-Royce. A livid Bigby witnesses this and prepares to give chase in the sports car, but discovers that she stripped off the front tires. Paula stops at the end of the driveway, where Sam is waiting and they happily drive off. Now desperate, Bigby hires private detective Ned Slinker to stop them before they get to Las Vegas and gives strict orders not to get the police and news agencies involved. As Bigby and Priscilla prepare to leave for the airport, Collins calls the house and Priscilla delivers the bad news to him. Collins snaps and speeds off in his Porsche, which he, soon after, destroys it in a construction site. He then steals a Dodge Charger from a nearby used car dealership, forcing the owner to report it to the police and they call his mother, Vivian, who is in the middle of a daily therapy session. Because she does not want the police to harm Collins, she volunteers to go after him herself in a Volkswagen belonging to her neighbor. Collins catches up with Paula and Sam and unsuccessfully tries to talk her out of it, also losing control of the Charger and landing upside down. Shortly after, Collins calls into local radio station 10 Q to offer a $25,000 reward for the safe return of Paula, which triggers curiousness for local mechanics Ace and Sparky, who decide to speed off in an unfinished race car they are working on. Collins eventually steals a farming truck from a nearby gas station, while Vivian offers another $25,000 reward over the radio for the safe return of her son. Meanwhile, Sam begins to think they should change their plans and go somewhere else to marry, but Paula refuses to let anybody stand in their way. Meanwhile, Vivian runs a red light and is pursued by overzealous police officer Norman Tad. When the Volkswagen slams into a tree, not far away from a preacher delivering his outside church sermon, Tad moves in to arrest her, but his squad car is stolen by the preacher when he catches wind of the $25,000 reward she offered for Collins' return. When Vivian speeds off again, Tad is forced to commander a church bus full of senior citizens. Sparky and Ace catch up to Paula and Sam and chase them onto a desert road, but the bumps take its toll on the car they are in and it falls to pieces. They then manage to steal a truck from a newlywed couple, who tumble out the back as they speed away. Paula and Sam are also pursued by a helicopter containing Slinker's right-hand man Eagle 1, as well as 10 Q DJ Curly Q. Brown hovering above in another helicopter. Sam is later angry to discover that Curly had promoted the whole thing as a gimmick for others to stop the two at any costs and to collect the $25,000 reward. Shortly after, three desert workmen hear about the reward and they give chase in their pickup truck. When the preacher spots Collins, he rolls the truck over in panic and is captured by the preacher, but Collins tells him that the preacher will get $50,000 if he helps Collins stop Paula, which he joyfully agrees on. Not along after, the Las Vegas mob are even called in to stop the couple. When tensions between Sam and Paula reach a breaking point, they pull into an abandoned junkyard where Sam vents about how Paula was so stubborn to change their original route and he blames Collins by turning the whole thing into a frenzy. He also questions Paula if she will miss being wealthy, if she marries him. Hurt and overwhelmed, Paula breaks down and tells him if they do not have any faith in their love, the elopement is off. Sam finally understands where she is coming from and the two make up. On the outskirts of Las Vegas, Paula and Sam run into the main pursuers and are chased, this time, into a demolition derby arena, where all their vehicles get destroyed, including the Rolls-Royce. The two lovers manage to escape in a waiting taxi as an army of police officers swarm in to arrest all the people involved in the chase. Bigby discovers that Collins was the cause of the whole thing and declares he is not a suitable enough husband for Paula and declares she met the right guy, meaning Sam. After the two are married at a chapel and get into a limo to take them to the hotel, they are pursued one last time by Curly, who is driving a car belonging to his radio station. He tries to persuade them to stop for an interview, but is run off the road by an oncoming fire truck and plows through a suburban house and into a backyard swimming pool. The two laugh at the situation, then kiss. 