 7 Women (1966)Summaries In China in 1935, seven dedicated missionary women try to protect themselves from the advances of a barbaric Mongolian warlord and his cut-throat gang of warriors. In a mission in China in 1935, Agatha Andrews (Margaret Leighton) is a rigid missionary beset by Mongolian bandits led by Warlord chief Tunga Khan (Mike Mazurki). With her are her assistant Jane Argent (Mildred Dunnock), staff members Emma Clark (Sue Lyon), Mrs. Russell (Anna Lee), and Miss Binns (Dame Flora Robson), head of the British mission, Charles Pether (Eddie Albert), a teacher at the mission and his pregnant wife Florrie (Betty Field). When Dr. D.R. Cartwright (Anne Bancroft) arrives, she agrees to sacrifice herself to Tunga Khan in exchange for his letting the ladies go free. alfiehitchie It's 1935 on the Chinese side of the China-Mongolia border, a region of lawlessness due to the fighting between and amongst the feuding war lords and marauding bandits. American Christian missionaries, led by unbending and strict Agatha Andrews (Margaret Leighton), have set up a mission in the area. She believes because they are doing God's work, and because they are American, the war lords and bandits will leave them unharmed with the potential bloodshed staying outside of their mission walls. They have had troubles trying to recruit a doctor, especially needed as one of their own, the constantly worried Florrie Pether (Betty Field), wife of the only male teacher in the camp, mama's boy Charles Pether (Eddie Albert), is at an advanced stage of pregnancy, compounded with the fact that this pregnancy is Florrie's first and she is near menopause. They do eventually recruit a doctor, who they don't realize is a non-religious emancipated female until she arrives. She is Dr. D.R. Cartwright (Anne Bancroft), who has her own reasons for taking the job despite her secular background. She and Andrews are immediately at odds with each other, even more so as time goes on as Cartwright does things in the name of preserving life which may be against Christian morals. The missionaries and Cartwright end up battling potential disease entering the camp and protecting themselves against one specifically ruthless Mongolian bandit named Tunga Khan (Mike Mazurki), who has already destroyed the British mission in the area. But the eternal battle may be for the soul of Emma Clark (Sue Lyon), the youngest and most inexperienced missionary who is fascinated by Cartwright against the warnings of Andrews of she being the devil incarnate. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 