 Satte Pe Satta (1982)Summaries The eldest of seven brothers, who run a family farm together, marries a pretty nurse, inspiring his country-bumpkin siblings to follow his example. After the death of their parents; Ravi Anand the eldest of seven brothers becomes the guardian to his other six siblings. His dictatorship and measures to get things done are frustrated by his brothers and thus they grow up like animals and this becomes their life-style. Ravi meets with a nurse, Indu and both fall in love and get marry. After marriage Indu moves in with the Anands and disapprove of their living and to their shock attempt to change this albeit with considerable results. The six brothers meet their life-partners and bring them to live at their home. Unfortunately one of the girls, Seema Singh who happens to be wealthy invites the wrath of her paternal uncle, Ranjit Singh who abducts Ravi and keep him as hostage on an isolated island while at the same time send his look-alike the notorious Babu to take his place so that he can kill Seema in order for Ranjit to be the sole beneficiary of her inheritance; killing anyone who dears to stand in his way. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Seven brothers live in a ramshackle farm house under the guardianship of the eldest. Interestingly they are all named for the day of the week. Ravi (for Sunday). Growing up without parents, they live in squalour, unwashed, unkempt, ill mannered and generally boisterous and boorish. Enter Indu (Hema Malini) into their lives, and a clean up begins. Indu's friend Seema, is a wealthy but wheel chair bound heiress who lives in a palatial house with her uncle, and six other girls. Babu, Ravi's look alike swops places with Ravi while Seema and her friends become house guests in the boys home. Seema is the object of a scheme where she is to be killed. The greedy uncle is at the nexus of the plot. Love, respect and propriety prevails. MG Gopalan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 