 Behind the Green Door (1972)321) A beautiful woman is abducted and initiated into a live sex act on a private stage, participating in lesbianism, interracial sex and a public orgy. Two men enter a fast food place. The owner asks them about a mysterious matter. After some considerations, one of the two guys accepts to tell the story. Here starts a long flashback: the two men are in a terrace, next to a lake, and one is telling the other a story. A woman, a wealthy San Francisco socialite named Gloria sits at a table nearby. Later she is kidnapped. When her blindfold is removed, a woman welcomes her. After a relaxing massage, she is accompanied by 6 women, into a stage, in front of masked men, and women of all kinds. A speaker explains that the woman will be pleased, by all means. The 6 women first, and later some men make love to her, while the audience progressively move into a orgy. This is the end of the flashback. The owner of the fast food place asks what happened after that time, but the men refuse to tell. Andrea Pasqua <pasqua@sna.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins in a cafe, where a cook asks two truck drivers to tell the story of the green door. One of the truck drivers Barry (George S. McDonald) is at an outdoor restaurant when he notices Gloria (Marylin Chambers), a 19-year-old heiress having lunch alone at a table. They never speak to each other, but the attraction is there. That evening, the truck driver witnesses Gloria being kidnapped by two men (Artie and Jim Mitchell) and taken to the backstage of a sex theater, where a woman (Lisa Grant) asks her to relax and prepare for 'the most exquisite moment' of her life. Meanwhile, Barry goes with a friend to the sex club. After they pay and sit down in a small theater, they witness the first act. Gloria comes on stage and six other women (Barbara Bryan, Barbara Parker, Bernice Mayo, Bunny Brody, Kandi Johnson, Rabin Dranthra) dressed in dark robes through the green door onto the stage. An announcement says that she has been abducted but is now in a state of 'curious expectation' and will be released in the morning, 'unaware of anything except that she has been loved as never before'. The silent, largely masked audience become increasingly aroused as her white dress is removed and she is stroked, kissed and given cunnilingus by the women. The next sex act is with a black man (Johnny Keyes) who enters through the green door on stage, accompanied by a jazz soundtrack. He starts by giving her more cunnilingus and then they have sexual intercourse, while Gloria continues to be stroked by the other women. When she has an orgasm, the sex stops and he is not shown to ejaculate. Following this, three swings are lowered onto the stage and Gloria has sex with four men at once (Ariel Porny, Mike Jones, Rick Dayton, Ted McKnight), typically fellating one, having intercourse with a second, and masturbating the two others. The audience become further aroused and begin having sex with each other in what becomes an orgy. In a psychedelic key sequence, an ejaculation is shown with semen flying through the air for almost seven minutes. The film features several multicolored, optically printed, slow-motion close-ups of money shots. This is the only ejaculation sequence in the film. Flashing forward where the film began, Barry ends his story to the stunned cook and patron, and leaves the diner. It is revealed as he is driving home that he ran from the audience onto the stage during the final act and carried Gloria off through the green door. The film ends with Gloria and Barry making love alone at his house. 