 Wild Style (1982)Summaries South Bronx graffiti artist Zoro is commissioned to paint a backdrop for a hip-hop concert. Universally hailed as the first hip-hop movie, "Wild Style" captures New York's hip-hop culture circa 1981 and several prominent figures including Busy Bee Starski; Fab 5 Freddy ; the Cold Crush Brothers; and one of the godfathers of hip-hop, Grandmaster Flash . A movie whose influence cannot be underestimated and hailed as the most inspirational hip-hop of movie of all time, "Wild Style" immortalizes the birth of the underground hip-hop scene about to explode around the world, changing the face of music, fashion, art, and a way of life forever. Following street artist Zorro (played by legendary subway artist 'Lee' George Quinones ) and his crew as they journey through the streets, projects, and train yards of New York, keeping one step ahead of the cops and their rivals, the film climaxes in one of the most famous hip-hop concerts in history. Featuring the pioneers at the forefront of a cultural revolution including DJs, emcees, and breakers such as Grandmaster Flash , the Chief Rocker Busy Bee , Fab 5 Freddy , the Rock Steady Crew, and the Cold Crush Brothers, "Wild Style" is the greatest hip-hop movie of all time. Zoro is New York's city's hottest and most elusive graffiti writer. The actual story of the movie concerns the tension between Zoro's passion for his art and his personal life, particularly his strained relationship with fellow artist Rose. But this isn't why one watches "Wild Style": this movie is *the* classic hip-hop flick, full of great subway shots; break dancing; freestyle emceeing; and rare footage of one of the godfathers of hip-hop, Grandmaster Flash, pulling off an awesome scratch-mix set on a pair of ancient turntables. A must-see for anyone interested in hip-hop music and culture. Leon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 