 Withnail & I (1987)55) In 1969, two substance-abusing, unemployed actors retreat to the countryside for a holiday that proves disastrous. London, 1969 - two 'resting' (unemployed and unemployable) actors, Withnail and Marwood, fed up with damp, cold, piles of washing-up, mad drug dealers and psychotic Irishmen, decide to leave their squalid Camden flat for an idyllic holiday in the countryside, courtesy of Withnail's uncle Monty's country cottage. But when they get there, it rains non-stop, there's no food, and their basic survival skills turn out to be somewhat limited. Matters are not helped by the arrival of Uncle Monty, who shows an uncomfortably keen interest in Marwood... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> London, 1969. Two unemployed actors, Withnail (played by Richard E Grant) and Marwood (Paul McGann), are destitute and desperately in need of a change of fortunes. They decide to go on holiday to a cottage in the country. The cottage is owned by Withnail's eccentric uncle, Monty (Richard Griffiths). Things don't go entirely smoothly and get even more complicated when Monty arrives unexpectedly... grantss Camden Town, the end of the sixties and two out-of-work actors, Withnail (Grant) and 'I' (McGann), subsist on a diet of booze, drugs and fags in their revolting flat. In order to escape the depressing nexus of visits from their dealer and the months of untouched washing-up, they escape to the Lake District, with the intention of getting some R and R at a cottage owned by Withnail's uncle Monty (Richard Griffiths). However, things do not exactly go as planned, Withnail being particularly unsuited to the quiet social mores of country people. The pair's friendship starts to become sorely tested amid the vicissitudes of their 'holiday'. More ominously, uncle Monty appears in person seemingly with something of an eye for 'I'. London: The Sixties. Two down-on-their-luck actors (Withnail and Marwood) find solace in drink and other substances. Seeking respite from their uneventful lives they escape up north to Penrith to Withnail's uncle's stone cottage. Faced with no modern conveniences, a bunch of oddball locals, and a surprise visit from an amorous "Uncle Monty", their wits are tested, along with their friendship. Kathleen Mortensen <presto@freespace.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 