 Namak Halaal (1982)44) Brought up by his grandfather, Arjun Singh moves to the city in search of a new job and life. While in the city he meets Bhairon who helps him find a job as a singer in a 5-star hotel owned by Raja. Young Arjun (Amitabh Bachchan) is brought up by his Daddu (Om Prakash). His Daddu decides for him to go to the city in search of a new job and life. While in the city he meets up with Bhairon (Ram P. Sethi) who guides him into finding a job as a servant in a 5-star hotel owned by Raja (Shashi Kapoor). While in the hotel, Arjun meets Poonam (Smita Patil) and falls in love with her. During this time, many attempts are made to kill Raja by the one and only Girdar Singh (Satyendra Kapoor) and his son Ranjeet (Ranjeet). All these attempts are thwarted by Arjun. Will he be able to save Raja from these attacks? gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Bhimsingh dies while saving life of his employer.Savitri promises him to take care of his employer's son Raja.Everyone one including her father in law Dashrath Singh thinks Savitri killed her husband and employer for money.Savitri hands her son Arjun to her father in law and goes to take care of Raja.Arjun grows up a simpleton man dependent on his grandfather.His friend Bahirav takes him to city to work in a five star hotel owned by Raja where meets and falls in love with Poonam.Arjun and Raja become good friends.Girdhar Singh and his son Ranjeet want to kill Raja as Girdhar killed his father their attempts fail all the time due to Arjun.Raja doubts that his mother his behind all this. Ranjeet and Girdhar now hire Nisha to kill Raja. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Arjun Singh has been brought up by his grandfather, and as a result is totally dependent on his grandfather, and could not even think of leaving him. Years past, Arjun has grown up, and his grandfather wants him to be independent and stand on his own two feet. Arjun reluctantly agrees, and re-locates to Bombay - a big city. He gets a job as a singer/dancer in a hotel and is very loyal to the owner, Raja. He also looks up to Savitridevi who manages the hotel, until he finds out that Savitridevi is his biological mother, and that the Raja believes that she is involved in a plot to kill him. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 