 Mischief (1985)66) Obsessed with the hottest girl in class, a gawky high-school student of 1956 takes a crash course in teenage coolness from his motorcycle-rebel neighbor. In 1956, shy Jonathan's luck with girls changes when he wins the rebellious Gene as a friend in his last year of high school. Gene is adored by many girls and manages to teach Jonathan a few things. Gene himself would rather just be with one girl: his girlfriend Bunny, but since his father is poor, her parents don't accept him. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> Nerdy Jonathan has always pined for beautiful and popular Marilyn, but she has never noticed him. Then cool, calm motorcycle-riding Gene Harbrough comes along and teaches Jonathan how to be cool and get the girl. Meanwhile, Gene crashes into Bunny, a sweet neighbor with a boyfriend who almost ran over him the first day they met. Now with everyone acquainted, will Gene get the girl of his dreams, and will Jonathan ever get a chance to score? Taalli In 1956, Rock and Roll is here to stay in the small, quiet town of Nelsonville, Ohio, and the 17-year-old gawky, timid, unpopular Jonathan Bellah--who is obsessed with Marilyn McCauley, the girl of his dreams and the hottest girl in class--still has a long way to go before he makes the first step. However, Jonathan's life will change forever when leather-clad motorcycle rebel Gene Harbrough moves in next door and decides to offer his romantic expertise out of sympathy. Just like that, Jonathan takes a crash course in teenage coolness--of course, always under the watchful eye of the eternal symbol of teenage rebellion: James Dean . But will this unlikely alliance bear fruit? Nick Riganas In 1956 Nelsonville, Ohio, clumsy teenager Jonathan Bellah dreams endlessly of hot classmates Marilyn McCauley, but he's shy and has no experience with girls. When handsome rebel Gene Harbrough and his father move next door to Jonathan's family, he immediately befriends Jonathan and decides to teach him how to be attractive to women. Then he has a minor accident with his motorcycle when it's almost hit by a car driven by wealthy Kenny, whose girlfriend Bunny Miller is Gene's crush. Later Jonathan and Gene go to a fair and meet Marilyn, Bunny, and their mate Rosalie. They schedule a date to the drive-in but when Kenny sees Bunny, he challenges Gene to a car race. Meanwhile, Jonathan gets closer to Marilyn. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In 1956, 17-year-old Jonathan Bellah of small-town Nelsonville, Ohio is a straight-laced, inexperienced raging-hormone mass of a high-school senior hopelessly crushing on the out-of-his-league Marilyn McCauley. Then Chicagoans Gene Harbrough and his father move in next door to the Bellahs and motorcycle-riding Gene becomes Jonathan's classmate. Gene emulates the James Dean type, which generally makes him successful with the opposite sex. In befriending Jonathan, Gene vows to help him in his pursuit of Marilyn, betting that he can get Jonathan to lose his virginity with Marilyn within 30 days. Gene himself has eyes only for Bunny Miller, who is officially-unofficially dating Kenny Brubaker, son of Nelsonville's most prominent businessman. Jonathan considers Kenny an entitled creep who uses his big-man status to bully. Bunny has her eye on Gene--but so does Marilyn. Gene's own pursuit of Bunny has Kenny as an obstacle--a dangerous one, as he will let nobody supplant his rightful place with Bunny, whose parents can't wait to welcome Kenny into their family and lives. Meanwhile, Gene's own troubled homelife mirrors that of Dean's character in Rebel Without a Cause (1955) . Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 