 Road Games (1981)44) A laid-back American truck driver in south Australia starts to suspect a man driving a green van of killing young women along his route, and proceeds to play a cat-and-mouse game in order to catch him red-handed. Pat Quid is driving a semi across Australia. On the way he encounters various other travellers and the occasional hitchhikers repeatedly as they're traveling the same road. A favorite pastime of Pat is to play games to pass the time on the journey (such as to make up backgrounds of the other people on the road). Pamela is one hitchhiker he picks up. But when she disappears, he suspects that the driver of a van who has been acting a little strange (Smith or Jones), may be the serial killer mentioned on the radio. But his pursuit of the van driver brings him to the attention of the police, who begin to suspect him. Brian W Martz <B.Martz@Genie.com> While driving alone through the Australia outback with his dingo, the truck driver Patrick Quid becomes aware that a serial killer is attacking women and he suspects that the driver of a green van is the murderer and is getting rid of the bodies in pieces in plastic bags burying them in the desert. On his way to Perth with a load of pork meat, he gives a ride to the hitchhiker Pamela Rushworth and tells his theory about the killer to her. When they park in a gas station, they see the van and Pamela decides to break in the car to investigate. When Pamela disappears, Pat pursues the van while he becomes the prime suspect of the police. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A well read and talkative truck driver Quid while driving across the outback starts suspecting a van driver to be the notorious serial killer who is butchering women after Quid is upset at the van driver for taking the last room in a motel and picking up an attractive hitcher which Quid had passed earlier because the trucking company policy forbids it. Quid takes upon himself to unearth the mystery along with a female hitchhiker who is on run for some excitement. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 