 Avanti! (1972)55) A successful businessman goes to Italy to arrange for the return of his tycoon father's body only to discover dad died with his long-time mistress. Baltimore industrialist Wendell Armbruster crosses paths with London shop girl Pamela Piggott when they come to Ischia to pick up the bodies of her mother and his father, who have been killed in an automobile accident after a 10-year summertime affair. Straitlaced Wendell tries to avoid a scandal while free-spirited Pamela is impressed by the romantic setting. After some confusion with the bodies and a blackmail attempt by unscrupulous locals, Wendell and Pamela extend their parents' affair into the next generation. alfiehitchie American businessman Wendell Armbruster Jr. is informed that his father has died in Italy and races there to bring the body back in time for the funeral in the US. In Italy he discovers that for the last 10 years his father had been having an affair and the woman died in the same car crash--and her daughter Pamela Piggott is also in Italy to retrieve her body. Wendell and Pamela don't see eye-to-eye, but things could change. grantss Harried business executive Wendell Armbruster, Jr. crosses paths with London shopgirl Pamela Piggott when they both come to pick up the bodies of their parents--her mother and his father--who have died in an automobile accident after a 10-year affair. Wendell tries to avoid a scandal, but free-spirited Pamela, impressed by the romantic setting, feels otherwise. After some confusion with the bodies and an attempted blackmail, Wendell and Pamela might continue their parents' affair. Huggo The arrogant, rude Vice-President of Armbruster Industries, Wendell Armbruster, Jr. travels to Ischia, in Italy, to retrieve the body of his father Wendell Armbruster, Sr., who died in a sudden tragic accident while driving back to Baltimore. During his trip, British woman Pamela Piggott tries to start a conversation with him, but the impolite executive ignores her. In Ischia, the manager of Hotel Excelsior, Carlo Carlucci, welcomes Wendell, telling him that it is a place that heals everything. He helps him with the Italian bureaucracy and to get a sealed zinc casket in Amalfi to release the corpse from the morgue. When Wendell meets Pamela at the hotel, he discovers that his father and her mother had been lovers for the past 10 years. His father had met her mother every year from July 15th to August 15th. Wendell offers to help Pamela and they decide to follow the routine of his father and her mother to find out why they couple had had such a long love affair. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 