 Kiss Me Goodbye (1982)44) The ghost of a dead husband haunts his wife as she moves back to their house in NYC. She's about to marry an egyptologist there. Not until three years after the death of her husband Jolly, Kay dares to move back into their former house, persuaded by her new fianc Rupert. But soon her worst expectations come true, when not only her old memories haunt her, but also Jolly's ghost, who doesn't approve of her new mate. Invisible to anyone but Kay, he tries to prevent the wedding. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> Kay Villano has placed her life on hold since the passing of her husband, Broadway director/choreographer Jolly Villano. She has finally decided to get on with her life first by accepting the marriage proposal of her boyfriend of two years, Egyptologist Rupert Baines. This move doesn't sit well with her mother, Charlotte, and Kay and Jolly's dog, Shakespeare, as they see Rupert as nowhere near the exuberant person Jolly was. And second, Kay has decided that she not only wants to hold the wedding there, but wants her and Rupert to move into what was her and Jolly's house, which she closed up following Jolly's passing due to the painful memories, especially since he died there in a fall down the stairs. Although somewhat threatened by the exciting life Jolly and Kay seemed to have, Rupert agrees to Kay's requests in his love for her. That threat may be more real than he expected as what starts out as a mere feeling when Kay starts to open up the house turns into she being visited by Jolly's ghost, which only she can see and hear. Jolly's return only complicates her feelings for both Jolly and Rupert, and Jolly's inopportune appearances complicate Kay's interactions with those around her, especially Rupert. The questions not only become what Kay will do in light of Jolly's return, but what Jolly wants to accomplish in returning. Huggo Kay Villano's a woman whose husband, Jolly, who's a renowned choreographer, died three years ago. She has met someone else and is going marry him. She also decides to return to the house where she and Jolly lived. And it's not long after that she sees him, who tells her that he's a ghost that only she can see. And when she starts talking to herself, everybody thinks she's nuts. She and Jolly try to settle things. And her fiance is questioning if she does want to marry him. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 