 Holiday Affair (1949)651) A young widow is torn between a boring attorney and a romantic ne'er-do-well. Just before Christmas, department store clerk Steve Mason meets big spending customer Connie Ennis, really a commercial spy. He unmasks her but lets her go, which gets him fired. They end up on a date, which doesn't sit well with Connie's steady suitor, Carl, but delights her son Timmy, who doesn't want Carl for a step-dad. Standard (if sweet) romantic complications follow. Rod Crawford <puffinus@u.washington.edu> Connie Ennis is a widow with a young son, Timmy, who works as a comparison shopper. After she buys - and then returns - an expensive model train set, store salesman Steve Mason should report her to his superiors. He decides to give her a break but gets fired for his trouble. He likes Connie but she has been dating Carl Davis for two years and he's waiting for her answer to his marriage proposal. Timmy certainly takes a liking to Steve and Connie isn't quite sure what she thinks of him. In the end, she realizes the choice she has to make and takes a leap of faith. garykmcd It's the Christmas season, the busiest time of the year professionally for New York City comparison shopper Connie Ennis, a young war widow and mother to six year old Timmy Ennis. Timmy does not remember his father but is constantly reminded of him by his mother who does not want to lose his memory. For two years, Connie has dated lawyer Carl Davis, a man she loves but with who she is not in love as she was with Timmy's father. As such, she has to decide what to do about Carl's proposal of marriage, which she is contemplating accepting if only to provide a better life for Timmy who she has taught not to shoot for the moon in keeping expectations realistic. Like Connie, Timmy thinks Carl is a nice enough man, but doesn't like him enough to be a permanent part of their lives, which may solely be Connie's influence on Timmy in preserving Timmy's father's memory. In the course of her work, Connie meets Steve Mason, a department store clerk in the toy department. This job is only the latest in support of Steve's goal to become a boat builder. Connie and Steve equally upset the proverbial apple cart of each other's lives. Regardless, Connie and Steve seem not to be able not to be in each other's lives as they continually connect with each other in the lead up to Christmas. In the process, Steve falls in love with Connie, he who also proposes to her despite knowing of and actually liking Carl. What Connie decides to do about the proposals is affected by seeing the happy marriage of her former in-laws, and by what she believes would make both her and Timmy the happiest. Huggo Even though he recently lost his job as a department-store clerk, Steve Mason buys an electric train set for a child he scarcely knows. It must be Christmastime. Robert Mitchum and Janet Leigh are warmly matched in Holiday Affair, a seasonal favorite scripted by Isobel Lennart (later to adapt Mitchum's The Sundowners) and directed by Hope/Crosby "road movies" veteran Don Hartman . Mitchum plays Mason, helping a child who'd otherwise find disappointment under the Christmas tree. The boy's war-widow mom (Leigh) notes the gesture, and she's drawn to the handsome stranger. But will she abandon the security of the prosperous attorney ( Wendell Corey ) she's dating for the charm of this unemployed man who puts his money where his heart is? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When attractive Connie Ennis buys an expensive electric train set during the Christmas rush at Crowley's, a New York department store, without asking a single question about it, clerk Steve Mason becomes suspicious. Steve's suspicions are justified as Connie works as a professional "comparison shopper" for one of Crowley's competitors. Exhausted after a day of "shopping," Connie, a war widow, goes home to her six-year-old son Timmy and brings the electric train with her. The impressionable Timmy sneaks a peek at the train and gleefully assumes it is his Christmas present until Connie, who is unaware that he has seen it, informs him otherwise. That night, Connie's longtime admirer, lawyer Carl Davis, proposes to her, but unsure of her feelings, she declines to give him an immediate answer. Connie then discusses Carl's proposal with Timmy, who resists the idea. The next day, when Connie tries to return the train at Crowley's, Steve threatens to report her to the store detective. After she explains that she is a war widow with a son to support, however, Steve refunds her money, a gesture that leads to his dismissal. Steve then asks Connie to lunch and, while eating with her in Central Park, impresses her with his plans to build sailboats with his friend in Balboa, California. Later, as they are loaded down with comparison shopping packages, Connie and Steve become separated in a crowd. Steve, however, shows up later at Connie's apartment and discovers Carl there. Although polite, Carl is clearly disturbed by Steve's presence and fights with Timmy, who is still upset about the train. After a frustrated Carl leaves, Steve angers Connie by suggesting that she stop trying to make Timmy into the image of his dead father. Steve then learns about the train from Timmy and advises him to always "aim higher than the mark." As he is leaving, Steve impulsively gives Connie a passionate kiss, prompting her to accept Carl's proposal that night. On Christmas morning, Timmy discovers the train set outside the apartment door and assumes that it is from his mother. When he reveals that he earlier told Steve about seeing the train, Connie deduces where it came from and goes to confront Steve. Connie finds the almost broke Steve in Central Park, and although she offers to reimburse him for the train, he refuses her money, saying that he wants to encourage Timmy's optimism. After Connie gives him the loud tie she had bought for Carl, Steve happily offers his old tie to a passing bum. Connie then reveals she is marrying Carl on New Year's Day, sparking another lecture from Steve about letting go of the past and facing the future without fear. Annoyed by Steve's words, Connie leaves the park in a huff and goes home to Timmy, Carl and her former in-laws. Soon after, Connie is summoned to the police station to vouch for Steve, who was arrested after the police found him with a pair of stolen salt and pepper shakers, which the park bum had given to him as a gift. With Carl and Timmy by her side, Connie explains about Steve and the bum to a bemused police lieutenant, who eventually releases Steve. Timmy then insists that Steve eat Christmas dinner with them. At Connie's, the two rivals maintain a polite facade until Steve finally announces that he is in love with Connie and wants to marry her. Connie coolly tells Steve to leave, and Steve, who is planning to move to California as soon as he has earned enough money for a train ticket, says a final goodbye. The next day, however, Timmy takes his train set back to Crowley's and tearfully asks Mr. Crowley for a refund so that Steve will not be penniless. After Timmy returns home and presents a worried Connie with his refund money, she and Carl drive to Steve's hotel. When Connie refuses to see Steve, Carl deduces that she is genuinely in love with him and graciously "divorces" her. Connie then delivers the money to Steve, but he refuses to propose again until she has proven to him that she is through grieving for her husband. Once again, Connie storms off in anger, but later, on a lonely New Year's Eve, she realizes her future is with Steve. As Steve celebrates the New Year on a west-bound train, he receives a telegram informing him that Connie and Timmy are joining him and rushes happily to embrace them between cars. 