 Mission: Impossible (19661973)44) An elite covert operations unit carries out highly sensitive missions subject to official denial in the event of failure, death or capture. Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) is the head of a super-secret government agency, the I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force), and is often given secret anonymous covert missions to attempt. Quite often, they are unmasking criminals or rescuing hostages. He picks his team depending on which tasks need to be done. One thing is vital on an Impossible Mission: the mission must be carried out in entire secrecy, often relying on high-tech equipment and elaborate deceptions. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> The I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force) is an elite group of Agents chosen for their various abilities to infiltrate foreign governments as well as criminal organizations that are seen as threats to the security of the nation. Originally, they were lead by Daniel Briggs (Steven Hill), but he was replaced by Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) after one year. Amongst its members are electronics executive Barney Collier (Greg Morris), actor and master of disguise Rollin Hand (Martin Landau), model Cinnamon Carter (Barbara Bain) and strongman Willy Armitage (Peter Lupus). In later years, Rollin leaves the team and is replaced by another master of disguise simply known as Paris (Leonard Nimoy), and Cinnamon is replaced first by young Dana Lambert (Lesley Ann Warren) and then Lisa Casey (Lynda Day George). Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> The I.M.F. (Impossible Missions Force) is an elite force of Agents who are given orders by tape and are asked to do jobs that are considered impossible by any other known means. The art of the con is used time and time again, and the Agents use technology, drugs, and plain greed to achieve their goals. Dan Briggs, Leader IMF It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 