 The Dukes of Hazzard (19791985)44) The adventures of the fast-drivin', rubber-burnin' Duke boys of Hazzard County. Cousins Bo and Luke Duke and their car "General Lee", assisted by Cousin Daisy and Uncle Jesse, have a running battle with the authorities of Hazzard County (Boss Hogg and Sheriff Coltrane), plus a string of ne'er-do-wells often backed by the scheming Hogg. Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu> Series set in the rural community of Hazzard. The Dukes are a family who were once moonshiners but when cousins Bo and Luke were caught; they were given probation on the condition that they give up moon shining, which they did. Now every now and then they learn that J.D. Hogg who is called Boss Hogg is up to something so they do what they can to stop him especially when someone close to them is being threatened by Hogg. So along with their Uncle Jesse, their lovely cousin Daisy, and their good friend and mechanic, Cooter they stop every one of Boss' schemes. They are also fortunate that Hogg's right hand man, Roscoe Coltrane who is also the Sheriff is not very competent, and that his Deputy though loyal to Hogg and Roscoe is not corrupt and has a thing for Daisy, is a tad clumsy. During the 5th season, Tom Wopat and John Schneider who play Luke and Bo had a contract dispute with the show, so they were written off with them at the NASCAR circuit, so cousins, Coy and Vance came to stay with Uncle Jesse and help him and Daisy with their encounters with Hogg. rcs0411@yahoo.com Bo and Luke Duke were handsome and honest hotshots and cousins living with their Uncle Jesse and sexy short-shorts-wearin' cousin Daisy on a farm in Hazzard County located somewhere in the Southern United States. While mostly interested in minding their own business (and driving at very high speeds in their souped-up Dodge Charger [nicknamed the General Lee]), the Duke boys sometimes fell prey to the greedy schemes of corrupt town leader Boss Hogg and his dimwitted flunky Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. Sometimes serving as "Robin Hood" types (replete with bows and flaming arrows), the Dukes attempted to help out their friends and neighbors in distress and avoid being jailed by the unscrupulous Hogg. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 