 Body Heat (1981)651) In the midst of a searing Florida heat wave, a woman persuades her lover, a small-town lawyer, to murder her rich husband. Ned Racine is a seedy small town lawyer in Florida. During a searing heatwave he's picked up by married Matty Walker. A passionate affair commences but it isn't long before they realise the only thing standing in their way is Matty's rich husband Edmund. A plot hatches to kill him but will they pull it off? Col Needham <col@imdb.com> A heat wave has settled over the Florida coast. The heat doesn't affect the overactive sex drive of womanizing Ned Racine, a somewhat inept Miranda Beach lawyer who has his own small law firm. Although he spies several women as possible conquests, the one he really has his sights set on is the beautiful Matty Walker, who he can tell comes from money by her appearance. She flirts with him despite his less than subtle come-ons and she thinking him simple minded. Ultimately she tells him that nothing will happen between them since she's married, her wealthy businessman husband, Edmund Walker, who comes to their home in upscale Pinehaven only on the weekends if that at all. Despite Matty playing hard to get, which turns Ned on more, the two begin a passionate affair. She stipulates he can't tell anyone of their affair, which is against the general behavior of telling his friends, public attorney Peter Lowenstein and police detective Oscar Grace. As their affair escalates into a declaration of love, it also turns to one of greed, wanting both each other and Edmund's money. Since Matty signed a prenuptial agreement that would provide her nothing upon a divorce, they decide instead to murder Edmund. As they proceed with the plot, they encounter some unforeseen obstacles, including some the result of last minute changes to the plan by Matty without her notifying Ned beforehand. But after he is unable to heed the advice of Peter and Oscar, Ned comes to some realizations about what he's gotten himself into. By that time, it may be too late both for himself and for Matty. Huggo In a small Florida town, the weather is hot. And for Ned Racine, a seedy lawyer with an overactive sex drive, things are about to get hotter. He makes a play for the intoxicating blonde he spots at an outdoor concert. He seems to be making progress, but she disappears; yet not before he learns enough about her to find her again. He finds her in a bar. She invites him to her place to look at her wind chimes. He sees them; she sends him away. But he knows she really wants him, and he's right. He looks inside. She's waiting for him. There's only one thing left for a self-respecting lecher to do: throw a chair through the window. Their torrid affair has begun, and everything seems to be his idea: even when the idea is to murder her husband. J. Spurlin In the hot Pinehaven, Florida, the smalltime wolf lawyer Ned Racine flirts with the sexy but married Matty Walker and they begin a torrid love affair. After a short period together, she convinces him that her husband and mobster, Edmund Walker, is an obstacle for their passion and they have a prenuptial agreement; therefore he should be eliminated. Ned carefully plots a perfect scheme for killing Edmund. However things go wrong when successive evidences are disclosed conspiring against him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During a particularly intense, humid Florida heatwave, disreputable lawyer Ned Racine ( William Hurt ) runs Matty Walker ( Kathleen Turner ) at a bar. She is married, although her wealthy husband Edmund Walker ( Richard Crenna ) is as usual away on business. Ned pursues her and they begin an affair. A few nights later, Ned arrives at the Walker mansion and playfully offers to have sex with a woman that he mistakes for Matty. Matty introduces her as Mary Ann Simpson ( Kim Zimmer ), a life-long friend since high school. She bears a strong resemblance to Matty, Soon after, Matty reluctantly tells Ned she wants to divorce Edmund, but their prenuptial agreement would leave her with little money. She wishes her husband were dead. Eventually, Ned suggests murdering Edmund so Matty can inherit his wealth. He consults a shady former client, Teddy Lewis ( Mickey Rourke ), an expert arsonist, who supplies Ned with an incendiary device while strongly encouraging him to abandon whatever he is scheming. On the night Ned plans to kill Edmund, he drives to Miami and checks into a motel to give himself an alibi. He then drives back to Edmund and Matty's house and murders Edmund. Ned moves Edmund's body to an abandoned beachfront hotel that Edmund owns. Ned detonates the arson device, hoping to make it look like Edmund tried to commit arson and insurance fraud, but was accidentally killed in the process. Soon after, Edmund's lawyer Miles Hardin ( Michael Ryan ) contacts Ned about the new will that Ned he is supposed to have prepared for Edmund. It was witnessed by the same Mary Ann Simpson Ned met at Matty's. Ned is told the new will he prepared is invalid, meaning Edmund died intestate, without a will. It means that Matty will inherit Edmund's entire fortune, while disinheriting his surviving blood relatives, including his niece Heather Kraft ( Carola McGuinness ). Matty later reveals to Ned that she forged the will and his signature, knowing that it would be nullified and that she would be the sole beneficiary. Ned knows the police will be suspicious about the sudden change to Edmund's will shortly before his death. Two of Ned's friends, assistant deputy prosecutor Peter Lowenstein ( Ted Danson ), and police detective Oscar Grace ( J.A. Preston ), suspect that Ned may be involved in Edmund's death. Edmund's eyeglasses, which he always wore, cannot be found in the burned building, suggested he was killed elsewhere. The police also cannot find Mary Ann Simpson, the woman who witnessed the will. Ned is increasingly nervous about the mounting evidence implicating him. Questioning Matty's intentions, Ned run into a lawyer ( Thom Sharp ) in a bar who once sued him over an improperly prepared will. The lawyer says that to make amends, he recommended Ned to Matty Walker. Ned forces him to admit that he told her about Ned's botched will. The will that Matty prepared contained the exact same error. Lowenstein tells Ned that on the night of the murder, hotel phone records show that someone repeatedly called Ned's room without getting an answer. Ned realizes this Grace and Lowenstein know his alibi is false. Teddy, who is in jail, asks Ned to come see him. He tells Ned that a woman using Ned's name came to him. She bought an incendiary device and asked Teddy to show her how to use a door to trigger it. Matty calls Ned and tells him that the housekeeper found the glasses and is demanding blackmail. Matty says she paid the housekeeper, who left the glasses in the boat house behind her home. Matty asks Ned to go to the boat house and get them. Ned goes to the boat house and cautiously looks through the window. He sees a long, twisted electrical wire attached to the inside of the door. Ned starts to leave, but then decides to wait for Matty. Sometime later, she arrives. Ned asks her to get the glasses. Matty walks toward the boathouse. The boathouse explodes. Grace witnesses the explosion. The police find a burned corpse inside the boathouse. It is identified through dental records as Matty Tyler Walker. In prison, Ned realizes that Matty duped him. He tries to convince Grace that she is still alive. He believes the woman he knew as "Matty" assumed the real Matty Tyler's identity to marry and murder Edmund for his money. The "Mary Ann Simpson" (actually Matty Tyler) that Ned met had discovered the scheme and was blackmailing Matty, who killed her. Ned realizes that if had had been killed in the boathouse explosion, the police would have found both his and Matty Tyler's bodies, closing the case. Sitting in his cell, Ned obtains a copy of Matty's high school yearbook: in it are photos of Mary Ann Simpson and Matty Tyler, confirming his suspicion that Mary Ann assumed Matty Walker's identity. Below Mary Ann's photo is the nickname "The Vamp" and "Ambition-To be rich and live in an exotic land". Mary Ann (Matty) orders a drink while lounging on a tropical beach alongside a Brazilian Portuguese-speaking man. 