 Fingers (1978)Summaries A dysfunctional young man is pulled between loyalties to his Italian mob-connected loan shark father and his mentally disturbed Jewish concert pianist mother. Keitel plays the lead in this schizophrenic movie in which he is continually pulled by the two conflicting sides of his personality, on the one hand that of a quiet piano virtuoso and on the other a ruthless debt collector for his mobster father. <gilesw@hotmail.com> Probably without knowing it, Jimmy Angelelli is an emotional wreck of a man in being pulled in several different and often conflicting directions, some of those having to do with his parents and their control over him and thus his loyalty to them in return. One direction is in working for his loan shark father, mafioso Ben Angelelli, as one of his more effective collectors, Jimmy who, however, won't ever go as far as killing someone for not paying. Another direction is in his love for music, he being, like his institutionalized mother Ruth, a talented classical pianist - hence his nickname of Fingers - his love in that regard especially for Johann Sebastian Bach , whose Toccata in E minor he can play to perfection in the confines of his apartment. He plans to use that piece to audition for Ruth's old friend and colleague Arthur Fox to perform in concert at Carnegie Hall. His musical predilection however runs a wide gamut as he continually carries around a mini boombox to listen primarily to Motown tunes of the 1950 and 1960s, he playing his favorite songs as he wanders around his New York neighborhood, the tunes blaring regardless of the locale. Another direction is meeting what he deems his own physical needs in a sexual sense, which don't always mesh what his brain is telling him. This issue causes complications as he pursues Carol, an artist he spots in his neighborhood, she who has her own complicated existence especially as it concerns Dreems, a club owner. Jimmy's tightly wound existence has the potential to snap, the question being what form that trigger will be and how the snap will manifest in his life. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 