 Breezy (1973)44) A young girl tries to find her way in life, suffering from her own naivete and sincerity. Breezy (Kay Lenz) is a teenage hippie with a big heart. After taking a ride with a man who only wants her for sex, Breezy manages to escape. She runs to hide on a secluded property where stands the home of a middle-aged divorced man, Frank Harmon (William Holden). Frank reluctantly takes Breezy in only to fall, unexpectedly, in love with her. Kelly In this Counterculture vs. Establishment romance, Frank Harmon (William Holden) is a middle-aged businessman, recently divorced and bitter about his life and the world in general. One morning he discovers a pretty, hippie-esque girl who calls herself Breezy (Kay Lenz) asleep on his front porch. Frank asks her to leave and she politely obeys. She forgets her guitar, however, and returns the next day to retrieve it. Breezy also asks Frank if he would let her take a bath. He agrees, and even lets her sleep at his house that night. A few days later, Breezy turns up at again at Frank's doorstep with a cop; after being arrested for vagrancy, she told the police that she lived with her uncle Frank. Frank plays along and, against his better judgment, agrees to let her stay with him. After spending time together, Frank and Breezy open up to each other, discussing their feelings on a variety of issues. A friendship grows between them that, in time, becomes a love affair, but Frank's friends find fault in his new romance, and he breaks it off, a decision he comes to regret. This was the first movie Clint Eastwood directed in which he did not star, something he would not do again until Bird (1988). Jack Herer A free-spirited young woman, Breezy, hitches a ride with an aging real estate salesman, Frank. Sensing that she just wants to use him he tries to have nothing to do with her. She's not that easy to shake, however, and over time a bond forms between them. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 