 Sheena (1984)44) Sheena grew up in the African wild, raised by a mystical witch woman. When her foster mother is framed for a murder Sheena is forced to flee, helped by her ability to talk to animals and her knowledge of the jungle. Sheena's white parents are killed while on Safari. She is raised by the mystical witch woman of an African tribe. When her foster mother is framed for the murder of a political leader, Sheena and a newsman, Vic Casey are forced to flee while pursued by the mercenaries hired by the real killer, who hopes to assume power. Sheena's ability to talk to the animals and knowledge of jungle lore give them a chance against the high tech weapons of the mercenaries. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Raised by the isolated African tribe of the noble Zambouli, an orphaned, golden-haired white girl becomes the fulfilment of an ancient prophecy about a brave protector in times of need. Guided by a wise native shaman, the girl grows into Sheena, Queen of the Jungle, destined to save the Zambouli from total annihilation by the arrogant Prince Otwani, who covets the vast titanium reserve of the tribe's sacred Gudjara Mountain. Now, with the help of her animal friends, Chango, the elephant; Marika, the zebra; Tiki, the chimpanzee, and the American reporter named Vic Casey, Sheena must do everything in her power to protect the land. Can Queen Sheena, the animal whisperer, expose a sinister conspiracy and save her idyllic slice of Paradise? Nick Riganas This is the story of Sheena whose white parents are killed while on Safari. She is raised by the mystical witch woman of an African tribe. As Sheena grows up, she learns much from the Shaman about the lore of the jungle and the ways of all its creatures and is even entrusted with the secret of telepathic communication with the animals. Outsiders rarely disturb their territory, since that part of Tigora is under the special protection of King Jabalani. But trouble is brewing in Tigora. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 