 The Simpsons (1989 )77) The satiric adventures of a working-class family in the misfit city of Springfield. This is an animated sitcom about the antics of a dysfunctional family. Homer is the oafish unhealthy beer loving father, Marge is the hardworking homemaker wife, Bart is the perpetual ten-year-old underachiever (and proud of it), Lisa is the unappreciated eight-year-old genius, and Maggie is the cute, pacifier loving silent infant. Sam Kelly The amazing misadventures of Homer, the fat and 'DOH!' childish father, Marge, the mother that brings the family together, Bart, the rebellious and prankster 10 year old, Lisa, the nerdy, goody-goody daughter, Maggie, the 1 year old who always ends up saving the day and Grampa Simpson, along with many other characters, involved in the stories of Springfield. The Simpsons are a very politically incorrect family. Homer works with pride in a nuclear power plant run with more regard for profit that safety. His wife is Marge, a kind of supermom. They have three kids: Bart, an underachiever ("and proud of it"), Lisa (who is as serious and responsible as Bart isn't), and Maggie. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> The Simpsons is the ultimate (if very unorthodox) nuclear family. Homer, the lovable dufus father, stumbles apathetically through his family life and work at the local nuclear power plant. Marge, the overbearing, but responsible mother, Bart, the fourth grade underachiever and nemesis to Springfield elementary's principal, Lisa, the brainy and responsible eight-year-old, and Maggie, the oft-forgotten baby, round out the family. Based on a series of small cartoon sketches from The Tracy Ullman Show (1987), the Simpsons enjoy many wacky exploits in their hometown and beyond. Other characters include an incompetent lawyer, the tyrranical nuclear power plant owner, the too-perfect neighbors (the Flanders) of the Simpsons, and the less than perfect "Klown", Krusty. Colorful characters and situations abound. Sam Hayes <gshayes@mail.gwi.net> Animated primetime series that follows the exploits of a hapless and semi-dysfunctional nuclear family named the Simpsons, who live in the fictional town of Springfield, whose various inhabitants add to the comedy, angst, satire, and parody of this series. Ondre Lombard <olombard@lombard.dialup.cyberverse.com> The Simpsons are a dysfunctional family living in Springfield. Homer, the man of the house, is a safety inspector at the nuclear power plant. Homer constantly spends most of his time at Moe's Tavern getting drunk. Marge is a hard-working housewife with three children. Bart is a clever ten-year-old who loves pranking others. Lisa is the genius of the Simpson family. She receives very excellent grades in school. She is the most trusted person in school and a "principal's pet". Maggie is the youngest. Maggie has only spoken one word. The Simpsons get themselves in some crazy adventures. Seth Weinstein (problemchild4@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 