 Crocodile Dundee (1986)44) An American reporter goes to the Australian outback to meet an eccentric crocodile poacher and invites him to New York City. Intrigued by the near-death experience of the rugged hunter, Michael J. "Crocodile" Dundee, after a close encounter with a monstrous saltwater crocodile, the New York City reporter, Sue Charlton, travels to Australia, to meet the legend in person. There, in the dusty hamlet of Walkabout Creek and the formidable outback, dangerous situations and unforeseen romantic complications await; however, Sue already knows that nothing compares to the urban jungle of the great Big Apple. So, like a fish out of water, Mick leaves Australia for the first time in his life for Manhattan's concrete maze, where he comes face-to-face with the complexities of modern life. But, will the unpretentious bushman ever adapt to the big city? Nick Riganas Michael J. "Crocodile" Dundee is an Australian crocodile hunter who lives in the Australian outback and runs a safari business with his trusted friend and mentor Walter Reilly. After surviving a crocodile attack, a New York journalist named Sue arrives to interview Mick about how he survived and learns more about the crocodile hunter. After saving Sue from a crocodile, Sue invites Mick to visit New York City, since Mick has never been to a city. Mick finds the culture and life in New York City a lot different than his home and he finds himself falling in love with Sue. Daniel Williamson New York reporter Sue travels to Australia to meet and interview Michael J Crocodile Dundee, a man who runs a safari business and has just survived an attack by a crocodile. After spending a few days touring the safari park, Sue invites Mick to come back with her to visit New York. How would the clash of cultures and different life style affect the Aussie bushman? How do things turn out when Sue falls for his charms? Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 