 Crocodile Dundee II (1988)44) Australian outback expert protects his New York love from gangsters who've followed her down under. One short year after the life-changing adventure in Crocodile Dundee (1986) , the rugged hunter from Down Under, Michael J. "Crocodile" Dundee, has managed to become a legend even in New York City. Living happily with Newsday's tenacious journalist, Sue Charlton, Mick will soon find himself neck-deep in trouble, when the love of his life becomes the target of the murderous Colombian drug cartel leader, Luis Rico. Now, from Manhattan's urban jungle to Walkabout Creek's dangerous wilderness, Mick will have to put to good use his unparalleled survival skills, to protect Sue from Rico's evil henchmen. But, do they know that they are no match for the Australian Crocodile Dundee? Nick Riganas Mick and Sue continue where they left off in "'Crocodile' Dundee". New York City drug lords are pursuing Sue for having solid evidence against them for murder, so for her safety, Mick takes her back to Australia. When the gangsters follow them, Mick demonstrates his outback skills once more. Rob Hartill Living with Sue after she stopped him from leaving New York City to go off and explore America, after she confessed that she loves him, Australian Crocodile Hunter Michael J. 'Crocodile' Dundee still trying to adapt to life in New York City and getting use to a different culture is about to use his hunting and survival skills yet again, when Sue is kidnapped by crime boss Rico and his associates, when Sue's Ex husband photographer Bob Tanner witnesses a brutal crime and takes snapshots of the crime and sends them to Sue. Mick rescues Sue from Rico and his associates. Mick decides to take Sue back home with him to Australia, as his best bet of protecting Sue. But when Rico and his associates arrive after tracking Sue and Mick down, Mick takes them on by doing what he does best. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 