 10 to Midnight (1983)44) An LAPD detective and his rookie partner are on the trail of a psychopathic young man who is murdering young women. In Los Angeles, the rookie Detective Paul McAnn teams up with the veteran Detective Leo Kessler to investigate the murder of Betty Johnson and her boyfriend that were stabbed by a naked serial-killer in a park. Detective Kessler recognizes the victim, who lived in the same neighborhood many years ago and childhood friend of his daughter Laurie Kessler. The killer Warren Stacy goes to the funeral and overhears Betty's father telling Detective Kessler that his daughter had a diary. Warren breaks in Betty's apartment and stabs and kills her roommate Karen Smalley trying to find the diary. But Karen had already delivered the journal to Detective Kessler. Leo Kessler is sure that Warren is the serial-killer and her plants a false evidence in his apartment. However, Warren's defense lawyer presses Detective McAnn accusing him of perjury and Warren is released. Now Warren is stalking Laurie to revenge against her father. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A young, handsome n physically fit guy kills women who reject him cos of his creepy behavior. He is always one step ahead of lawmen as he is an expert in constructing solid alibis, killing his victims while naked to minimize evidence and blood and always uses latex gloves to hide fingerprints. But one veteran cop is hell bent on taking him down even if it means the wrong way. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com A serial killer gets his kicks by knifing his victims while naked. A veteran cop, Leo Kessler believes that he has found the killer and plants fake evidence to obtain a conviction. When this "evidence" is discovered the killer is released, and plans his revenge by stalking Kessler's daughter... Rhino <rhino@blueyonder.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 