 Andaz (1949)55) Dilip loves Neena, but she treats him only as a friend. Later she gets married to Rajan. When he comes to know that Dilip once loved Neena, he misunderstands them and things change a lot then. Nina is the rich and spoiled daughter of a rich businessman. One day while horse-riding she loses control of her horse and is rescued by a young man named Dilip. Dilip instantly takes a liking to her and starts to frequently visit her house where he entertains her with his singing along with Nina's friend Sheela. Nina's father dislikes this and tries to make Nina realize that spending so much time with Dilip is not wise as Dilip could misunderstand her friendship with him for love. On the day of Sheela's birthday party, Dilip realizes he has fallen in love with Nina and tries to tell her. However tragedy strikes when Nina's father dies of a heart attack that same day and this leaves Nina devastated. Dilip comforts her and tries to reveal his true feelings for her but is shocked by the arrival of Nina's fianc Rajan who has returned from London. Dilip is shocked that Nina never mentioned that she was already engaged and in love with Rajan. Rajan and Nina eventually get married and Dilip shocks Nina when he finally reveals his true feelings for Nina on the same day of the wedding. Nina is shocked by Dilip's revelation as she only thinks of him as a good friend. This revelation causes strain in Rajan and Nina's marriage as Rajan starts to suspect whether Nina could be having an affair with Dilip and notices that Nina is acting very distant towards Dilip since the day of their wedding. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Melodrama. Uses a woman, Nargis, as a pivotal figure to highlight the division and tension between independent, capitalist modern India and the tug of feudal and family values. The denouement is when all the problems in the plot are laid squarely at the feet of the 'modern' woman. She should have retained family values and stayed within confines and not become a temptress! Ravi Sandhu <raju@ihug.co.nz> Love triangle between Rajan, Neeta & Dilip. Rajan & Neeta love each other. Dilip thinks Neeta loves him. When Rajan returns from London Dilip comes to know the truth. Then Rajan starts doubting Neeta... <amit@wiliki.eng.hawaii.edu> Dilip comes from a poor family. One day he comes across a beautiful woman on horseback, when all of a sudden the horse gets out of control, throwing the woman off, injuring her in the process. Dilip asssits this woman, who is none other multi-millionaire, Neeta, and helps her recover. Neeta is grateful to Dilip, and both get very friendly with each other. Rajan, Neeta's financee returns from overseas, and both of them get married. Dilip, who had fallen in love with Neeta, is heartbroken and dismayed at this turn of events. Neeta continues to meet with Dilip even after the marriage, and Rajan too welcomes Dilip in their household. But when Rajan notices that Neeta talks and refers to Dilip a lot, he starts to suspect that both may be having an affair with each other. It is than Rajan decides to take drastic steps, and these steps will change the lives of this trio forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 