 Just One of the Guys (1985)44) Terry feels discriminated against when the summer jobs at Sun Tribune go to 2 guys. She decides to do something about it. She dresses like a guy and gets a haircut. Will students at the other high school notice? Girls notice "him". Terry Griffith has got it all -- looks, popularity, the perfect college boyfriend, and an article that's a shoo-in to win her a summer internship at the local newspaper... or so she thinks. When Terry's journalism teacher passes her article up in favor of a couple of pieces written by boys, Terry is convinced that sexism is to blame. Determined to win the internship at any cost, Terry goes undercover at a rival high school to resubmit her article... as a boy. But Terry gets more than she bargained for when she finds herself fending off a bully and the advances of an oversexed female admirer, and falling for her new pal Rick. Faith The teenager Terry Griffith is an aspiring journalist that believes she was discriminated by her teacher in the high-school in a competition for an internship in a local newspaper because she is a girl. She decides to disguise and pose as a boy in another high-school to see if she gets the internship. Her brother Buddy Griffith and her best friend Denise help her and she hides the situation from her boyfriend Kevin. She befriends her schoolmate Rick Morehouse and helps him to be successful with the girls. But the problem is that she falls in love with Rick while she learns that she had not been discriminated. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Utterly convinced that gender discrimination was the real reason that she lost out on a summer newspaper internship, the aspiring high-school journalist, Terry Griffith, summons up the courage to do the unthinkable. Bent on proving her worth as a reporter, Terry switches schools and assumes a male identity with the aid of her younger brother, Buddy, hoping to pass herself off as a boy and to prove her point. Before long, the new, swaggering and short-haired Terry arrives at the rival campus to turn the tables on her journalism teacher, completely unaware, however, that an obnoxious bully and an unforeseen teenage love affair await her. But, what will it take to be just one of the guys? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 