 I Am Curious (Yellow) (1967)Summaries Told in a quasi-documentary style, this companion piece to Jag r nyfiken - en film i bltt (1968) deals with topics such as class society, non-violent resistance, sex, relationships, and tourism to Francoist Spain. Lena, aged twenty, wants to know all she can about life and reality. She collects information on everyone and everything, storing her findings in an enormous archive. She experiments with relationships, political activism, and meditation. Meanwhile, the actors, director and crew are shown in a humorous parallel plot about the making of the film and their reactions to the story and each other. Nudity, explicit sex, and controversial politics kept this film from being shown in the US while its seizure by Customs was appealed. Molly Malloy <mailcall@ansel.intersource.com> Under his production company Sandrews, forty-two year old filmmaker Vilgot Sjman is planning to make a film starring his current girlfriend, twenty-two year old drama student, Lena Nyman . The plot outline of the movie, titled "Lena on the Road", is as follows. The lead character, also named Lena, is a socio-political activist, who espouses among other things social equality and pacifism. The small room in the flat she shares with her divorced father is crammed with items reflecting her views, most notably a portrait of Francisco Franco and a chalkboard on which she writes the number of days passed in the Spanish Civil War. When she is not protesting with her friends, she goes around Stockholm interviewing people - both those in authority as well as the average Joe and Jane - about their socio-political views on topics of importance to her. Upon a chance encounter at the framing shop where her father works, Lena is pursued by Brje, the two who enter into a sexual relationship. He is her twenty-fourth sexual partner, files which she has on all of them. Their relationship is passionate and stormy, the latter based on what Lena learns is his current relationship status with other women which he did not initially divulge to her. Lena's life is altered by her experiences with Brje. Similarly, through the process of making the movie, Lena, the actress, and Vilgot's own relationship is changed as a direct outcome. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 