 White Water Summer (1987)431) The story of a shy boy who gets convinced by his parents to spend a few summer days in the mountains. So, he joins a group, and the vacation begins. Unfortunately, things turn out to be a little tough for our small friend. An experienced guide (Vic) accompanies a city boy (Alan) and his three friends on their first wilderness experience. Hoping to teach the four boys lessons not only about the wilderness, but about themselves, Vic pushes them to the limit. Soon after alienating the boys, Vic finds himself in desperate need of help and must rely on his students in order to survive. Wayne Coleman <waynecoleman@swbell.net> A coming of age tale in which a geeky little boy's parents are convinced to send their son on an outdoors adventure by the group leader. The boy, Alan, is forced to change from a technical thinking, baseball-listening loner into a man of action leader. The movie chronicles the challenges set before Alan by nature, crew leader Vic, and the violence of other crew members. When the time comes will Alan be able to save a crew member's life with his new leadership skills? FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An older and more mature and confident Alan narrates the film from the woods, starting at the beginning. Alan's parents want him to do something worthwhile with his summer, and camp counselor Vic is trying to encourage him to go on a camping adventure with several other boys. Alan, who is smart and kind of a nerd who hates the idea of an outdoor adventure, does not want to go, but his parents manage to persuade him. The other boys are Mitch, George and Chris, and they are kind of mean like many boys their age. One of the boys buys a Penthouse magazine at their last stop to buy supplies before arriving at their destination, and the boys enjoy looking at that occasionally. At their first campsite, Alan is assigned to go get the water. While doing that he uses a knife to carve his initials in a tree. One of the boys causes him to lose the water he was carrying, but that's not all. Vic takes away his knife for disturbing nature. When they reach the river, Vic wants one of the boys to go with him and help paddle the canoe, while the others carry their supplies and equipment along a trail. Alan is chosen to go with Vic, but he doesn't know what he is doing and loses his paddle. To reach their second destination requires crossing a rickety and scary rope bridge several hundred feet above a gorge. Alan is afraid to cross but he comes later, forgetting that he was supposed to bring the tent poles. Vic sends him back and when he nearly falls, he gives up. Alan returns saying it is too dark and he couldn't see the poles, though he has lost his glasses. Vic has the poles and reprimands Alan for lying, because he was there and saw Alan quit. The group goes to an island and Vic teaches the boys how to catch fish with their bare hands. Alan is much more creative, building a trap. Vic punishes him by throwing back the fish he caught and tells Alan to clean the fish the others caught while the rest of the group returns to their campsite. When he has cleaned the fish, Alan is to signal that he is ready to be picked up. After a rainy night, Alan has done nothing, so the boys come to pick Alan up and he has disposed of the fish. When the boys return to the campsite, Vic is missing and the boys don't know what to do, but somehow they make it through another rainy night. Eventually, they find Vic, and he praises them for being so self-reliant, but they are becoming increasingly frustrated with him. The final adventure involves rock climbing, and Vic demands the boys behave and work together because what they are doing is very dangerous. Each of the boys other than Alan get a turn at some called "pendulum", where they swing away from the rock. Each boy enjoys it and tells the others they will too. Alan can't do it. So Vic just leaves him there and says when he is ready, he will join the others, and they head north. The boys demand that Vic go back for Alan and he refuses. Alan eventually has to figure things out on his own and he finally gets to the point where he can stand and start walking. He arrives at the campsite and the others are glad to see him, but the boys all want to go home and when Vic won't take them, they leave anyway. Vic and Chris get in an argument, Chris throws a rock at Vic, and Vic falls, breaking his leg. Alan is able to rig a contraption to raise Vic up to where they are. The others want to go for help and just leave Vic, but Alan says someone needs to stay with Vic. As Vic's condition gets worse, Alan realizes he has to take Vic to civilization, and he figures out how to move Vic to the canoe. With Vic's help, Alan is successful in getting the canoe far enough down the river that a helicopter is overhead when they have to leave the water. Vic praises Alan's abilities. The movie ends with the older Alan talking about what he has done since then, and revealing that the woods are really in a city. 