 Never on Tuesday (1988)321) After their cars collide on a desert highway in the middle of nowhere, two friends and a woman they both like must wait for someone to pass by and help them. Unfortunately, those who do stop turn out to be criminals, eccentrics or wackos. Matt and Eddie are two young men from the mid-west travelling to California to see the sights - primarily semi-clad women on beaches. They hop into their car and head off through the desert on their quest. Hours from civilization the two are horsing around inside the car, lose control, and collide with the only car they've seen for miles. The driver of the other car is Tuesday, the most beautiful woman they've ever seen. Stranded in the desert, Matt and Eddie fantasize about Tuesday while they wait for someone to stop and help them. A motley collection of humanity happen by, but few are willing to help. Brian D. Switzer <bswitzer@uoguelph.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. While watching a reel of hot women at a beach in California, best friends Matt (Andrew Lauer) and Eddie (Peter Berg) plan a road trip to Los Angles in order to go and meet these women. Matt and Eddie embark on their road trip. While driving through the desert, Eddie asks Matt how his hair looks. Matt won't answer and instead reaches over and messes up Eddies hair. Eddie hits Matt, causing Matt, who is driving, to lose his glasses and control of the vehicle. They swerve and crash into an oncoming car. After the accident, Matt and Eddie are afraid they've killed the other driver. They debate who should get out of the car to check, and then they both decide to get out together When they approach the other car, Matt and Eddie realize that the other driver is not only alive, but that she is a very attractive woman (Claudia Christian). Matt and Eddie are excited by the supposed turn of events. Eddie fixes his hair while Matt briefly talks to her. They decide to drive to the nearest town to get help, but neither car will start. Eddie attempts to fix the other car in order to impress the attractive driver when red sports car pulls up. A man with a high pitched voice (Nicolas Cage) pulls up and asks if they need help. Eddie, trying to impress the attractive driver, tells him to leave. The man gets back in his car and leaves. Eddie struggles to open the hood and suggests that the car is beyond repair. The other driver reveals that her name is Tuesday and she is on her way to New York. Realizing they are all stuck together, Tuesday sits between Matt and Eddie, briefly seducing them. She then reveals that she is a lesbian and actually not interested them at all. Matt and Eddie privately decide that she just has not been with the right guy and decide to continue to pursue her. Eddie and Tuesday talk while Matt has a dream sequence of kissing Tuesday while in a swimming pool. While sitting outside of the car drinking pineapple juice, Tuesday reveals that she is a photographer and it is very important that she reaches New York by Monday - there she will be meeting with her model who is also her girlfriend. A white car approaches, interrupting their conversation. They wave the car down and salesman, Lucky Larry Lupin, gets out and tries to sell them a brush wizard. Eddie purchases a brush and they ask for a ride to town. Larry reveals that he doesn't have a drivers license and therefore cannot give them a ride. He speeds away. Tuesday and Matt toss a football and Eddie fantasizes about marrying Tuesday. Tuesday leaves to use the restroom and while she is gone, Matt and Eddie discuss if Tuesday is really homosexual, or if she is actually just bisexual. Eddie believes he still has a chance but Matt disagrees. Matt, Eddie and Tuesday get into an argument about who was at fault for their car accident. Afterwards, they all sit in silence and Tuesday attempts to make peace. Later that night Eddie, Tuesday, and Matt make a small fire and talk about sex. Tuesday asks if the boys are virgins. When they deny being virgins, she asks them to recount their first time having sex. Matt tells a story about having sex with a date, and Eddie tells a story about losing his virginity during a conference in an elevator, but Matt points out that his story is clearly false. They ask Tuesday about her first time. Tuesday reveals that the first girl she had sex with is now dead. They talk about reincarnation and what animal they would want to come back as. Eddie reveals that he and Matt have been friends since nursery school. Matt fantasizes about having sex with Tuesday. Matt tells a scary campfire story about the "lonesome wanderers" - desert Zombies - scaring Tuesday. Eddie slow dances with Tuesday and Matt cuts in. While dancing, Matt has a fantasy that they are all old and at a dinner party. Eddie is with an old woman who did not age well, and Matt is with Tuesday who is still young and attractive. Tuesday and Matt rip their clothes off at the dinner party and make love on the table in front of their guests. While dancing, Matt tells Tuesday he respects her sexuality but cannot help but be attracted to her. The following day, the trio runs out of water. They begin to contemplate their place in the universe. Matt has an emotional outburst. Overwhelmed by the circumstances, he decides to walk to the nearest town and heads down the road. He quickly returns and faints. Matt fantasizes about having sex with Tuesday on a bed in the middle of the desert while surrounded by ballerinas. He comes to and sits in his car to cool off. Matt plays with a toy figurine. Eddie says he is hungry. Tuesday gets her camera and takes pictures of the boys. Matt takes the camera and attempts to take some pictures. Matt says he thinks they will be dead by nightfall and Eddie says he doesn't want to die a virgin. Realizing his slip-up, Eddie admits he is a virgin. Matt and Tuesday briefly taunt him. Later, Tuesday attempts to comfort Eddie about being a virgin. A black car pulls up to the trio and a leather clad man (Charlie Sheen) gets out. He is drinking heavily and pulls out a knife, grabbing Matt. He demands that they hand over their money and threatens to cut Matt's throat. He continues to hurl insults and demands that they hand over most of their possessions, including their boombox and camera. The man lets Matt go, gets into his car, and drives away. The trio assess their losses and Matt reveals that he had hidden $300 in his shoe. He gives some money to Tuesday and Eddie, but their prospects still look bleak. They decide to walk down the road in a last ditch effort to find help, only to notice an approaching policemen on a motorcycle. As they report the robbery, the cop begins acting erratically, demanding that they feel his neck and pointing a gun at Matt as a joke. He says he will call them a tow truck and tosses Tuesday an ice cold Pepsi and tells her to keep cool before driving away without buckling his helmet. Eddie fantasizes about having sex with Tuesday on his car. In real life, he tells Tuesday that he likes her. The tow-trucks arrive and Tuesday admits that she won't be able to make it to New York on time at this point. The tow truck employees ask suggestively if the trio spend the night together. Tuesday kisses Eddie and then Matt, thanking them for their company. She wishes them luck in California. They all hi-five and get into their respective tow trucks. Before driving away, the tow-truck driver flirts with Tuesday and offers her a beer. 