 Commando (1985)431) A retired Special Forces colonel tries to save his daughter, who was abducted by his former subordinate. A retired special agent named John Matrix led an elite unit and has left the armed forces to live in a secluded mountain home with his daughter Jenny. But now he is forced out of retirement when his daughter is kidnapped by a band of thugs intent on revenge! Unbeknownst to Matrix, the members of his former unit are being killed one by one. Even though Matrix' friend General Franklin Kirby gives Matrix armed guards, attackers manage to kidnap Matrix and Jenny. Matrix learns that Bennett, a former member of his Matrix' unit who was presumed dead has kidnapped him to try to force Matrix to do a political assassination for a man called Arius (who calls himself El Presidente), a warlord formerly bested by Matrix who wishes to lead a military coup in his home country. Since Arius will have Jenny killed if Matrix refuses, Matrix reluctantly accepts the demand. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} John Matrix is a retired Army Colonel who went UP against some dangerous PEople. He lives in seclusion with his daughter, Jenny. His former C.O. Shows Up to tell him That some of his men who like him have been living under different identities were killed, which means one of Matris's enemies is after him. So after the man leaves, they are attacked and Matrix is captured. He learns That Bennet one of his men whom he thought was killed is working with them and harbors a grudge against Matrix and they are working for a South American dictator he helped overthrow. The man wants Matrix to kill the man who's now the President. They have his daughter as leverage. They put Matrix on a plane going to the dictator's country. Matrix kills the man sent to accompany him. He then gets off the plane and tries to Find his daughter. And has 11 hours to do it cause that's When the plane lands and they Will kill his daughter When they Find out he's gone. He follows one of them and drags a girl in to Help him. Rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two garbage collectors gun down a man with mini-Uzis. A bald-headed tough steals a car from a dealership and crushes the dealer. A tugboat is blown up in the harbor. These murders have one thing in common - all involve former members of a commando team led by John Matrix, a hulking ex-Colonel whose exploits have made him and his men enemies among totalitarian empires and groups around the world. Matrix and his daughter Jenny live alone in the mountains of upstate California, but Matrix's former commanding officer, General Franklin Kirby, flies to the house to tell Matrix about the killings of his men, and to leave two expert soldiers to guard him as Kirby and the feds work to find the killers. No sooner does Kirby leave, however, than a mass of gunmen open fire on the house, killing the two soldiers. Jenny hides in her bedroom while Matrix rushes to his shed - in reality an underground weapons bunker - to get his rifle. Now armed, he confronts a gunman who offers him a choice - do as they say and his daughter, now being taken away in one of several fleeing cars, lives. Matrix blasts the gunman, and despite finding his truck sabotaged, he goes after the gunmen by driving the powerless truck down the steep mountain, intercepting one of the fleeing vehicles and attacking four armed thugs, beating two senseless before being beaten down himself. He then is confronted by the gunmen's leader - Bennett, who had been thought killed in the tugboat explosion. Bennett, however, is the one behind the killings and faked his own death to smoke out Kirby and Matrix, wanting revenge after being discharged by Matrix from the Army for massacreing civilians in a South American nation whose Marxist dictator, Arias, was overthrown by Matrix's team - and who is now Bennett's employer. Matrix is being dragooned into flying to Arias' country to overthrow its new leader, but Matrix escapes and must force the assistance of Cindy, an off-duty pilot, to help track down Arias' men after one of them, Sully, tries to hit on her. Matrix and Cindy track down Sully and after a violent brawl at a mall and a chase up the Hollywood hills he apprehends Sully and holds him over a steep cliff, demanding information on Jenny's whereabouts. Sully only knows what his pal Cooke (the bald-headed thug) knows, so Matrix drops Sully to his death. Matrix confronts Cooke at his motel, and a brawl erupts that spills into the room of a very amorous couple startled while making love. The supremely-endowed couple watch in horror as Matrix kills Cooke, then finds information in his pocket and his car that leads to a warehouse showing an island where Jenny is being held. First Matrix and Cindy raid a weapons store but Matrix must be rescued from intruding police; Cindy pulls this off with a rocket launcher she figures out how to use by reading the available instruction manual. Matrix and Cindy hijack a seaplane and fly to the island, where he arms himself like an army and sneaks into Arias' fortress. There he blows up barracks and slaughters Arias' inept army of soldiers, but in the chaos Jenny escapes but is caught by Bennett in the boiler room of the main mansion. Matrix succeeds in killing Arias but must taunt Bennett into freeing Jenny by appealing to his steroid-induced egomania and rage for killing Matrix in hand-to-hand combat. 