 Wanted: Dead or Alive (1986)44) Bounty hunter Nick Randall (Rutger Hauer) is offered two hundred fifty thousand dollars by the C.I.A. to get the terrorist behind the bombing of a Los Angeles, California movie theater. Nick quit the C.I.A. because he couldn't trust them. Can they be trusted now, and can he stop the terrorists? This movie features a character who is a descendant of the character played by Steve McQueen in the television series of the same name. And like McQueen's Josh Randall, Hauer's Nick Randall is also a bounty hunter and also an ex-C.I.A. operative, who is asked by his former employer to help them track down a terrorist Malak Al Rahim (Gene Simmons), who is in the country, and has already made a move. But he is also looking for Randall, and the people, for whom Randall is working, are telling Malak where he can find Randall. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> Former C.I.A. operative Nick Randall (Rutger Hauer) is presently a bounty hunter in Los Angeles, California. He chases most wanted guys to get the reward and is saving money for repairing a boat. He intends to retire and travel around the world with his girlfriend Terry (Mel Harris), and his best friend is Detective Danny Quintz (William Russ). After a terrorist attack in a movie theater, Randall is assigned to catch terrorist Malak Al Rahim (Gene Simmons), who has killed more than one hundred forty people. However, the real intention of his disaffection from the C.I.A., John Lipton (Jerry Hardin), is to use Randall as bait to catch Malak. Terry and Danny are murdered by one terrorist, and Randall discovers that Malak's agenda is to blow-up a chemical facility and kill thirty thousand people. But Randall now seeks revenge against Malak. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Nick Randall (Rutger Hauer) is a bounty hunter who's built up quite a rsum. One notable rsum highlight, though, happened before his current career began - as a C.I.A. Agent. Malak Al Rahim (Gene Simmons), an evil international terrorist, shows up on the scene and suddenly there is a new member on the list of America's Most Wanted. A deadly game of cat-and-mouse finds Nick as both the mouse and the cat - but has Nick finally met his match? Tim Kretschmann <Tim.K@VirComm.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 