 Tapeheads (1988)Summaries A couple of creative losers accidently become big shots in the video music industry. After being fired from their jobs as security guards, Josh and Ivan form Video Aces, a video production company. Using Josh's talent and Ivan's business savvy, they attempt to hit it big in the business while doing projects they want to do. Among those whose paths cross with theirs are Norman Mart, an extremely right-wing presidential candidate; Samantha Gregory, a scheming music reporter; and Mo Fuzz, a producer willing to give them a chance or three if they'll work on spec. James Meek <james@oz.net> Best friends since childhood, Ivan Alexeev and Josh Tager are aimless young men both still living with their respective parents. While Ivan is aware of they being in dead end lives, Josh has no idea about the state of their lives. When they are fired from their nighttime security guard jobs, Ivan thinks they can use Josh's love of creating videos into a rock music video production empire - what Ivan names Video Aces - with Ivan handling the business side, and Josh the creative and technical side. With no money, they are only able at least to launch the business in meeting Belinda, an avant-garde artist whose warehouse loft she is willing to share with them as roommates. They make one misstep after another in truly making Video Aces an empire. Due to sheer luck for them and bad luck for one of their client bands, they stumble onto some success which they hope to parlay into relaunching the careers of who are their favorite soul group of the 1970's, the Swanky Modes. Whatever success they are able to achieve is threatened by a former job that they got through Belinda to video a party for Kay Mart at her mansion. What the boys don't know is that Kay's husband is ultra conservative Norman Mart, who is making a run for the White House. Norman is threatened by his mistress, Nikki Morton, with release of a kinky sex tape of the two of them, that tape which the boys also don't know gets into their possession. To save his political career, Norman will do anything, including kill, to get the tape back, while investigative pop cultural journalist Samantha Gregory also becomes aware of the tape and wants to use it to expose Norman for the fraud that he is. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 