 Telefon (1977)55) A Russian officer is sent to the U.S. to try and stop sleeper agents who will mindlessly attack government entities when they hear certain coded words. The KGB is looking for one of their people, a man named Dalchimsky because he has stolen something important but, unfortunately, he manages to get through the border. Later in the U.S. some seemingly ordinary people after receiving a phone call go out and destroy key American military installations. Back in the U.S.S.R. General Strelsky and Colonel Malchenko send for Grigori Borzov, a KGB agent who has been to the U.S. on missions before. They inform him that after the U-2 incident in fear of the possibility that a war with the U.S. will occur; they were part of an operation called TELEFON that involved recruiting young agents and then brainwashing them into believing that they are Americans. They would assume the identity of an American who died a long time ago and who would be their age now. They would be situated in a city that is near or where a key U.S. military installation is located. They were also programmed to destroy upon receiving the command phrase. They have been fortunate that they have never had to send them on their missions. But they believe that Dalchimsky stole the book that lists all the TELEFON agents and is now sending them out on their suicide missions. It also seems that the current KGB Chairman is unaware of TELEFON so Strelsky and Malchenko want Borzov to go to America and find Dalchimsky. Borzov, who is endowed with a photographic memory, memorizes the second TELEFON book and goes to America and is aided by Barbara. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> The radical Russian Nicolai Dalchimsky steals some names and codes and flees to the United States of America with the intention of beginning a war. The list is formed by ordinary American citizens that are actually brainwashed Russian agents that have been programmed fifteen years ago to destroy military bases and facilities and are triggered through a phone call with a message. The responsible for the secret program, General Strelsky and Colonel Malchenko summon Major Grigori "Gregg" Borzov to travel to the United States to eliminate Dalchimsky. Gregg teams up with the Russian agent Barbara that was instructed to obey his orders but does not know what is happening. But Barbara has a secret agenda from her superiors to accomplish by the end of their assignment. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the wake of the October Crisis of 1962, the Soviet Union has come up with a sinister plan to inflict severe damage on vital parts of civil infrastructure and crucial military sites in the United States. Twenty long years later, the rogue KGB spy, Nikolai Dalchimsky, manages to activate via telephonic code brainwashed, deep-cover sleeper agents scattered all over America, triggering a spate of kamikaze sabotage missions. Now, to eradicate the network of spies and eliminate the Dalchimsky threat, Moscow dispatches the KGB officer, Major Grigori Borzov; however, in this white-knuckle cat-and-mouse game, time is the enemy. Can Borzov close down the dangerous Operation Telefon before Dalchimsky sparks World War III? Nick Riganas Nicolai Dalchimski, a mad KGB agent steals a notebook full of names of "sleeping" undercover KGB agents sent to the U.S. in the 1950's. These agents got their assignments under hypnosis, so they can't remember their missions until they're told a line of a Robert Frost poem. Dalchimski flees to the U.S. and starts phoning these agents who perform sabotage acts against military targets. Since the Soviets can't disclose the crisis to the U.S. government, they send Colonel Borzov, a military intelligence officer, to find and eliminate Dalchimsky before his actions trigger a war. Robert Zeithammel <zeit@cip.physik.uni-muenchen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 