 Le Samoura (1967)541) After professional hitman Jef Costello is seen by witnesses his efforts to provide himself an alibi drive him further into a corner. In Paris, Jef Costello is a lonely hit man who works under contract. He is hired to kill the owner of a club and becomes the prime suspect of the murder. However, his perfect alibi drops the accusation against him. His girlfriend Jane, her client and citizen above any suspicion Wiener and Valerie, the pianist of the club and main witness of the crime, provide the necessary evidence of his innocence supporting his alibi. Free, he is betrayed and chased by the gangsters sent by the one who hired him and also by the police, not convinced of his innocence. Jef seeks out who has hired him to revenge. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jef Costello, a Paris-based hit man who is meticulous in his work, is preparing for his latest job, he not knowing his client in working through an intermediary. That preparation includes setting airtight alibis, one with his girlfriend Jane Lagrange, and scoping out his entry and escape from where the hit is to take place, the office at Martey's nightclub - the target Martey himself - without anyone really noticing him. Although he is able to carry out the hit, it is not as clean as he would have wanted. In the police rounding up several hundred suspects in the immediate hours following the hit, Jef is surprised by the outcome of his questioning, he being released against certain odds working against him. Although the statements by the witnesses at the club who could have seen him being inconclusive as to him being the murderer, the police commissioner is still working on the high probability that Jef is the man for who they are looking, and as a result places much of his resources in placing Jef under secret surveillance. In Jef concluding the transaction with the client through the intermediary, things again do not go according to what Jef would have expected or wanted. As such, Jef believes he has to find out the identity of the client and/or his/her reason for wanting Martey dead, all while eluding the police, who he knows is pursuing him. Huggo Taciturn, meticulous, elegant, and at the top of his game, Jef Costello, a French, fedora-wearing, gabardine-clad hitman with a poker face, has made the first mistake in his impeccable, blood-stained career. As a result, after the ill-performed assassination of a nightclub owner, Costello triggers a full-scale investigation and a routine round-up; however, his activity is untraceable, and he has a rock-solid alibi. Now, after surviving an identity parade, the police and Costello's former employers, who tried to pay him in lead, shadow the stone-faced lone wolf, setting the stage for an elaborate trap, and a taut, cat-and-mouse game against the backdrop of the Paris Mtro and the rain-soaked metropolis. Can there be redemption for the killer with an angel face? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Alain Delon stars, as Jeff Costello is an assassin who lives a solitary life with no friends. Costello begins his new assignment stealing a car, obtaining new license plates and a gun from his associate. He then drives to a nightclub at night and shoots the owner, accidentally being seen by the club pianist Valerie (Cathy Rosier). The police pick up Costello and with the investigation led by a determined Police Inspector (Francois Perier), subject him and many others to a line up. Costello is released because he has set up an alibi with Jan Lagrange (Natalie Delon), and also because Valerie lies and states that she did not see him. When Costello goes to collect his money for killing the club owner, his employer attempts to kill him. Police Inspector (Francois Perier) puts together a team of undercover cops to trail Costello through the Paris Metro, an underground labyrinth where Costello escapes. Costello thus seeks to get paid for his killing job and get revenge on the shadowy businessman who hired him, and stay one step ahead of the police Inspector but makes a decision that brings about surprising results. 