 Rumble Fish (1983)44) Absent-minded street thug Rusty James struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days of gang warfare. Rusty James is the leader of a small, dying gang in an industrial town. He lives in the shadow of the memory of his absent, older brother -- The Motorcycle Boy. His mother has left, his father drinks, school has no meaning for him and his relationships are shallow. He is drawn into one more gang fight and the events that follow begin to change his life. Bruce Janson <bruce@cs.su.oz.au> Inspired by the faded memories of a past he never knew, while living with the ashen ghost of Motorcycle Boy--his missing brother and a criminal royalty in self-exile--cornered Rusty James, a teenage hoodlum living for the moment, is going nowhere fast. Indeed, Rusty James seems doomed to live forever in his brother's shadow, struggling to find an identity amid brutal rumbles, frail allegiances, and equally meaningless friendships. Then, the legendary prince of the violent Packers gang returns, and wide-eyed Rusty is on cloud nine. At last, Rusty's golden opportunity to prove his worth has come, and no one can stand in the way of fulfilling his damned destiny. But, life is cruel as it is for saints and sinners alike. What does the future have in store for those who don't fit in? Nick Riganas Rusty James is an up-and-coming street hoodlum, lamenting the salad days of the gangs when his older brother, The Motorcycle Boy, ran things as President of the Packers. Before disappearing two months earlier, Motorcycle Boy outlawed gang wars, or "rumbles," by a treaty. When Rusty James breaks the treaty in a fight with Biff Wilcox, and gets seriously hurt, his brother suddenly appears. Distracted, delusional and enigmatic, his brother seems haunted and disinterested in his past as a "neighborhood novelty." Over the next few days, James' dead end life of posturing seems to fall apart; he loses his girlfriend, his friends, his own sense of confidence. The future looms like a dark, unknown wall locking James in. Through Motorcycle Boy's example, he finally learns to break free from others' expectations, and his own inner demons. David Spalding <http://korova.com/film> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 