 Tequila Sunrise (1988)55) A former L.A. drug dealer tries to go straight but his past and his underworld connections bring him into the focus of the DEA, the Mexican feds and the Mexican drug cartels. Mac Mckussic is an unlikely drug dealer who wants to go straight. His old and best friend Nick Frescia is now a cop who is assigned to investigate and bring him to justice. Mac is very attracted to Jo Ann, the owner of a stylish restaurant. Nick gets close to Jo Ann attempting to know more about Mac's drug dealing plans and his connections with the Mexican dealer Carlos, who the police believe is coming to town to meet with him. Nick also falls for Jo Ann's charms and his friendship with Mac is in danger. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Looking for a way out while desperately trying to go straight, the once-biggest coke dealer in California and now a small businessman, Dale "Mac" McKussic, finds himself in the law's crosshairs when he reluctantly agrees to make one last score. But before long, anxious to settle an old "accounting problem" with the mysterious Mexican drug kingpin known as Carlos, Dale drags the elegant restaurateur, Jo-Ann Vallenari, and his high school friend, Detective Lieutenant Nick Frescia, in a dangerous cat-and-mouse game. Now, with the DEA Agent, Hal Maguire, bent on bringing Dale to justice, long-simmering tensions rise, as loyalty, trust, and above all, friendship are put to the test. Can Mac overcome the desire to take the easy way out? Nick Riganas In a seaside California town, best friends Mac and Nick are on opposite sides of the law. Mac is a former drug dealer trying to clean up his act, while Nick is a high-profile detective trying to take down a Mexican drug lord named Carlos. Soon Nick's loyalties are put to the test when he begins an affair with restaurateur Jo Ann a love interest of Mac's unwittingly leading his friend into a police orchestrated trap. yusufpiskin Mac Mckussic is an unlikely drug dealer who wants to go straight. His old friend Nick Frescia is now a cop who is assigned to investigate and bring him to justice. Mac is very attracted to Jo Ann, the owner of a stylish restaurant. Nick gets close to Jo Ann attempting to know more about Mac. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 