 Witness (1985)761) When a young Amish boy is sole witness to a murder while visiting Philadelphia with his mother, police detective John Book tries to protect the boy until an attempt on Book's life forces him into hiding in Amish country. An 8 year old Amish boy and his mother are traveling to Philadelphia, on their way to visit the mother's sister. While waiting at the train station, the young boy witnesses a brutal murder inside one of the bathroom stalls. Police detective John Book is assigned to investigate the murder of the man, who was an undercover cop. Soon after, Book finds out that he's in great danger when the culprits know about his investigation and hides out in the Amish community. There, he learns the way of living among the Amish locals, which consists of non-violence and agriculture. Book soon starts a romance with the mother of the little boy, but their romance is forbidden by the Amish standards. But, it's not long before the bad guys find out Book's whereabouts. blazesnakes9 After witnessing a brutal murder, young Amish boy Samuel and his mother Rachel seek protection from police officer John Book. When Book uncovers evidence of police corruption involving narcotics lieutenant James McFee, Book must take Rachel and Samuel, and flee to the Amish countryside where Rachel grew up. There, immersed in Amish culture and tradition, Book and Rachel begin a cautious romance. Jwelch5742 Samuel Lap is a young Amish boy who witnesses a murder in Philadelphia while traveling with his mother Rachel. A good cop named John Book must go with them into hiding when the killers come after them. All three retreat to Amish country and Book has to adjust to the new life style, and his feelings for the boy's mother. Of course the killers are still on their trail. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Young Amish widow Rachel Lapp is taking her young son Samuel to Philadelphia for the first time. While in a washroom at the train station, Samuel sees two men savagely murder a third. The detective assigned to the homicide case is Det. John Book who informs them that the murdered man was a police officer. It isn't long before the young boy fingers Philadelphia narcotics officer McFee as the murderer. Book soon discovers that McFee was involved in the theft of something called P2P, an ingredient used in the making of methamphetamine. Shortly after Book tells his boss this information, McFee comes after Book and wounds him in a shootout. Book determines that the best way to avoid detection is to blend in with the Amish community, which he does, working with them on their farms and helping with building a new barn. But the corrupt cops Book has exposed are determined to keep their dirty work a secret, and they come looking for Book & Samuel to silence them for good.... Derek O'Cain When a young Amish woman and her son get caught up in the murder of an undercover narcotics agent, their savior turns out to be hardened Philadelphia detective John Book. Harrison Ford is sensational as Book, the cop who turns head-on into the non-violent world of the Pennsylvania Amish community. The end result is an action packed struggle of life and death, interwoven with a sensitive undercurrent of caring and forbidden love. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1984, an Amish community outside Lancaster, Pennsylvania attends the funeral of Jacob Lapp, who leaves behind his young wife Rachel and eight-year-old son Samuel. Rachel and Samuel travel by train to visit Rachel's sister, which takes them into Philadelphia. While waiting for a connecting train, Samuel goes into the men's room and witnesses the brutal murder of an undercover police officer, but manages to evade detection by hiding in the stalls. Detective John Book is assigned to the case where he and partner Sergeant Elton Carter question Samuel. Although Samuel is unable to identify the perpetrator from mugshots or a line-up, he later sees a newspaper clipping in a trophy case of narcotics officer James McFee receiving an award and points him out to Book. Book investigates and finds out that McFee was previously responsible for a seizure of expensive chemicals used to make black-market amphetamines, but the evidence has now disappeared. Book surmises that McFee sold the chemicals to drug dealers, and that the murdered detective had been investigating the theft. Book expresses his suspicions to Chief of Police Paul Schaeffer, who advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to proceed. Book is later ambushed and shot in a parking garage by McFee and left badly wounded. Since only Schaeffer knew of Book's suspicions, he realises Schaeffer is also corrupt and tipped off McFee. Knowing Samuel and Rachel are now in grave danger, Book orders his partner to remove all traces of the Lapps from his files and he drives the boy and his mother back to their community, but his loss of blood causes him to pass out in front of their farm. Book insists that going to a hospital would allow the corrupt police officers to find him and put Samuel in danger. Rachel's father-in-law Eli reluctantly agrees to shelter him despite his distrust of the outsider. Book slowly recovers in their care and begins to develop feelings for Rachel, who likewise is drawn to him. The Lapps' neighbour Daniel Hochleitner had hoped to court her and this becomes a cause of friction. During his convalescence, Book dresses in Jacob Lapp's clothing in order to avoid drawing attention to himself. His relationship with the Amish community deepens as they learn he is skilled at carpentry and seems like a decent, hard-working man. After accepting an invitation to a barn raising for a newly married couple, Book gains Hochleitner's respect. Book goes into town with Eli to use a payphone, where he learns that Carter has been killed. He deduces that Schaeffer and McFee murdered Carter after discovering his role in the case to get closer to Book, with the aid of a third corrupt officer, Detective Sergeant Leon Ferguson. While in town, Hochleitner is harassed by tourists. Book retaliates, breaking with the Amish tradition of non-violence. The fight between the bullies and the strange "Amish" man is reported to the local police and they inform Schaeffer, who had previously contacted the sheriff in his efforts to locate Book, Rachel and Samuel. The next day, Schaeffer, McFee and Ferguson arrive at the Lapp farm, taking Rachel and Eli hostage as a way of luring Book and Samuel out. Book orders Samuel to run to Hochleitner's home for safety, tricks Ferguson into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn, then uses Ferguson's shotgun to kill McFee. Samuel, hearing the gunshots, heads back to the farm. Schaeffer forces Rachel and Eli out of the house at gunpoint; Eli signals to Samuel to ring the farm's bell. Book confronts Schaeffer, who threatens to kill Rachel, but the loud clanging from the bell summons the Amish, who resolutely gather near and silently watch him. With so many witnesses present, Schaeffer gives up and Book arrests him. Book says goodbye to Samuel in the fields and Eli wishes him well "out there among them English", signifying his acceptance of Book as a member of their community. Exchanging a wave with Hochleitner on the road out, Book departs. 