 Diner (1982)44) A group of college-age buddies struggle with their imminent passage into adulthood in 1959 Baltimore. Early twenty-something Baltimoreans Eddie, Shrevie, Boogie, Billy, Fenwick and Modell have been friends since they were kids, and the center of their lives has been and still is the Fells Point Diner. In the last week of 1959, Baltimore Colts fanatic Eddie is scheduled to marry Elyse on New Year's Eve, but might call it off if she doesn't pass his Colts quiz on the 29th. Inexperienced Eddie turns to the only other married one of their bunch, electronics salesman and music aficionado Shrevie, for advice, but Shrevie might not be the best marriage advisor since he doesn't yet realize he probably married his wife Beth for the wrong reasons. Beth has lost her sense of identity, is unhappy in her marriage, and contemplates having an affair with someone who provides what she believes is a sympathetic shoulder. Hairdresser and law school student Boogie is the player of the bunch and has major financial problems because of his quest for the fast buck. Generally strait-laced Billy, Eddie's best man who has been away getting his MBA, has come back to Baltimore a few days early to clarify his relationship with his girlfriend Barbara. Smart-aleck Fen is a college dropout who lives off his trust fund and doesn't much like his family--just what their money can buy him. And insecure Modell is afraid to ask for anything directly. As 1960 approaches, they collectively deal with how to truly be adults. Huggo In 1959 Baltimore, five steadfast friends continue to meet at an all-night diner, something they've been doing since they were in high school. As they get older, life begins to change for them. Shrevie is the first to get married, but soon realizes that he has absolutely nothing in common with his wife Beth and they have nothing to talk about. Eddie is engaged but will only marry his fiance if she passes a 140 question test on his beloved Baltimore Colts. Billy is completing his Master's degree and comes home early to be with Barbara, who he learns is pregnant. She won't marry him however. Boogie's main interests in life are women and gambling - but he owes an impatient bookie $2000. Tim is wasting his life away living off his trust fund and is drunk most of the time. Somehow they work through all of their problems. garykmcd Set in 1959, Diner shows how five young men resist their adulthood and seek refuge in their beloved Diner, sharing the mundane, childish, and titillating details of their lives. But the golden moments pass, and the men shoulder their responsibilities, leaving the Diner behind. I G Mohamed <igm@writeme.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 