 America America (1963)871) A young Greek stops at nothing to secure a passage to America. Elia Kazan , ethnic Greek but Turkish by birth, tells the story of the struggles of his uncle - in this account named Stavros Topouzoglou - in emigrating to America. In the 1890's, the young, kind-hearted but naive Stavros lived in Anatolia, where the Greek and Armenian minorities were repressed by the majority Turks, this repression which often led to violence. Even Stavros being friends with an Armenian was frowned upon. As such, Stavros dreamed of a better life - specifically in America - where, as a result, he could make his parents proud by his grand accomplishments. Instead, his parents, with most of their money, sent Stavros to Constantinople to help fund the carpet shop owned by his first cousin once removed. What Stavros encountered on his journey, made on foot with a small donkey, made him question life in Anatolia even further. Once in Constantinople, his resolve to earn the 110 Turkish pound third class fare to the United States became stronger than ever. But try after try, his efforts were thwarted. But as he seemed close to achieving his dream, it seemed certain that it would snatched away from him. But an earlier good deed may have helped him ultimately achieve his goal of reaching the United States and a better life. Huggo Stavros Topouzoglou is a young Greek man living in an area under Turkish oppression, who wants nothing more than to go to America. Stavros travels to Constantinople, enduring difficulties along the way that lead to the loss of all his family's funds. Rejecting any possibility for money, work or marriage that doesn't involve sailing to America, he defiantly hangs on to the dream, but his extreme determination may cost him his life. Jwelch5742 Elia Kazan 's own words begin the saga of young Stavros ( Stathis Giallelis ), who leaves his war-torn homeland behind to begin a new life in the land of the free. With his family's meager fortune and his father's blessing, Stavros encounters both allies and adversaries on a dramatic trek. He ultimately achieves his dream through sheer determination and will, thereby earning his nickname: America America. Saluting the masses who sailed toward Miss Liberty's shining torch, Kazan chose to use little-known talents here rather than stars; and the results were impressive, including Academy Award nominations for "Best Picture," "Director" and "Screenplay," and an Oscar win for Gene Callahan 's vivid Art Direction. Both epic and intimate, America America is powerful movie-making at its best. Stavros Topouzoglow, a young Greek living under the oppression of the Turks in the 1890s, dreams of emigrating to America as he faces the harsh reality that life has dealt him. Entrusted with his family's savings, he travels to the Turkish capital of Constantinople to rescue his cousin's failing business. Despite the cruelties, betrayals, and career setbacks Stavros faces along the way, he forms lasting friendships that help him through difficult times to reach his goal of making a life in The United States, the land of opportunity. The story of director Kazan's uncle, who grew up in a small village as a member of the Greek minority in Turkey in the end of the 19th century. When the oppression by the Turks increases, his father provides the young man with the family treasures and sends him to Constantinople. There he is supposed to make money and get the family to join him. But his own dream is different: America... Olaf Mertens <olafbahg@w210zrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> It is somewhere around 1900. We watch a young Greek man who lives a miserable life in Turkey selling ice in the town market. Although the Greeks are oppressed by the Turks, they refuse to leave the land of their ancestors. But our hero has a different opinion: sick of being humiliated in a daily basis, he decides to gather a little money and travel to Constantinoupolis. From there he will be able to fulfill his dream of "escaping" to America... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stavros Topouzoglou, a young Greek, decides to emigrate to America when one of his closest friends is murdered for standing up to Turkish oppression in 1896. As a preliminary step, he journeys to Constantinople in order to join his cousin Odysseus' rug business. His parents, Isaac and Vasso, planning to join their son later, entrust him with the Topouzoglou valuables; but Stavros is robbed on the way by Abdul, a dishonest Turk who previously befriended him. He later avenges the theft by killing Abdul but reaches his cousin's home penniless and disgraced. Odysseus advises Stavros to capitalize on his good looks by marrying a wealthy woman, but Stavros refuses to jeopardize his trip to America. Instead, he joins a group of revolutionaries and is seriously wounded during a raid. After a short affair with Vartuhi, one of the conspirator's daughters, Stavros reconsiders his cousin's suggestion and becomes engaged to Thomna Sinnikoglou, the homely daughter of a rug dealer. He finds that he cannot go through with the marriage, however, and accepts only a fraction of the large dowry offered by Thomna's father--just enough money for a boat trip to America. A day before the ship's departure, Stavros meets Sophia, the wife of American rug buyer Aratoon Kebabian. They have an affair aboard ship, but the romance is quickly aborted when the furious Aratoon discovers them and promises to have the young Greek deported to Turkey. Stavros hides from the authorities but realizes that the most important dream of his life will probably be shattered. His despair over the certain deportation has driven him near the point of nervous collapse when he meets Hohanness Gardashian, a young Armenian who is one of eight indentured shoeshine boys on his way to New York. Just as Stavros' chances for escape seem more remote than ever, Hohanness, who is dying of tuberculosis, jumps over the side of the ship and drowns himself, thereby permitting Stavros to use his name and take over the shoeshine job. The young Greek reaches America at last and begins saving money to bring his family to join him. 