 Battlestar Galactica (19781979)Summaries After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet on a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth. The leaders of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind are making plans to sign a peace treaty with their mortal enemies, the Cylon Empire. On the eve of the ceremony, the Cylons betray the pact and destroy most of the Colonies and their entire fleet. Under the command of Commander Adama, the battlestar Galactica leads the remaining Colonial ships into space and seeks out a lost thirteenth colony, which turns out to be Earth. Along the way, the Colonials encounter various races (both friendly and hostile), the legendary human warrior Commander Cain, and the planet Kobol, the motherworld of all the Colonies. All the while, the Cylons - under the command of human traitor Count Baltar - closely pursue this fugitive fleet across the universe. Anonymous In a distant galaxy, twelve planets bearing tribes of the race known as Mankind have been at war with a robotic alien race, the Cylon Empire, for a millennium. In the measurements used by the Twelve Colonies, it is the Yahren 7341, and a peace treaty is to be signed - a treaty that proves to be a ruse for the largest assault in the history of galactic warfare. With their defending warships destroyed and their homeworlds annihilated, the Twelve Tribes gather to their remaining warship, the battlestar Galactica, boarding every assorted star vehicle that will carry them, as their leader, Commander Adama, seeks out the one planet that will protect Mankind from the predation of the Cylons - a planet called Earth. As their journey proceeds, this fugitive fleet is closely pursued the Cylon forces under the command of human traitor Count Baltar. Michael Daly (fanstp43@aol.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 