 Ebirah, Horror of the Deep (1966)541) A teen searching for his brother stows away on a criminal's boat that shipwrecks on Letchi island, where terrorists have enslaved the Infant Island natives. Discovering Godzilla asleep, they decide to awaken him to liberate the natives. Ryota is a young man searching for his missing brother Yata. He joins up with Nita and Ichino as they sneak on a ship supposedly belonging to Yoshimura, a career criminal escaping from the authorities. As the group sets sail, they are caught in a storm and attacked by a monstrous crustacean creature. Shipwrecked on Letchi Island, they find that the natives of Mothra's Infant Island have been enslaved by a terrorist organization called Red Bamboo. The terrorists force the natives process a juice that holds off the crustacean monster, Ebirah. The men meet up with a native escapee named Daiyo as they stumble upon Godzilla sleeping on the island. The groups sets up a plan to awaken Godzilla to defeat Red Bamboo terrorists and liberate the natives. Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> A fisherman named Yata winds up missing after the boat he is working on sinks. His younger brother Ryota decides to search for him, but when the authorities refuse to help him he tries to enter a dance contest to win a boat to go search for Yata. When Ryota arrives at the contest he finds out he is too late by a few days, but meets up with two contestants who had already been eliminated named Nita and Ichino. The three youths then head for the marina to look at different boats. After they board one, they meet a rifle toting man named Yoshimura, whom they assume is the owner. However, he is a bank robber who is using the boat to hide out. After a few minutes, Yoshimura decides to let the youths stay the night. The next morning they wake up to find out that Ryota has set sail with them on it to search for his brother. A few days into their trip they are caught in a storm and as the boys try to keep the boat from sinking they see a giant claw emerge from the water. The next morning they wake up on Lechti Island, which serves as the base for a group of international terrorists called Red Bamboo, who have a heavy water factory on the island. They also observe as a boat belonging to the group arrive with slaves from Infant Island, the home of Mothra. Some of the natives try to make a break for it, but they are caught and eaten by the same monster that wrecked the boys boat, a giant lobster named Ebirah. During the commotion, a slave girl named Daiyo manages to sneak away and runs into the boys. They then find a cave where they hide out. But also in the cave is Godzilla, who is hibernating. They then try to head for the base to see if they can save the slaves, but their plans are thwarted and Ichino becomes a prisoner while Ryota gets caught in an observation balloon and drifts towards Infant Island where he is reunited with Yata. In the meantime, Nita gets an idea to awaken Godzilla with lightning to not only distract the soldiers but to fight Ebirah. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> A sea cruise goes bad when a crash landing on a tropical island subjects the crew to an army that wants to take over the world. While the crew tries to get out alive, Godzilla takes on a giant crab that inhabits the waters and can only be kept away by the juice of a berry that grows on the island. Todd A. Bobenrieth <TAB146@PSUVM.EDU> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a small village, a mother consults a psychic who assures her that her son Yata is still alive. Yata's brother Ryota tries to convince the authorities to continue searching for his brother but they refuse. He spots a flyer for a dance endurance marathon that has a yacht as the grand prize. When he arrives, he finds out he is too enter but meets two constants, Ichino and Nita, who agree to show him all the boats at the dock. They sneak onto a boat called the Yahlen before they are confronted at gunpoint by Yoshimura, who claims to be the ship's owner. Yoshimura lets the three stay for the night. When they awake the morning, they find themselves adrift on the open ocean. Ryota has taken command of the ship to search for his brother. Nita and Ichino then overhear a radio report about the Yahlen being stolen along with a recent burglary and realize Yoshimura is a thief. The four men settle in as several days go by before they come across a severe storm that batters the ship. Amid the tempest, they encounter a huge crustacean claw that destroys the ship. The next morning, the four men find themselves shipwrecked on the seemingly uninhabited Letchi Island. Yoshimura spots a briefcase and realizes he lost all the money he stole. He decides to lead the others up a mountain to make their way inland. They find a sword and use it to cut through the brush and get some fruit. As they explore, they spot a ship delivering cargo to a militarized group called. The men are revealed to have enslaved several natives. Two of the native prisoners escape, and manage to dodge machine gun fire before making it onto a boat. The commander orders his men to stop firing as the two escapees row out to sea. The huge claw emerges from the ocean, revealing the monstrous crustacean Ebirah. It destroys the boat and impales the two men, devouring them. One of the natives takes the opportunity escape as the organization attempts to recapture her. She runs into the jungle and encounters the four castaways, who convince her that they're friendly. The group is spotted as everyone runs away from gunfire. Arriving at a cliff, they manage to escape by hiding on a ledge which leads to a cave entrance. Inside the cave, the woman introduces herself as Daiyo, a native of Mothra's Infant Island, and reveals that the armed men are a terrorist group called the Red Bamboo. Her people have been abducted and used as slaves to build a base and develop a yellow liquid to keep Ebirah at bay. Ryota then finds out his brother Yata is alive on Infant Island, where the people are praying to Mothra. The group then realize that they are not alone, spotting a slumbering Godzilla bellow them. That night, the group decide to try infiltrate the Red Bamboo's base. Using a bush to avoid detection, they slowly sneak past a guard tower and approach an entrance. Yoshimura uses his lock-picking skills to break in as they slip inside the building. Sneaking past scientists, the group grabs some smoke bombs while Daiyo grabs some wire. They enter a laboratory and Yoshimura opens door, discovering an atomic fusion chamber. The group are spotted by Red Bamboo guards as Yoshimura uses a smoke bomb to escape. However, Ryota gets entangled in a weather balloon while Nita is caught. The remaining trio make it back to the cave while Nita is thrown in with the captured Infant Islanders. Meanwhile, Ryota lands on Infant Island and finds his brother Yata. Back on Letchi, the Red Bamboo continue their search. Ichino gets the idea to wake up Godzilla, but Yoshimura is against it, fearing the destructive power of the monster. Ichino persuades him, using Daiyo's wire attached to the sword to attack lightning. Back at the Red Bamboo base, Nita tells the natives to create a phony liquid to trick the terrorists. On Infant Island, Ryota and Yata prepare a boat to head back to Letchi and rescue the natives. Mothra's fairies provide them with some liquid for defense and instruct that the captive natives build a large net. Three days go by as lightning has yet to strike the cave. As Ryota and Yata approach Letchi, a storm begins that causes them to lose their barrels of liquid. Ebirah appears to attack them just as lightning strikes the sword and awakens Godzilla. The monster bursts from the cave and heads off to confront Ebirah. Godzilla kicks a massive boulder that Ebirah knocks away, nearly crushing Ryota and Yata, who manage to make it ashore. Godzilla and Ebirah continue to volley boulders, alerting the Red Bamboo. Godzilla enters the water and grapples with the crustacean beneath the waves. Eventually Godzilla forces Ebirah to retreat. Yoshimura, Ichino, and Daiyo try to prepare ambush for the Red Bamboo, but meet up with Ryota and Yata instead. The two brothers rush to try and save the natives, but Yoshimura stops and berates Yata for trying to barge in so recklessly. The group are heard on a hidden mic and chased off by Red Bamboo guards led by the Commander. Daiyo escapes their gunfire and runs into Godzilla. The monsters drives the terrorists away and approaches Daiyo as she cries out for help. As Yoshimura and the others try to reach Daiyo, a giant condor arrives to peck at Godzilla. Godzilla kills the bird and tries to rest, but the Red Bambo send several jets to attack him. Amid the chaos, Daiyo reunites with the others as Godzilla destroys several jets and makes his way toward the red bamboo base. The Red Bamboo activate their defenses but they fail to halt Godzilla. Yoshimura notices Yata has gone to rescue the natives and heads out with the others. Godzilla's rampage disrupts the nuclear chamber and the prison the natives are held in as the Red Bamboo arrive to haul off some liquid. Trapped with the natives, Nita spots Yata and Yoshimura, who uses his lock picking skills to free them. They run into a scientist who threatens to blow up the island with a nuclear bomb. But Godzilla causes the roof to cave in, crushing the scientist and inadvertently starting the nuclear countdown. The rest of the Red Bamboo attempt to escape on a boat as the natives begin to build a net. Ebirah emerges an approaches the Red Bamboo ship. They try to use the liquid to drive the monster away, but are unaware they've been given a phony batch. Ebirah crushes the boat as Godzilla arrives to battle the monster once more. As the monsters fight and the natives build, Yoshimura, Ryota, and Yata try to stop the countdown. On Infant Island, the people continue to pray to Mothra as the group on Letchi realize she is their only hope to escape. Mothra awakens and flies off to Letchi as Godzilla continues to grapple with Ebirah. Godzilla tears off one of the Ebirah's arms, causing the monster to retreats. Mothra arrives to rescue the natives, but is attacked by Godzilla. Mothra drives Godzilla away as everyone gets into the net. Mothra picks it up and flies off. Yoshimura and the others feel sympathetic towards Godzilla and call out to him to abandon the island. Godzilla plunges into the ocean, managing to escape the island just as it explodes. Mothra flies back home as her people have been liberated. 