 Three Women (1977)Summaries Two roommates/physical therapists, one a vain woman and the other a mysterious teenager, share a bizarre relationship. Pinky is an awkward adolescent who starts work at a spa in the California desert. She becomes overly attached to fellow spa attendant, Millie when she becomes Millie's room-mate. Millie is a lonely outcast who desperately tries to win attention with constant up-beat chatter. They hang out at a bar owned by a strange pregnant artist and her has-been cowboy husband. After two emotional crises, the three women steal and trade personalities until they settle into a new family unit that seems to give each woman what she was searching for. danetta cox cordova In a Southern California desert community, Millie Lammoreaux, a physical therapist at a seniors rehab center, is a self-absorbed young woman who believes she is the center of the social life of those around her, especially when it comes to men, whether those situations be at work, at home in her apartment complex or at her favorite hangout, Dodge City, a western styled bar, while, without either realizing it or not really caring, she is emotionally on the outside looking in, with many talking negatively about her behind her back. The one person who does believe Millie is truly perfect is Pinky Rose, a childlike and emotionally needy young woman who also gets a job as a physical therapist at the same rehab facility, this Pinky's first ever real job, and the first since she moved to California from small town Texas. So after Millie's roommate Deidre moves out of their one bedroom apartment, Pinky does whatever she needs to ensure she fills Deidre's old spot, despite she not needing to move from her own accommodation. This stint as roommates truly does begin the two women's unusual relationship, where one fills the need of the other, not always in positive ways. The last in the titular triumvirate is currently pregnant Willie Hart, co-owner along with her ex-western stuntman husband Edgar Hart of both the apartment complex and Dodge City, a largely silent woman who paints, her mural canvasses largely the sides and bottoms of swimming pools. While first Millie and then Pinky has a more outward bond with Edgar, again largely in less than positive ways in often drunken Edgar's bluster, they may truly need Willie to fill the void not inherent in either of their beings. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 