 Santa Barbara (19841993)Summaries In Santa Barbara, California, the fascinating and tumultuous life of the rich Capwells around who gravitate other families, from the Lockridges, the rival family, to the Andrades or the Perkins, more modest families but which destinies know the same torments. Anonymous This show revolves around the shock waves that ensue from Sophia Capwell's (Judith McConnell's) child by Lionel Lockridge (Nicolas Coster), Channing, Jr. (Robert Brian Wilson) passed off as the second son of her husband, C.C. Capwell (Jed Allan). Channing impregnates the maid's daughter, Santana (Gina Gallego), and as Sophia argues with her son about it, she accidentally shoots him to death. C.C. is furious at the loss of his son. Sophia flees the country, eventually returning disguised as a man, with the aid of daughter Kelly (Robin Wright). In the meantime, C.C. wants his new grandson, Channing's son by Santana, and to get custody of him, Santana is institutionalized. C.C. remarries that vixen too endearing to be a villain, Gina (Robin Mattson), and they adopt Brandon (Justin Gocke), Santana's baby by the late Channing. Santana tries to reclaim her son, but winds up with visitation rights. Brandon is happy with Gina as his mother, with his father being the man who was his grandmother's husband, but biologically not related to him at all. Gina and C.C. wind up divorcing, Gina remarries Mason (Lane Davies), C.C.'s son by first wife Pamela (Marj Dusay). That marriage does not last, either. Sophia and C.C. reunite, but their remarriage does not last one year before they separate again. The enormity of Sophia's infidelity and the true paternity of Channing serve as the pretext for the disappearance of her most famous offspring, daughter Eden (Marcy Walker). While the extraordinarily popular actress who portrayed Eden tried other roles in other productions, her absence was explained by her insanity at not being able to cope with the discovery of Channing's true parentage. Rob C.C. Capwell (Jed Allan) is a multimillionaire. He is a very powerful and greedy man, who loves money and authority. His children are: Mason (Lane Davies), Eden (Marcy Walker), Kelly (Robin Wright), Ted (Todd McKee), Craig (John Callahan), and adoptive child Brandon (Justin Gocke). C.C. loves Sophia (Judith McConnell). Her children are: Eden, Kelly, Ted, and Brick (Richard Eden). C.C.'s worse enemy is Gina (Robin Mattson). Gina is Brandon's foster-mother. She raises him. C.C. wants to do it himself. Brandon's real mother is Santana (Gina Gallego). Eden loves Cruz (A Martinez). Cruz is a policeman. Julia (Nancy Lee Grahn) and Mason (Lane Davies) are divorced, they have a daughter Samantha (Erin Moore). The Lockridge family persecutes the Capwells. Minx Lockridge (Dame Judith Anderson) is an old lady, she is the mother of Lionel (Nicolas Coster) and Cassandra (Karen Moncrieff). Lionel is in love with Augusta (Louise Sorel). It is a strange couple, just like Gina and Keith (Justin Deas). This show is a serial about these people, their relatives, and friends. Marina Aunapuu <mariaun@ut.ee> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 