 The Inglorious Bastards (1978)44) In 1944 France, a group of escaped American military prisoners en route to Switzerland volunteers to steal a Nazi V2 rocket warhead for the Allies. In 1944, in France, the rogue American soldiers Lieutenant Robert Yeager, Private Fred Canfield, the murderer Tony, the thief Nick and the coward Berle are transported to a military prison. However, the convoy is attacked by the Germans and they survive and flee with the intention of cross the border of Switzerland. Along their journey, they fight against a German platoon and capture the German prisoner Adolf Sachs that offers to guide them to the Swiss border. When they meet a German troop, they kill them but sooner they discover that they actually were and American commando in a mission headed by Colonel Buckner to steal a German V2 warhead. Lt. Yeager, Fred, Tony and Nick offer to risk their lives to accomplish the mission. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the Ardennes, near the end of World War II, Lieutenant Robert Yeager, along with a quartet of American soldiers awaiting trial for various war crimes, manage to escape during a Luftwaffe air raid. On their way to Switzerland, the team crosses paths with a German patrol, and as one thing leads to another, the men find themselves embroiled in a suicide mission. Now, the counterfeit commandos will have to assault an impenetrable armoured train guarded by armed-to-the-teeth Nazis, carrying an early prototype of the devastating V-2 long-range ballistic missile. Will the inglorious bastards manage to pull off a surprising victory, and clear their names? Nick Riganas Set in Europe during WWII, a group of American soldiers are in the process of being shipped off to military prison for a variety of infractions, ranging from desertion to murder. While they're being transported, a German artillery attack hits the convoy, killing the MPs and enabling four of the prisoners to escape. The group decides their best bet is to head to neutral Switzerland where they can avoid the fighting and prison. As they make their way to what they think will be freedom, they end up volunteering for a commando mission to steal a V2 warhead for the French Underground. Somehow, the team must sneak into the most heavily guarded base in German territory, steal the Nazi's most precious military hardware, and bring it back to the allies without getting arrested again by their own side. The Inglorious Bastards It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 