 Punchline (1988)Summaries A medical school dropout and a housewife/mom try to make it as stand-up comedians. They become friends and help each other out at an NYC comedy club. Steven Gold is a stand-up comedian who is flat broke and has recently dropped out of medical school. He and several others work regularly at the Gas Station, a New York comedy club. The wages are lousy and everybody hopes for the big break. Lilah Krytsick is housewife with an ambition to be a stand-up comedian, however she doesnt seem to have the talent. Steven takes her under his wings and teaches her the art of comedy and humour. But when a TV station arranges a comedy evening at the club, Steve sees his opportunity for fame and stardom. Their friendship seems quickly forgotten and now it's every man and woman for him- or herself! Mattias Pettersson <seaman@sbbs.se> Lilah Krytsick is a New Jersey housewife and mother, she married to insurance salesman John Krytsick who expects her to place these household roles as her priority in life. Steven Gold has just been kicked out of medical school, he, not a very good student, who was only admitted by having his doctor father pull some strings. Although he never wanted to be a doctor, Steven doesn't want his father to know he is no longer in school. Lilah and Steven casually know each other with both being stand-up comics - secret lives to both John and Steven's father - they performing for $15 a set at a New York City comedy club called The Gas Station. Lilah has always felt joy in making people laugh, although she strains in putting together a set that is meaningful to her and thus funny to the audience. Steven, arguably considered the best comic at the club, wants to make it big in the business. However, he sucks up most of the proverbial oxygen when at the club, which doesn't sit well with some of the other comics, especially the less secure ones who also want to make this business their life. While Lilah deals with trying to balance this secret life and her household duties while also trying to improve her stand-up skills, and while Steven strives to make a career of stand-up happen sooner than later in needing to eke out a life for himself, Lilah and Steven connect on an emotional level through comedy. The question then becomes what will happen to their friendship as they focus on their own priorities in their lives holistically, which is only complicated as network executives hold a contest at the club, the winner who will be featured on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson (1962) . Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 