 The Professional (1981)44) Victim of a plot which has resulted in his imprisonment in a Central African jail for two years, a French secret agent arrives in Paris to settle accounts. French secret agent Joss Baumont is sent to one of the African countries to kill their president Njala. However, at the last moment the political situation changes and the French secret service turns him in to the African authorities, and he is sentenced to a long-term imprisonment. After the daring escape he returns to France and deliberately informs his former chiefs of his presence promising them to kill Njala who has just arrived to the country with the official visit. Yuri German <blsidt1@imf.org> The film tells us a story of a secret agent Josselin Beaumont (Jean-Paul Belmondo) sent to assassinate president N'Jala (Pierre Saintons), the dictator in Malagawi, a fictional state somewhere in Africa. However, after Joss leaves France, the political situation between France and Malagawi somehow changes and the French cabinet is obliged to report Malagawi about Joss so they know about his arrival and therefore can take appropriate action. The rest of the film is about fulfilling the given command by any means. His intention of assassinating N'Jala remains unchanged. Anonymous After three revolutions, five republics, and two long and painful years of incarceration in an overcrowded, violent African prison, the French secret service agent, Major Josselin Beaumont, returns home. But this time, after a botched attempt to assassinate Malagawi's brutal dictator, President N'Jala, by order of the French government, double-crossed Joss is bent on taking his sweet revenge on those who betrayed him and bring war on the doorstep of elegant Paris. They say revenge is a dish best served cold, and highly trained Joss knows how to wait. Is there an escape from fate and dangerous Josselin, the professional? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 