 Great Balls of Fire! (1989)44) The life and career of wildly controversial rock 'n' roll star Jerry Lee Lewis . A semi-fictionalized account of the early career of Jerry Lee Lewis is presented. The year is 1956, and he, as the front man, is trying to break into the business in a combo with among others his cousin, J.W. Brown , playing his rollicking version of the music he has always been interested in: what he heard emanating from the black honky-tonks of the south. Success and what goes along with it - fame and money - are arguably foremost on his mind. Against the many odds, he is able to gain that success, the odds including the Christian moral majority largely denouncing his type of music - hard driving rock 'n' roll - as that of the devil and thus anti-Christian, with one of his most vocal opponents with regard to his music being another cousin, sidewalk evangelist Jimmy Swaggart . He may derail his own success in his reckless behavior, especially falling prey to his urges with adoring young female fans, the most scandalous relationship being with J.W. and his wife Lois' thirteen year old daughter, Myra Gale Brown, who would go on imminently to become Myra Lewis , aka Mrs. Jerry Lee Lewis, and who in part was looking for a protector in her fear during this nuclear age. Huggo The story of Jerry Lee Lewis, arguably the greatest and certainly one of the wildest musicians of the 1950s. His arrogance, remarkable talent, and unconventional lifestyle often brought him into conflict with others in the industry, and even earned him the scorn and condemnation of the public. In 1956, Louisiana bad boy Jerry Lee Lewis moves to Memphis, determined to dethrone Elvis Presley with his ferocious, God-given talent. When Jerry Lee bangs out the chorus with his feet, huge fans howl out for more. When he finishes his performance by setting his piano ablaze, they mob the stage. But when he marries his 13-year-old cousin Myra Gale Brown...the scandal nearly destroys the Killer's career. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Sneaking with his cousin Jimmy Swaggart to check out the dancing people at the Chocolate Bar, Jerry Lee Lewis, for the first time hears the piano, playing in a style he soon learns to play. Now living with his cousin J.W. Brown, he meets 13-year-old Myra Gale Brown and they soon fall for each other. Now Jerry Lee is a rock star and decides to marry Myra, much to the anger and chagrin of her parents, which started his downfall. However, Jimmy's struggling career as a preacher (now-televangelist) keeps him in constant conflict with Jerry Lee's wild rock and roll career. The question is will Jerry Lee succeed, or will his young wife and his stubborn pride keep him from being the Killer himself? wishingsparklingstar It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 