 Northern Exposure (19901995)Summaries A newly graduated doctor is required to set up his practice in an eccentric Alaskan town. Dr. Joel Fleischman (Rob Morrow) is fresh out of medical college, and fresh out of luck. Failing to read the fine print in his scholarship conditions, he finds he has no choice but to move to the remote and somewhat eccentric town of Cicely, Alaska. Once there, he is welcomed by the peculiar locals who are not keen to see him go, most especially Maurice J. Minnifield (Barry Corbin), the ex-N.A.S.A. astronaut. Despite Joel's adamant denials, one gets the impression that he enjoys life in Cicely more than he admits. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Joel Fleischman (Rob Morrow) is a nebbishy Jewish doctor from New York City, and a fresh-faced medical school graduate. He's also about to begin the four-year service contract he promised to the state of Alaska, who financed his education. But he just happened to forget reading some of the stipulations in his contract, that has assigned him to the small post of Cicely, Alaska. A town of two hundred fourteen people that welcomes its newest resident with open arms. As he contends with the daily lives and rituals of these all too normal and trusting folk, Joel just might realize that Cicely's quieter ways are probably more civilized than the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. Made up of Cicely's various residents, patients, and friends of Fleischman include wealthy former astronaut Maurice J. Minnifield (Barry Corbin); feisty pilot Maggie O'Connell (Janine Turner); Mayor and saloon owner Holling Vincoeur (John Cullum); his sweet, naive waitress girlfriend Shelly Marie Tambo (Cynthia Geary) (who's young enough to be his daughter); intellectual ex-con and disc jockey Chris Stevens (John Corbett); Joel's far wiser and very quiet receptionist Marilyn Whirlwind (Elaine Miles); kindly store owner Ruth-Anne Miller (Peg Phillips), and avid movie buff Ed Chigliak (Darren E. Burrows). mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 