 Communion (1989)Summaries Oct.4 and Dec.26 the Strieber family drives from NYC to their cabin in the woods. Both nights there are some powerful lights outside and maybe aliens. The dad is mentally affected by the "bad dream", goes to the shrink and is hypnotized. Whitley Strieber goes with his family and some friends to his holiday home in the forest. They experience some weird occurances, are they UFO activity? Whitley is abducted and then faces a horrible dilema; was I abducted or am I going mad? He sees a psychiatrist who tries to use hypnotic regression to discover the truth. Matthew Stanfield <mattst@cogs.susx.ac.uk> A writer who has a family of 3 goes on holiday with friends to their very upscale log home outside of town in mainland USA. This huge 2 story, 2 sided milled log home is completely decked out with plumbing, electricity, side by side fridge/freezer, dishwasher, hardwood floors, sliding glass doors, and 2 gigantic covered attached decks. This is no "cabin in the woods" due to the fact it has plumbing and power. A "cabin" whether log or frame construction has an outhouse, NO running water or electricity. This vacation palace even has a security system and the road goes all the way up to the front door! It's a peaceful, gorgeous spot to unwind and enjoy time away from work with loved ones. As they all settle in for the night an unexpected series of events unfolds. Lights that are so bright it's like the noonday sun at midnight blast through the windows waking everyone. The next morning their friends are so unnerved, they persuade the writer's family to take them back to town immediately. After the experience with their friends in October, the writer's family goes back out to their log vacation home for Christmas holidays and experience unusual lights during the night again. It's difficult to ascertain exactly what happened. The writer's family and friends dig deep trying to understand what they've all experienced. Is a group dream? Hallucination? Or real? Who are the little blue Dr's? Are they helping humanity in some way? onelonedolphin-38389 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 