 Bugsy Malone (1976)44) The classic gangster story of Bugsy Malone told with an all-child cast. A gangster movie in which all the gangsters are played by children. Instead of real guns and ammo, they use "splurge guns" that cover the victim in whipped cream. The story tells of the rise of Bugsy Malone and the battle for power between Fat Sam and Dandy Dan. Steve Crook <steve@brainstorm.co.uk> A pint-sized cast illuminates this musical that is unlike any other ever made. Set in 1929 New York City, Bugsy Malone captures a flashy world of would-be hoodlums, showgirls, and dreamers - all played by child actors! As Tallulah, the sassy girlfriend of the owner of Fat Sam's Grand Slam Speakeasy, future superstar Jodie Foster dances and sings her way into our hearts. Award-winning pop composer Paul Williams wrote the words and music for this thoroughly delightful movie. Anonymous A standard Roaring '20s New York gangster story is told in a non-standard way with tweens, plus or minus a few years, portraying the usual adult roles leading to a blend of those adult and tween sensibilities in the storytelling. A gang war has erupted between Dandy Dan and Fat Sam, the former who wants to take over the latter's businesses. Those businesses are centered on a speakeasy, the Grand Slam, where Fat Sam's streetwise girlfriend, Tallulah, headlines the floor show. Dandy Dan has taken the upper hand in the war with his henchmen employing the latest in technology, the splurge gun. With his ranks being decimated in the process, Fat Sam turns to Bugsy Malone, a hanger on at the speakeasy who has shown in the past that he is quick on his feet and in his thinking possibly to outwit Dandy Dan. Bugsy has a lot riding on success as he wants to impress Blousey Brown, who is trying to break into show business and whose ultimate goal is to become a Hollywood movie star, Bugsy promising her that he will get her that train ticket west. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 