 Blacula (1972)541) An ancient African prince, turned into a vampire by Dracula himself, finds himself in modern Los Angeles. An 18th century African statesman is transformed into a vampire, cursed with the name Blacula, and entombed in Dracula's Castle after he fails to convince the Count to support him in his cause to end the slave trade. Two hundred years later, a pair of interior decorators transport his coffin to L.A. where he awakes with an unquenchable thirst for human blood. As Blacula pursues a woman who resembles his long dead wife, her brother-in-law, a pathologist, investigates the string of carnage that follows in the vampire's wake. Molly Rose Steed In 1780, the African Prince Mamuwalde and his beloved wife Luva meet Count Dracula at his castle in Transylvania to request his support to suppress the slave trade. However, Dracula offends Mamuwalde and Luva and turns the prince into a vampire, cursing him with the name Blacula. Then he imprisons Blacula in a coffin in a chamber and leaves Luva also inside to die. In 1972, the gays decorators Bobby McCoy and Billy Schaffer travel to Transylvania to buy some antiques, including Blacula's coffin, and ships the goods to Los Angeles. When they open the casket, they are attacked by Blacula, who is thirsty to drink blood. Soon Blacula sees Tina, who is a double of Luva, at the funeral home where will be the wake of Bobby McCoy and believes she is Luva's reincarnation. Blakula meets Tina at a night-club, where she is celebrating the anniversary of her sister Michelle with her husband Dr. Gordon Thomas. Dr. Thomas is a pathologist of LAPD that believes the last deaths in L.A. is caused by a vampire and is seeking evidence to prove to his colleague Lt. Jack Peters that the fiend does exist. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Blacula is the story of Mamuwalde, an African Prince. In 1780, after visiting Count Dracula, Manuwalde is turned into a vampire and locked in a coffin. The scene shifts to 1972, when two antique collectors transport the coffin to Los Angeles. The two men open the coffin and unleash Blacula on the city of Los Angeles. Blacula soon finds Tina, who is his wife, Luva, reincarnated, and gains her love. Tina's friend, Dr. Gordon, discovers Blacula is a vampire and hunts him down. Clint Poskozim <Kuest000@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is Transylvania 1780. The Black Prince Mamuwalde [William Marshall] and his wife Luva [Vonetta McGee] dine with Dracula [Charles Macauley] at Castle Dracula, until they become the feast. When Mamuwalde resists, Dracula curses him to be "Blacula...like myself...a living fiend...never to know that sweet blood which shall be your only desire." Dracula seals Blacula in an inescapable tomb. It is now Transylvania 1972. Two antique dealers buy some items from Dracula's castle and ship them to L.A. One of the items is a coffin from which Mamuwalde/Blacula emerges after his 200 year sleep. Mamuwalde feeds on them. At their funeral, Mamuwalde notices Tina, who looks like his exwife Tuva, and he pursues her, but she eludes him. Tina and Mamuwalde meet again later at a club and fall in love. Meanwhile, a lot of blood-drained bodies are showing up around L.A., and Dr Gordon Thomas [Thalmus Rasulala] is concerned. He talks Michelle [Denise Nichols] into digging up one of the antique dealers, and they find that he has become a vampire. They begin to suspect Mamuwalde and go in search of his coffin. Mamuwalde has made Tina a vampire, and Thomas and Michelle stake her, thinking she is the vampire. Distraught over Tina's death, Mamuwalde goes out onto the sunny roof and dies. 