 Cyrano de Bergerac (1990)55) Famed swordsman and poet Cyrano de Bergerac is in love with his cousin Roxane. He has never expressed his love for her as he his large nose undermines his self-confidence. Then he finds a way to express his love to her, indirectly. A dashing officer of the guard and romantic poet, Cyrano de Bergerac is in love with his cousin Roxane without her knowing. His one curse in his life, he feels, is his large nose and although it may have been a forming influence in his rapier-sharp wit, he believes that Roxane will reject him. He resorts to writing letters to her on behalf of one of his cadets, Christian, who is also in love with Roxane but just doesn't know how to tell her. She falls for the poetic charm of the letters but believes that they were written by Christian. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> Soldier and poet Cyrano de Bergerac is in love with Roxane, but he's too ashamed to admit it because of his big nose. When a cadet, Christian, falls for Roxane, he asks for Cyrano's help in sharing his feelings. Cyrano writes love letters signed with Christian's name, and Roxane doesn't realize that it's Cyrano's words she falls for. She marries Christian, and Cyrano continues to keep the other man's secret, even after tragedy strikes. Jwelch5742 Famed swordsman and poet Cyrano de Bergerac is in love with his cousin Roxane. She is unaware of this and does not feel the same way about him. He has never expressed his love for her as he his large nose undermines his self-confidence. Then he finds a way to express his love to her, without her knowing the thoughts are coming from him. grantss Adorned with a magnificent protuberance that resembles a nose, Cyrano de Bergerac, a romantic, swaggering 17th-century Gascon swordsman, finds it difficult to express his love for beautiful Roxane. But, with his elongated nose standing in the way of happiness, Cyrano is shocked to discover that the love of his life has fallen for the handsome but shallow recruit to the Cadets de Gascogne, Christian de Neuvillette. As a result, convinced that he doesn't stand a chance against the dashing but inarticulate young suitor, Cyrano summons up the strength to step aside, and in a selfless act of kindness, decides to lend a hand with the delicate matters of love. Now, the sensitive poet's carefully chosen words become Christian's passionate declarations of love, and defenceless Roxane, who is oblivious of what has been going on behind her back, has no other choice but to fall madly in love with the silver-tongued author of the seductive billets-doux. Can love overcome the machinations of fate? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 