 Donkey Skin (1970)44) A fairy godmother helps a princess disguise and flee the kingdom so she won't have to marry the king who happens to be her father. The education of a princess wrapped in a love story. A king and queen live happily until her sudden death. The king decides to marry his lovely daughter. She's willing, but the Lily Fairy serves as a social conscience, intent on thwarting incest. She instructs the princess to request a series of dresses impossible to make; however, the king's tailor succeeds. So the fairy plots the princess's escape, wearing the skin of the king's prize donkey. She's spirited away to be a scullery maid dressed in the noisome skin. A wandering prince sees her in the woods and is smitten. Can love find its course, and does the princess learn a lesson of life's hardships? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Following the death of his beautiful wife the Queen, a King searches for a young princess to marry, promising his wife before he died that he would only marry someone more beautiful than her. His new bride's primary role would be to produce a male heir as the King and Queen only have a daughter. After an exhaustive search, the King is convinced by his aides that the only princess that fits the bill is his own daughter, a younger spitting image of her mother. Unwise to the ways of the world, the Princess knows that she loves her father, not quite knowing the different types of love. Advised by her Fairy Godmother who has her own secret history with the King, the Princess tries to fend off her father's proposals. But it isn't until the Fairy Godmother advises on a strategy that involves the King needing to kill the kingdom's magical donkey that excretes precious coins and jewels - the source of much of the King's wealth - that the Princess is able to escape by hiding under the donkey's skin. In that skin, the Princess is transformed into an ugly hag, albeit a hag with the gift of one of the Fairy Godmother's magic wands. In the town where the Princess is hiding out as a scullery maid, a Prince will soon be traveling through, he searching for his true love. Some magical forces tell him to follow his heart, which if he does not listen may make him miss finding his true love, namely the Princess, known in those parts only as Donkey Skin. Huggo Somewhere in a strange, colourful land, the devastated Blue King promises his wife on her deathbed that he would only wed someone more beautiful than she is. But, the kingdom needs an heir, and alas, the only woman even prettier than the deceased Blue Queen is her daughter, the fair Blue Princess. As a result, to escape such a terrible fate, the frightened girl takes her wise godmother the Fairy of the Lilacs' advice, and sets her father a series of nearly impossible tasks to discourage him from marrying her; nevertheless, the determined ruler succeeds. Now, as the young lady flees to the nearby village disguised as an unkempt scullery maid wearing the foul skin of a donkey, a chance encounter with the handsome Red Prince of the neighbouring kingdom will pave the way for an unlikely romance, and a quixotic quest in the name of love. Are those two meant to be together, and live happily ever after? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 