 Chandni (1989)541) Fate leaves Chandni shattered as her love Rohit disappears from her life. She meets Lalit and they befriend each other until Rohit knocks on her door. In one cruel stroke of fate, Chandni (Sridevi) faces life alone, her heart and her dreams shattered as Rohit (Rishi Kapoor) disappears from her life. When she meets Lalit (Vinod Khanna) who is fighting the demons of tragic memories, they both find solace in this new friendship. Lalit's affection gives a new direction to Chandni's life, but Lalit is falling for her and Chandni resigns to destiny, till one day, Rohit knocks on her door. CHANDNI is a classic Yash Chopra love story, softly lyrical, throbbingly beautiful and filled with exquisite locales, lilting melodies and the sound of three hearts hopelessly in love. Official Source On the very first meeting itself, the beautiful Chandni and handsome, yet wealthy Rohit fall head over heels in love with each other and the dating begins. When Rohit proposes marriage to Chandni she immediately agrees but Rohit's family disagree since Chandni is not of wealthy grounds. Going against his family's wishes; Rohit engages Chandni. All is well in the beginning for the couple until Rohit meets with an accident and is paralyzed unable to move; then Chandni became the care taker of Rohit much to her shock when one day Rohit misbehave, asks her to forget about him and leave his house which she did. Heart broken and Ill-fated Chandni attempts to move on in live by working as a secretary at an airline service and comes across a kind-heart-ed boss by the name of Laliat Khanna. Chandni finds out that Laliat is another one who have been deprive of his beloved. Laliat introduces Chandni to his mom and she immediately took a liking to the girl and brings forward a proposal of marriage for her son to which Chandni immediately agrees. And then one day Chandni is shocked to see Rohit at her door-step but this time fit and fine and he too sets forward to marry her. Now Chandni must make a choice to spend her life with either Laliat or Rohit. Who will she choose? gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Rohit meets Chandni at a wedding and pursues her till she says yes.Rohit's family is against their relationship due to difference in their status.Rohit and Chandini manage to get engaged.One day while Rohit calls Chandini to come up on the terrace and she sees him showering his love with petals from an helicopter.Rohit looses his balance and falls off.Rohit's family blame Chandini for this.The accident leaves him paralyzed and he starts to berate Chandini so that she should leave him.Chandini shifts to Bombay and starts working in ad agency owned by Lalit.Lalit and Chandni at first have differences. While Lalit lives for Switzerland for a business trip he proposes her and waits for her response till he returns .While Rohit decides stand back on his feet for Chandni and goes to Switzerland for treatment.Rohit and Lalit meet in Switzerland and become good friends and discuss their love.But both are unaware that they are in love with the same woman.Chandini to is confused to accept Lalit proposal as she had committed her love to Rohit. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chandni is my name. Chandni is my life. Chandni is my dream. There are not merely words. They are the lives of three people, inter woven together - Chandni, Rohit and Lalit's. Three names, three hearts, three dreams and one emotion - Love. From time immemorial whenever this word has been spoken, the winds have carried its fragrance, the flowers have bloomed with its beauty and lips have sung its songs. Love came to Chandni and Rohit in one breathless moment when they first saw each other. The hustle and bustle of people around them faded away as if time itself had stopped. They reached out to each other and tried to fill their hands with the happiness of a lifetime. But happiness is elusive. It cannot be caught, not even by young lovers. In one cruel stroke, fate seperated them. Chandni was left heart broken and her dreams dispersed. She then gathered the memories of her love together and stepped out to face the world and into a new life. And then she met Lalit. Lalit, whose past contained tragic memories of a first love. Memories, which lived with him. Memories, which even today shadowed his eyes and stilled the smile on his lips. But after he met Chandni, the sad memories receded into the distant past and the shadows were replaced by her radiance. Lalit, a supportive presence and the unspoken affection that blazed from his eyes gave a new direction to Chandni's life. But she found herself standing at a crossroad. In one direction was Rohit and her past. In the other was Lalit and the present and in the third was a future that was unknown to all three. They were all pawns in the game of fate. A game that was past truth, past illusion, past reality, past dreams. One thing was certain that truth and faith would prevail and in the end there would be only one winner. LOVE. 