 Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell (1974)431) Baron Frankenstein works with a mental patient to reanimate the dead. The last of the Hammer Frankenstein films, this one deals with Baron Victor Frankenstein hiding out in an insane asylum so that he may continue his experiments in reanimating the dead along with fellow inmate Dr. Simon Helder, who has been institutionalized for conducting such experiments. Humberto Amador A body snatcher is caught by a police sergeant and he gives up the name and address of his client, Dr. Simon Helder. The doctor is arrested, accused of sorcery, and sent to a psychiatric institution. There he meets Dr. Carl Victor, a.k.a. Baron Victor Frankenstein, who is presumed dead, but actually is alive and secretly continuing his experiments in reanimating the dead. Dr. Helder hero-worships Frankenstein and has studied his work; he becomes his assistant together with the mute girl Sarah. One day, Dr. Helder discovers Frankenstein's secret laboratory and accidentally releases a monster in the institution, causing panic among the inmates and staff. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Simon Helder (Shane Briant) spends his nights piecing together body parts from cadavers for his research but is brought before a judge and sentenced to 5 years in an insane asylum where he is tortured by the orderlies. Little does Helder know but Baron Frankenstein (Peter Cushing) has been hiding out in the asylum and when he discovers the young doctor he enlists him as an assistant to help in the tending of the medical needs of the other inmates but ultimately to help with the creation of a new monster he is bringing to life. The monster (David Prowse) is a compilation of body parts taken from the dying inmates in the asylum, many of whom Frankenstein euthanizes for his purpose. Helder is uneasy with the Barons utilizing of the inmates to further his research and tells the Baron his feelings, but the Baron confides in Helder a secret that is the cause of his lovely young assistant Sarah (Madeline Smith) a mute who is the daughter of the lecherous Asylum Director (John Stratton). As the experiments progress and the monster is created it becomes apparent that there is an incompatibility of body parts, driving the monster homicidally insane and aggressively vicious. 