 Lord of the Flies (1963)761) Schoolboys marooned on a Pacific island create their own savage civilization. A group of young boys are stranded alone on an island. Left to fend for themselves, they must take on the responsibilities of adults, even if they are not ready to do so. Inevitably, two factions form: one group (lead by Ralph) want to build shelters and collect food, whereas Jack's group would rather have fun and HUNT; illustrating the difference between civilization and savagery. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> After a plane crash in the ocean, a group of British students reach an island. The boy Ralph organizes the other kids, assigning responsibilities for each one. When the rebel Jack neglects the fire camp and they lose the chance to be seen by an airplane, the group split under the leadership of Jack. While Ralph rationalizes the survival procedures, Jack returns to the primitivism, using the fear for the unknown (in a metaphor to the religion) and hunger to control the other boys. His group starts hunting and chasing pigs, stealing the possession of Ralph's group and even killing people. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the hands of the renowned experimental theater director Peter Brook, William Golding's legendary novel about the primitivism lurking beneath civilization becomes a film as raw and ragged as the lost boys at its center. Taking an innovative documentary-like approach, Brook shot Lord of the Flies with an off-the-cuff naturalism, seeming to record a spontaneous eruption of its characters' ids. The result is a rattling masterpiece, as provocative as its source material. A group of schoolboys marooned on a Pacific island, left to fend for themselves, take on the responsibilities of being an adult. 2 societies end up being created, one of the civilized and one of the savages. Hostility develops between these 2 groups that eventually escalate to a bloody and frightening climax. Anirudh Kumar A group of boys are marooned on an island after their plane crashes. With no adult survivors, they create their own "micro-society". Ralph is elected "chief", and he organises shelter and fire. Jack, the head of the choir takes his boys hunting for food (wild pigs). A bitter rivalry develops between Jack and Ralph as both want to be in charge. The "hunters" become savage and primal, under Jack's rule, while Ralph tries to keep his group civilised. The growing hostility between them leads to a bloody and frightening climax. Ghost <sga@iconz.co.nz> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sometime in the future, a group of well-mannered English schoolboys are evacuated from London at the outbreak of a war. Their plane crashes en route to the South Pacific, on the shore of an uninhabited tropical island. About 35 of the boys make it to land, but there are no adult survivors and the plane wreckage is washed out to sea. Ralph, one of the older boys, is voted leader, and efforts are made to set up a society which will enable them to survive. By reflecting the sun through eyeglasses belonging to the fat and asthmatic Piggy, they start a signal fire for rescue planes. Jack, the bully of the lot, appoints himself chief hunter, and he and his aides track down and kill a wild pig, the head of which they mount on a sharpened stick as an offering to the unknown beast they believe lives on the mountain top. Actually, the "beast" is the body of a dead pilot; and what has terrified the children in the night is the fluttering of his parachute. Eventually a fight ensues between Ralph and Jack, and the latter takes his followers to another part of the island, where they paint their bodies and faces and revert to a savage, primitive life. One night, during a frenzied ritual featuring war dances and chanting, they hear a rustle in the underbrush and brutally slay the innocent Simon, who came to tell them he had learned the true identity of the beast. Now completely savage, the boys kill the helpless Piggy and then set out after Ralph, planning to offer him as a sacrifice to the beast. They chase him across the island until they come face to face with a rescue party. Confronted once more by civilization, the boys break off their pursuit and begin weeping. 