 Mission: Impossible (19881990)44) An elite covert operations unit carries out highly sensitive missions subject to official denial in the event of failure, death or capture. Jim Phelps is the head of a super-secret government agency ("Impossible Mission Force"), and is often given secret anonymous covert missions to attempt; quite often they are unmasking of criminals or rescuing of hostages. He picks his team depending on which tasks need to be done. One thing is vital on an Impossible Mission: the mission must be carried out in entire secrecy, often relying on high-tech equipment and elaborate deceptions. A 1988 update of the classic 1966 series, featuring a great deal of high-tech gadgetry. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> The year is 1988 and time marches on...and so do evildoers. For this reason, Jim Phelps (Peter Graves) resurfaces from retirement to avenge the assassination of his protg and best friend under the auspices of the Impossible Mission Force [IMF]. Impressed by technology 20 years more advanced than his previous tenure with the IMF, and motivated in choosing a new team, Phelps sees such seamless success in this first return to the world of team espionage against global threats that he decides to stay and keep the team intact. The NEW IMF lead team: Nicholas Black (Thaao Penghlis), Ivy League drama professor and disguise expert; Grant Collier (Phil Morris), technology wizard and athletic implementer of gadgetry and the son of Jim's original technology genius; Barney Collier, Casey Randall (Terry Markwell), beautiful covert intelligence operative; Max Harte (Tony Hamilton), combat and weaponry expert; and later, Shannon Reed (Jane Badler) , a lovely tactical operations analyst. This show is a modern continuation of the original Mission Impossible series from 1966, with Jim Phelps as a successful connecting link between the two eras. Agent Chris Maverick A late 80s revival of the hit series. Peter Graves is back as team leader, Jim Phelps.. His new team consists of disguise expert, Nicholas Black, a disguise expert, Max Harte, the tough guy, Casey Randall, the obligatory female operative, and Barney Collier's son, Grant (actor Greg Morris'real son), who, just like his dad is the team's tech-expert. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 