 Hunter (I) (19841991)44) Rick Hunter is a renegade cop who bends the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious Sgt. McCall, the tough-minded duo set out to crack down on L.A.'s slimiest criminals. Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) and his partner, Detective Sergeant Dee Dee McCall (Stepfanie Kramer), are homicide investigators with the Los Angeles Police Department. Often they must go undercover to catch a variety of Los Angeles-style villains. Sporty James (Garrett Morris), a helpful Police informant, occasionally provided a bit of humor in this action-drama television series. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> L.A.P.D. Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) is a tough-minded, Dirty Harry-type Policeman who can't stand the creeps, thieves, rapists, and especially murderers who prowl the streets of Los Angeles. Unfortunately, his method of doing things doesn't sit well with his precinct Captains, which lead to their efforts to get rid of him. Because of his heavy-handed approach, he is unable to keep partners for any significant time frame, and is assigned to Detective Sergeant Dee Dee "The Brass Cupcake" McCall (Stepfanie Kramer). Through seven years on television, the homicide detectives found themselves up against the slimiest criminals Los Angeles had to offer. Derek O'Cain Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) is a good cop, who has a few things going against him. One is the fact that he, albeit unintentionally, injures his partners, which that not too many cops want to be his partner. Another is that his Captain has it in for him, and the fact that some of the people in his family are mobsters. Hunter teams up with Detective Sergeant Dee Dee McCall (Stepfanie Kramer), another cop who the other cops don't like. But nevertheless, they prove to be quite a formidable duo. As stated, Hunter's Captains during the first season had it in for him, but during the second season, Hunter's new Captain, Wyler (Bruce Davison), did not have a grudge against him, but liked to do things by the book, which Hunter sometimes didn't do. During the third season, his new Captain, Charles Devane (Charles Hallahan) got along well with Hunter and McCall. After six seasons, Stepfanie Kramer left the show. During the seventh season, Hunter and Devane were transfered to the Metro Division and were joined by Joanne Molenski (Darlanne Fluegel). Eventually, Molenski left and was replaced by Sergeant Chris Novak (Lauren Lane). <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 