 Zabriskie Point (1970)55) At a time of chronic civil unrest in the USA, at Zabriskie Point in Death Valley, California, a young revolutionary and an anthropology student meet and start an unrestrained relationship by making love on the dusty terrain. An epic portrait of late-1960s America as seen through the portrayal of two of its children: anthropology student Daria who's helping a property developer build a village in the Los Angeles desert, and dropout Mark who's wanted by the authorities for allegedly killing a policeman during a student riot. Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> In what is supposed to be an indictment of 1960's American society, two aimless young adults try to find themselves in the California desert. Mark is a college student who spends most of his time attending protest rallies. He's also taken to carrying a gun which gets him into big trouble when he is incorrectly identified as the shooter in a cop killing. To get out of town, he steals a small single-engine airplane. Daria works for a property owner planning a new development, but she heads into the desert to find a quiet place to meditate. When Mark and Daria meet, they have sex, travel a bit together, and otherwise spend their time idly wondering about life in general. garykmcd In late-1960s America, at Zabriskie Point which overlooks the Grand Canyon's lowest point, two perfect strangers meet. During a violent students' revolt, Mark, a young undergraduate dreamer armed with a gun, finds himself on the run from the police. He steals a small airplane and flies across the vast California desert in scorching Death Valley. Meanwhile, young free-spirited hippie student Daria is driving across the the desert's empty stretch of highway in her slate-gray 1952 Buick Special, and before long, the two rebellious youngsters cross paths. As the pair of beautiful pipe-dreamers sweep each other off their feet and start an unrestrained romance, their perfect bodies intertwine in a flawed world, making love in Zabriskie Point's dusty terrain. Nick Riganas An epic portrait of late-1960s America as seen through the portrayal of two of its children: anthropology student Daria, who's helping a property developer build a village in the Los Angeles desert, and dropout Mark, who's wanted by the authorities for allegedly killing a policeman during a student riot. carterlicious It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 