 There's a Girl in My Soup (1970)44) In their sexual game, an egotistical and womanizing television host meets his match, Marion, who seeks to remain one step ahead of him. TV personality Robert Danvers, an exceedingly vain rotter, seduces young women daily, never staying long with one. He meets his match in 19-year-old American Marion, who is available but refuses any romantic illusions. Her candor and cynicism put him off at first, but after he sees her breaking up with her rocker boyfriend, he's attracted to her and invites her on an idyllic fortnight in France. She slowly pokes holes in his artifice and he comes to care for her. When they return to Londonwith the press thinking they're married, they come to a crossroads: go back to their old lives, marry each other, or invent a new, open relationship. Is Robert up to it? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Robert Danvers (Peter Sellers) is an egotistical television host who seduces woman at every opportunity. When he meets Marion (Goldie Hawn), an American who has just married a British rock performer named Jimmy (Nicky Henson), he tries to charm her. Although Marion is not impressed by Robert's alluring act, she does agree to go on a trip with him to see the wine country in France. When they return, Robert has fallen in love with Marion, but she still has feelings for Jimmy. 41-year-old Robert Danvers is renowned for being an egomaniacal celebrity chef and culinary critic who hosts his own London-based gourmet-food television show, "Good Taste". But he's equally renowned for being a womanizing cad who has a revolving door of women. He's met his match Marion, a 19-year-old American who picks him up without knowing who he is or anything about his public or personal life--but she seems to know what he's all about. She admits that she wants to stay one step ahead of him in their sexual game. Despite their bumpy start--or perhaps because of it--she moves into his flat a day after knowing him and accompanies him on a business trip to the south of France. This being a relationship totally foreign to both, can it last, or will it last because it is different than all the previous casual relationships they've had up until now? Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 