 Battlestar Galactica (1978)321) After the destruction of the Twelve Colonies of Mankind, the last major fighter carrier leads a makeshift fugitive fleet in a desperate search for the legendary planet Earth. After 1,000 years of war, the humans from the Twelve Colonies are near to celebrate an armistice with the evil Cylon Empire. Out of the blue, the Cylons betray the pact and destroy the Colonies and their entire fleet, except the Battlestar Galactica. Commander Adama summons the few survivors from all the Colonies to follow him on a journey to find the mythical planet Earth. However, they are short of water, supplies and fuel and they head to the planet Carillon to replenish the fleet and get the supplies. Adama's son, the warrior Captain Apollo, and his partners Lieutenants Starbuck and Boomer destroy the mines left by the Cylons and they reach the planet. They are welcomed by the inhabitants and find the paradise. Meanwhile, the self-serving human leader Sire Uri wants to destroy their arms and live in the Cylon Empire despite the contempt of Adama. Sire Uri decides to give medals to Apollo, Starbuck and Boomer for their bravery on Carillon and invites the warriors to come to the party. However, Adama believes that it is a trap for the Galactica. What can he do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film takes place in a distant star system, in a distant future described as "the seventh millennium of time". For over a thousand years, humans from the Twelve Colonies (named Gemini, Caprica, Taurus, etc. as per astrological signs) have been fighting a war with the Cylons, a robotic race determined to exterminate humanity. The Cylons have unexpectedly sued for peace, through the diplomatic agency of a human, Count Baltar (John Colicos). The human leaders, called the Council of the Twelve (with one representative from each colony), and the commanders of their military fleet are all too pleased by the Cylon offer of peace, which ends so many years of warfare. The powerful battlestars are assembled for an armistice conference with humanity's age-old adversary. But it's a deception: the Cylons have no intention of making peace, and Baltar has betrayed humanity for the promise that his colony would be spared from extermination. (A promise that goes unfulfilled) Only Commander Adama (Lorne Greene), of the Battlestar Galactica, suspects that the Cylons are planning a trap, and orders a recon patrol, consisting of two of his best pilots: his eldest son, Captain Apollo (Richard Hatch) and Lieutenant Starbuck (Dirk Benedict). Adama's youngest son, Zac (Rick Springfield), convinces Starbuck to allow him to leave in his place. The patrol discovers a vast Cylon armada hidden behind a moon name Cimtar and ready to attack, but the Cylons jam their transmissions. Cylon raiders pursue the Colonial Vipers, and Zac's fighter is disabled. This forces Apollo to leave him behind, so that the Colonial fleet can be warned. Zac's fighter is destroyed by the Cylons just before he reaches the Colonial fleet. Baltar manipulates President Adar (Lew Ayres) into forbidding the launch of their fighters as the Cylons launch their pre-planned attack on the fleet. Frustrated, Adama orders the Galactica's Viper squadrons be placed on full alert, with their fighters ready to launch. As the Cylons attack, the Galactica is able to launch her fighters first, while the other battlestars are caught off-guard. With President Adar aboard, the Atlantia is destroyed, as are obviously the other battlestars; the Galactica alone survives the Cylon assault. Apollo informs Adama that the Cylons were accompanied by refueling tankers, and Adama realizes that this would allow the raiders to operate far from their basestars, which must be operating somewhere else. He orders the Galactica to withdraw and protect the planet Caprica (Adama's homeworld), but they are too late, as the Cylon armada has launched simultaneous massive assaults on the Colonies at the very same time the attack on the battlestars has commenced. With the Colonies destroyed, Adama collects as many survivors as possible, and orders every intact civilian ship to take whatever survivors they can carry and follow the Galactica. A ragtag fleet is soon formed, and they head away under the protection of the Galactica to seek their fortune among the stars on the legendary thirteenth human colony. It is called Earth, but the location of this lost colony is known only to the last lord of Kobal, the planet which was the original home of mankind, but which was abandoned thousands of years earlier, when the Thirteen Tribes migrated to the stars. After initially escaping the Cylons across a massive starfield called the Nova of Madigon (referred to as such due to its extremely dangerous, hot environment, and Cylon minefield), the Galactica and the fugitive fleet find brief respite on the resort planet Carillon, where they hope to find food and fuel for their journey. As much of the fleet's food supplies were contaminated by pluton bombs during the Cylon attack, the fleet is in desperate straits, and must find a food source or face starvation. Determined that no human in any way shall survive, the Cylon Imperious Leader orders Baltar's execution after his services are done, but he is spared at the last minute in order to help the Cylons hunt down the human fleet. Meanwhile on Carillon, the local inhabitants (an insectoid race) agree to provide the fuel, and even offer to allow the humans to rest and recreate at a fancy casino/resort they maintain. This quickly becomes obvious that there is more to Carillon that meets the eye. The fact that Carillon has more than enough food and fuel for the fleet's needs makes Adama cautious. This is also obviously the largest tylium (fighter fuel) mining facility in that part of the galaxy, as well as a popular gambling resort, but nobody has ever heard of the place. Adama discovers that Baltar was responsible for performing the initial Carillon survey, reported that tylium was too minimal for mining, and he immediately smells a Cylon trap. But in the meantime, Sire-Uri (Ray Millland), Adama's self-serving nemesis on the new Council of the Twelve, uses the opportunity the planet presents for the morale of the fugitives to make his move against Adama, whose strict but selflessly benign intentions hinder his own ambitions. Guided by Uri to believe that the Cylons have been far abandoned, the Council of the Twelve propose that the humans pause to celebrate their escape and dismantle their military and weapons to prove to the Cylons that humans are no longer a threat to them. The Council arranges a banquet, and orders all fighter pilots to attend. Adams suspect that this might be a golden opportunity for the Cylons to launch an attack on their fleet, and orders Colonel Tigh (Terry Carter) to secretly hold back their fighter pilots from attending the party while he is to outfit noncombat personnel with fighter uniforms. Down on Carillon, Apollo and Starbuck gradually discover that something is amiss when they see strangers walking around clad in the uniforms of their squadron, and after some investigation they discover the truth behind the planet's prosperity. The natives of Carillon, the insectoid Ovions, have arranged the gambling resort to lure humans to them to serve a living food for their hatching larvae in their underground chambers. They are also secretly in league with the Cylons and mine the tylium solely for their purposes in exchange for their freedom, and they are cooperating the Cylon's attempts to eradicate the human fugitives. During a subsequent fight with Cylon centurions, the laser fire from both parties sets the tylium mines on fire, threatening to destroy the planet once the fire rages deadly out of control. Adama's clever ruse works, and believing that all fighter pilots are at the banquet, the Cylons launch a raider attack against the Galactica in orbit, but Adama is ready to spring his trap. Once the Cylon raider contingent is fully engaged with the Galactica, Adama recalls all his fighters from the surface of Carillon, taking the enemy by surprise. During the fight, Apollo realizes the Cylon raiders couldn't have come so far without a basestar, and he and Starbuck disengage from the battle and find a Cylon basestar hidden on the far side of Carillon. In defiance of Commander Adama's recall order, they decide to attempt to destroy her, in order to enable the fugitive fleet to elude pursuit, and use fake radio chatter to deceive the basestar into thinking she's under attack by multiple fighter squadrons. The basestar descends into Carillon's atmosphere to avoid detection, and is destroyed when the planet finally erupts into a massive tylium explosion. However, despite their victory, the humans realize their enemies will still be pursuing them, as they leave for Earth, their last hope for survival. 