 Mona Lisa (1986)44) A man recently released from prison manages to get a job driving a call girl from customer to customer. After getting out of prison, George (Bob Hoskins) looks for a job, but his time in prison has reduced his stature in the criminal underworld. The only job he can find is to be a driver for beautiful, high-priced call girl Simone (Cathy Tyson), with whom he forms an at first grudging, and then a real, affection. But Simone's playing a dangerous game, and when George agrees to help her, they both end up in deep trouble with Mortwell (Sir Michael Caine), the local kingpin. Kathy Li After serving seven years in prison, the small-time criminal George is released. He seeks out his daughter, but his ex-wife does not let him talk to her. His friend Thomas meets him and gives back his Jaguar that he kept for him, and explains the new reality when George is impressed with how the neighborhood has changed. George is hired by his former boss Mortwell to work as the driver and bodyguard of high-class call girl Simone. In the beginning George is a misfit for the position, and does not get along with Simone, but gradually he befriends her--and falls in unrequited love with her. Simone looks for someone on the streets of the King's Cross district (London's red-light district in the 1980s) and asks George to help her to find the prostitute Cathy. George is involved with the underworld of prostitution and is chased by the dangerous pimp Anderson. When he finds Cathy, he discovers how Simone is connected to her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil George has just been released from prison, and manages to get a job driving an expensive call girl from customer to customer. Initially they don't get along, and he doesn't fit in with the high class customers Simone services. Will they ever get along? Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 