 Three Men and a Little Lady (1990)321) Three ex-dads quickly discover how empty life is without their little lady, and go to outrageous lengths in their efforts to win their daughter back in this critically acclaimed and equally charming sequel. Five happy years after baby Mary's arrival in 3 Men and a Baby (1987) , the ecstatic single fathers and still-unrepentant bachelors, Peter, Michael, and Jack, find themselves living under the same roof with Mary's British actress mother, Sylvia. However, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when Sylvia decides to move to the United Kingdom, after a promising business proposition combined with a welcome marriage proposal by her director and husband-to-be, Edward. In low spirits, the three fathers travel to bustling London, where one of them discovers that he has deeper feelings for Sylvia and that Edward might have a secret agenda. Will the three men and their little lady let Edward break up their family? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter (Tom Selleck), Michael (Steve Guttenberg) and Jack (Ted Danson) are now dedicated "fathers" to five year old Mary (Robin Weisman). Everything is going along fine until Mary's mother, Sylvia (Nancy Travis), begins thinking she needs more stability in her life and doesn't think any of her roomates are up to the task. Sylvia doesn't know that Peter has fallen in love with her but is hesitant to act since he feels his best friend, and Mary's biological father, Jack should step up and marry her so she accepts a marriage proposal from the director of her play, Edward (Christopher Cazenove). The wedding is to be in England and shortly we learn that Edward plans to move Sylvia and Mary there as well. Faced with the prospect of losing Mary from their lives Michael and Jack convince Peter to finally ask Sylvia to marry him instead of the unlikable, but willing, Edward and the three go to great lengths to break them up. In the end Sylvia realizes that Edward is a scoundrel and that she really likes Peter as well so we get the typical and expected happy ending with Sylvia leaving Edward at the alter to return to New York. 