 Change of Habit (1969)55) As an incognito nun tries to help a doctor clean up an inner-city ghetto, the pair grow closer with time. In an uncommon dramatic role, Elvis plays Dr. John Carpenter, an inner-city doctor working at a free clinic. Mary Tyler Moor plays a nurse and a nun sent by the Catholic Action Committee with two others dressed as nurses to help him. How can they make a difference in this hostile world? John Howard Only a few songs as Elvis plays it straight as Dr. John Carpenter. Mary Tyler Moore stars opposite as an incognito nun with a mission to help Dr. Elvis clean up the ghetto in which he lives and works. Can the King compete against God for Mary's heart? He can if anyone can. Paul Batey <pbatey@laurel.ocs.mq.edu.au> Michelle Gallagher, Irene Hawkins, and Barbara Bennett are three nuns on the verge of taking their final vows. Just before they do, they are sent into a particularly-rough neighborhood to see if they are ready to take that step. However, they must do so by pretending to be lay missionaries sent to work at an inner-city clinic for a young doctor, John Carpenter. The three nuns go about their duties without a hitch until Michelle begins to fall for John. Now Michelle must choose between her love for the young doctor or her life as a nun. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Michelle Gallagher, Irene Hawkins, and Barbara Bennett are three nuns who are volunteer nurses sent into a poor, racially-mixed neighborhood. In order to "fit in" they arrive sans habits. The clinic is run by a young doctor, John Carpenter. Each of the three women is confronted with a different personal issue of a secular nature. How will their change of habit affect each one's solution--and will their change of habit be permanent? Supporting characters include the old parish pastor, the local moneylender, an autistic child, and a couple of neighborhood snoops. BJ Crites (poetrymischief@yahoo.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 