 The Decline of the American Empire (1986)44) Sexual revelations emerge when a group of academics and their partners spend a weekend at a country retreat. A group of academics at the University of Montreal--most long time friends--plan to gather at the lakeside recreational home of Rmy and Louise, who have been together for 20 years, married for 15 of them, for dinner. Louise knows Rmy cheats on her, but believes he only does so when she is not around, which she accepts. Their recreational home is adjacent to many of the recreational homes of the others, who are: divorced Pierre and his much younger current girlfriend Danielle who is a student at the university; divorced mother Diane; independent-minded Dominque; single homosexual Claude; and graduate student Alain; While the four men prepare the dinner, the four women are working out together in the gym. The common factor between the two groups is the topic of conversation: sex, especially as it relates to themselves. But underlying each of the conversations is their own academic and intellectual backgrounds, which shapes the nature of the discussions. When the two groups finally converge for dinner, a ninth person is added peripherally, brusque working-class Mario, Diane's current sexual partner. This relationship is a first for Diane in that not only their sexual encounters but the way they interact with each other in general is predicated on S and M, dictated largely by Diane, the submissive. What happens with the group as dinner goes into evening and evening goes into morning is further shaped by them listening to a prerecorded interview Dominique did for CBC Radio earlier in the day to promote her new book, which discusses how the quest for individual happiness in modern western society is leading to the decline of the society in general. Huggo Four very different Montreal university teachers gather at a rambling country house to prepare a dinner. Remy (married), Claude (a homosexual), Pierre (involved with a girlfriend) and Alain (a bachelor) discuss sex, the female body, and their affairs. Meanwhile, their four female guests, Louise (Remy's wife of 15 years), Dominique (a spinster), Diane (a divorce) and Danielle (Pierre's girlfriend) are at a downtown health gym. They also discuss sex, the female body and, naturally, men. Later in the evening, they finally meet at the country house and have dinner. The discussion? Well, you can guess it - However, a ninth guest, Mario, who used to know Diane, drops in on the group for some talk and has his own surprise. Mattias Thuresson Four men and four women, all coming from the academic world, discuss their professional and sexual lives during dinner at the vacation retreat of couple Remy and Louise, revealing themselves and their society as the evening goes by; an unexpected arrival stirs things up more. Jean-Marie Berthiaume <jiembe@videotron.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 