 Cra Cuervos (1976)44) In the twilight of Francisco Franco 's dictatorship, an eight-year-old orphan and her two sisters find shelter in the house of their stern aunt, trying their best to acclimatise to a new reality. Will they summon up the courage to grow up? In Madrid, the orphan sisters Irene, Ana and Maite are raised by their austere aunt Paulina together with their mute and crippled grandmother after the death of their mother and their military father Anselmo. Ana is a melancholic girl, fascinated by death, after seeing her mother having a painful death and her father dead in bed. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After the death of their parents three young girls - Irene, Ana and Maite - are raised by their stern aunt Paulina and invalid grandmother. Their new world is seen through the eyes of Ana who having witnessed their mother's death, is the most affected by the loss of their parents. She becomes fascinated by all things morbid and deadly. Flashbacks and flash-forwards round out little Ana's world where she often speaks to her dead mother. garykmcd In the twilight of Francisco Franco 's dictatorship, the eight-year-old orphan, Ana, is convinced that she is responsible for the death of her father: an uninvolved and disloyal military officer. After their mother's untimely death, Ana and her sisters, Irene and Maite, will be looked after by their Aunt Paulina, trying their best to acclimatize to the new reality, against the backdrop of a caged childhood. Now, through a series of dream-like sequences, Ana seeks solace by mixing memories with fantasy in her dimly-lit room, as, more and more, she develops a morbid relationship with what seems to be a ghost. In Ana's eyes, this is her desperate attempt to overcome life's constant impediments. Will she summon up the courage to grow up? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 