 Kaala Patthar (1979)541) Inspired by a true mining tragedy the film is about people from all walks of life showing courage and character to fight the forces of nature. Captain Vijay Pal Singh is branded a coward, disgraced, humiliated by society and disowned by his parents for abandoning his ship risking the lives of over 300 passengers. With guilt on his mind and low self-esteem Vijay takes up work as a miner in a coal mine owned by Dhanraj Puri. Puri is a self-senile man who thinks about himself, by endangering the lives of his workers to profit himself and with no benefits or medical facilities for them. Vijay attempts to get rid of his cowardice by saving the lives of his co-workers by the contended wrath of Puri. The same happens when water forces its way into one of the mining tunnel endangering the lives of hundreds of workers; this time Vijay hopes to make it big so that he can be able to put together his life again. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Capatin Vijay is terminated from services of Navy by terming as coward for years Vijay stays far away from everyone is living in a small village where he along with the villagers work in a dangerous coal mine.Dhanraj Puri owns the coal mines but only sees his profit in it and many of his workers die due to lack of medical facilities.Ravi Malhotra a young Engineer takes charge of the mines and find working in it is very dangerous as anytime water can enter the mines which could lead to many deaths but Puri doesn't pay attention to it.Mangal a jail convict escapes from jail and starts to work mines and having a tiff with Vijay.But tragedy strikes one day when the mine gets filled with water where Vijay ,Ravi and Mangal don't care about their lives try to save the other workers. alex.mjacko@gmail.com When disaster strikes - three men stand up to fight for justice for the coal miners who risk their lives as part and parcel of their existence. Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) a disgraced ex-naval officer has been court-martialed and dismissed from the Navy. Vijay is now working at the coal mine. He welcomes every sign of danger and adversity in an attempt to combat the demons within and pay for an act of cowardliness as the captain of a sinking ship. Ravi (Shashi Kapoor) is an engineer in charge of the doomed project. He tries to alert the management on the impending disaster but in vain. Ravi and Vijay join forces in order to save lives of their fellow workers and fight the establishment. Mangal (Shatrughan Sinha) is an escaped convict who finds shelter from the hands of the law at the coal mine. A boisterous and an egoistic man, who finds that there is a compassionate human being buried within him and ends up joining the quest for justice. KAALA PATTHAR is Inspired by a true mining tragedy in Bihar which claimed hundreds of lives - and a film about how different people from different walks of life and backgrounds come together and show true courage and character to fight the forces of nature in what is a loosing battle. Official Source Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Imagine a place so dark that sunlight or hope never touched it. Imagine a place so dark that even dreams are swallowed by its terrible darkness. Imagine a mining town, where the mines are as black and deep and exploited as the lives of the miners who go down it, forced to dig deeper and deeper by the wealthy, greedy owners who care for nothing but profit. So deep in fact that with each passing day, the bowels of the earth threaten to close over their heads in angers, so deep that every trip down the mines is a desperate gamble of life and death. But as the saying goes, where there's life, there's hope, even lives as grindingly grim as that of the miners . And hope comes to town as three men. Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) an ex-naval officer who is court-martialed and dismissed from the navy for his role in as captain of a ship that sank and many lives were lost. Vijay is looking for a place so dark that even the hideous demons inside him that taunt him so terribly will get scared and go away. He finds that darkness in the depths of the coal mines where he now works as a coal miner, where he welcomes every danger, every threatening rumble of disaster as a chance to pay for his past Ravi (Shashi Kapoor), the engineer in-charge of these doomed mines. Doomed because the greed and mindless exploitation by its owners have made the mines into potential death traps. Ravi, seeing the terrible danger looming ahead, tries to alert the management but with little use. He is paid for his alertness by being fired from his job which is when he joins forces with the workers and Vijay in order to save the lives of the minors and fight the establishment. Mangal (Shatrughan Sinha), an escaped convict who is also looking for a place to hide, but unlike Vijay, not from himself but from the eyes of the law. And discovers that under his boisterous and egoistic exterior is a compassionate human being for whom the law of justice is more important than the law of the jungle. He ends up joining Ravi and Vijay in their fight for right. As these three men set off on their crusade, each of them also find love. From the trusting, simple miners and their families who see these men as messiahs and from three women. Sudha (Raakhee), a doctor who is as kind and caring as she is beautiful and sees Vijay's bleeding, repenting heart behind his stone-hard exterior, Anita (Parveen Babi) a reporter who falls in love with Ravi's fearless, clear-eyed belief in justice and in himself and Shanno (Neetu Singh), a gypsy whose sparkling eyes and racy sales pitch snares even the hardened heart of Mangal. Kaala Patthar, inspired by a real-life mining disaster, is an intensely dramatic film about the human heart. That as long as it beats with love and with hope, there will always be a dawn waiting at end of the blackest of nights. With a multi-star cast, a lively musical score and a nail-biting climax, Yash Chopra has made Kaala Patthar a memorable exception to the exquisitely soft, glamorous love stories that have become his hallmark 