 The Collector (1967)66) A womanizing art dealer and a painter find the serenity of their Riviera vacation disturbed by a third guest, a vivacious bohemian woman known for her long list of male conquests. Adrien travels to a villa on the Riviera. He is on vacation and plans to relax. He shares the villa with a friend, Daniel, and a female stranger, Hayde. Hayde has many lovers, and both Adrien and Daniel despise her at first, but Adrien soon becomes more and more intrigued and infatuated. Yepok The arrogant and pretentious intellectual art dealer Adrien invites his girlfriend to travel with him to the coast to spend one-month vacation with his close friend and painter Daniel in the house of their Randolphe. Adrien expects to do nothing but read and rest in the house, and meet a possible investor in an art gallery that he dreams on having; however, she prefers to travel to London. When he arrives, he discovers that the sexy and promiscuous pleasure-seeking Hayde, who had a one-night stand with Randolphe, is sharing the house with Daniel. Among the days, Adrien becomes obsessed in a sick game of humiliating Hayde and imaging that she is trying to seduce him; however, his lust for her increases but his moral rationalization of their possible relationship keeps them apart. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Overlooking the sun-kissed Saint-Tropez on the French Riviera, a hospitable and picturesque villa becomes the perfect retreat for two friends and refined aesthetes, the handsome antiques dealer, Adrien, and the aspiring artist, Daniel. However, their quiet and idle summer holiday by the beach is abruptly spoiled by the unexpected arrival of the fresh, sun-burnt, unreflective and rather simple but sweet nymphet, Hayde, whose inherent inclination to promiscuity will soon lead Adrien and Daniel into teaching their unsophisticated companion a thing or two about morality. But, how easily and for how long can they ignore young Hayde's gravely sinful distractions? Nick Riganas Left to his own devices when his fiance goes to London, Adrien decides to spend his vacation experimenting with monastic life in the peace and quiet of a large house. However, the villa already has two occupants: his friend Daniel, an artist, and Hayde, a woman he does not know. Hayde collects lovers and comes home at all hours of the night, disturbing Adrien in his ascetic pursuits. He pushes her into his friend's arms, but Daniel soon moves on. Adrien's will then begins to weaken and he is on the verge of giving in to Hayde's charms. Happy_Evil_Dude Imbued with the louche and aimless glamour of distracted youth in St. Tropez, Rohmer's first film in color also took his now-legendary '60s series of Moral Tales into darker territory. Stunningly photographed by Nstor Almendros, this is an art house classic about the lengths one will go for lust. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 