 Aparajito (1956)44) Following his father's death, a boy leaves home to study in Calcutta, while his mother must face a life alone. After living awhile in Benares, 10 year old Apu and his mother move in with her uncle in a small Bengali village. Apu enters a local school, where he does well. By the time he graduates, he has a scholarship to study at a college in Calcutta. So off he goes. His mother is torn by his leaving, and by his growing independence. She loves her son very much and wants him to succeed, but she does not want to be left alone. John Oswalt <jao@jao.com> In 1920, in Benares, the ten-year old boy Apu lives happily with his mother and his father. When his father dies, Apu and his mother move to a village with her uncle. Soon Apu asks his mother to study in the local school where he becomes a distinguished student. When Apu is a teenager, the headmaster offers a scholarship to him to study in Calcutta and her mother gives her savings to him to support his new life. Apu works at a printing press at night to support himself in Calcutta while his mother misses him. But soon he neglects his mother and the college. When he learns that his mother is sick, he returns to the village where she is to visit her, but it may be too late. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Leaving forever behind their gloomy, memory-laden home in the bamboo forest, a devastated Harihar, and his equally broken wife, Sarbojaya, move to the bustling holy city of early-1920s Benares, along with their silent son, Apu, after the life-altering events of Pather Panchali (1955) . But, there, too, against the backdrop of unfulfilled dreams, and the steep ghats on the banks of the sacred Ganges River, a challenging, hand-to-mouth existence awaits the Ray family, burdening sad-eyed Sarbojaya with even more worries. Perhaps, the family can now wipe the slate clean and bury the past in the remote Bengal village of Mansapota; however, Apu nurtures aspirations beyond life as the community's priest, and after winning a scholarship to study at a prestigious university, he catches the train to Kolkata. But, goodbyes are never easy. Will Apu prove his worth, and spread his wings in the big, lively city of dreams? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 