 Unsolved Mysteries (19872010)44) Combines dramatic re-enactments, interviews and updates, to tell stories of real mysteries, from human to the supernatural. Host Robert Stack presides over an investigation into unsolved mysteries ranging from murders to UFO sightings. Through reenactments and interviews, viewers are presented with the known facts of each case. Anyone with additional information is then urged to contact the show's producers via a toll-free telephone number. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Hosted by Robert Stack , the show documents a handful of unsolved cases in each episode. These are true stories of unsolved crimes, missing persons, unexplained phenomena, wanted fugitives and unresolved investigations "relevant at the time of the original air dates". A compelling mystery is outlined by the host with supporting accounts from law enforcement, witnesses and family members surrounding the event in question. The audience is asked to call a tip line with any information that may help shed new light on these open-ended cases. Later episodes often include a brief update to a prior mystery. Updates typically include details leading up to the resolution of a previous "unsolved mystery." Occasionally, an update is broadcast with additional facts acquired since original air date. First broadcast in January of 1987, Unsolved Mysteries is one of the longest running programs in television and the inspiration for dozens of imitators. It is also one of the first television shows with an audience interactive call-to-action requesting viewer tips to help solve actual cases. Each episode consists of five segments profiling real-life mysteries and an update of a case which has been solved, thanks to a viewer tip. The segments are drawn from a variety of several different categories: Murder, Missing Persons, Wanted Fugitives, UFOs, Ghosts, The Unexplained (Paranormal), Missing Heirs, Amnesia, Fraud, among others. Viewers are urged to contact the series website, unsolved.com, if they have information that might help to solve a case. UM staff will forward the information to the appropriate authorities or law enforcement. John Cosgrove It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 