 The Brady Bunch (19691974)55) The misadventures of a large family united when a widower and a widow marry. The marriage of architect Mike Brady and homemaker Carol Martin ne Tyler will be the second for both. They have the issue of blending their two already large families, Mike who has three children and Carol who has three children. One additional issue is that the Brady household was testosterone laden with Mike's children being three boys - Greg, Peter and Bobby - and the Martin household was estrogen laden with Carol's children being three girls - Marcia, Jan and Cindy. The six children not only have their usual issues in growing from children to teenagers, and in this situation in getting used to a new parent and new siblings, but also interacting with new siblings whose mentality generally reflects their specific gender, which more often than not is totally foreign to them. Mike and Carol also have the new roles of parent to daughters and sons respectively. Add to the mix the girls' cat Fluffy, the boys' dog Tiger, and Mike's longtime housekeeper Alice, and the collective new Brady bunch has the potential to get into one misadventure after another. Huggo When a Carol Ann Martin marries a man named Michael Brady their families unite with 6 kids, (3 Boys and 3 girls), a dog and their housekeeper, Alice Nelson go on adventures with their families and learn from their mistakes, and of course, Sibling Rivalry! Architect Mike Brady marries beautiful young Carol, who has three girls to care for. Likewise, Mike's previous wife's death has left him to raise his three boys all alone. In no time this amalgam becomes the ideal average American middle class family. Of course, raising such a large family isn't easy, so live-in housekeeper Alice Nelson is always there to lend a hand. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> "The Brady Bunch" is a classic situation comedy that has become a cornerstone of popular culture. Mike Brady, a widowed architect with three boys (ranging in age from 7 to 13) marries Carol Martin, a single young mother with three young girls (ages 6 through 12); the reason for her being single was never explained. The couple and their formerly-separate families become one close-knit, united family. The family shared a four-bedroom house in an unnamed suburb of Los Angeles, of which Mike designed. Other members of the Brady family was Mike's housekeeper, Alice Nelson, who now served as the family's housekeeper; and Tiger, the boys' beloved pooch. On occassion, Alice's boyfriend, Sam Franklin, a local meat butcher, was seen. Stories revolved around family unity and sibling rivalry, dating, misunderstandings, family vacations (including those to Grand Canyon and Hawaii) and growing up. On occassion, remarks relevant to the "real world" were covertly thrown in, but never truly impacted the innocent, carefree charm of the series. The stories changed as the children grew into teen-agers (by the final season, the children ranged in age from 12 to 18); in 1974, Carol's young nephew, Oliver, became a guest at the Brady home. Brian Rathjen <briguy_52732@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 