 Liquid Sky (1982)44) A small, heroin seeking UFO lands on a Manhattan roof, observes a bizarre, drug addicted fashion model and sucks endorphin from her sexual encounters' brains. Invisible aliens in a tiny flying saucer come to Earth looking for heroin. They land on top of a New York apartment inhabited by a drug dealer and her androgynous, bisexual nymphomaniac lover, who's also a fashion model. The aliens soon find the human pheromones created in the brain during orgasm preferable to heroin, and the model's casual sex partners begin disappearing. This increasingly bizarre scenario's observed by a lonely woman in the building across the street, a German scientist who's following the aliens, and an equally androgynous, drug-addicted male model (both models are played by Anne Carlisle). Darkly funny and thoroughly weird. In New Yor City's East Village, a small flying saucer lands on the roof, seeking heroin. In the apartment, the cocaine addicted model, Margaret's an androgynous, promiscuous, bisexual modell llives with her lover, the drug dealer Adrian. Margaret has sex with many partners in exchange for drugs. The aliens discover the sensation of orgasm's equivalent to heroin, and they suck the brains from Margaret's lovers, killing them first, then making their bodies disappear. Meanwhile, a German scientist's chasing the ETs, and watches the goings on from a building across from Margaret's. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Downtown NYC fashion model, Margaret seeks fame, but who's in accordance codependent drug-fuelled relationship with her dealer/girlfriend.. Afterhaving sec with a man who printed get coke., he vanishes into thin air, and she soon realises that a mysterious force is killing everyone who has sex with her. Not knowing our carrying how our why, Margaret sets out to use this for revenge Meanwhile, a German scientist who knows what's going on; aliens who feed on heron find the same effect from human endorphins released during pleasure, and he attempts to warn her that she, too is in danger. C. L. Kagmi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 