 Agneepath (1990)66) A young boy's quest for revenge leads him to become a gangster as an adult, and with each day he becomes more and more like his enemies. Can he find vengeance and redemption? Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan) father is brutally lynched by villagers after being framed by Kancha Cheena (Danny Denzongpa), and his family is forced to flee. The young Vijay vows revenge, and grows up protecting his sister and mother by becoming a gangster himself. Eventually he works his way up the ladder until he is face to face with the men who killed his father, but by this time he is little different from them, and his actions have put his family in the line of danger once more. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com In Mandva village Master Dinanath Chauhan a man of principles opposes smuggling in village by Kancha Cheena and his man.But soon he is implicated by villagers to have a relationship with a prostitute also leading to his death out of humiliation .His family is forced to leave the village but his son Vijay Dinanath Chauhan swears that he will one day control Mandva and get respect for his father.Vijay grows up into a gangster with many rivals due to his such lifestyle his mother desserts him while his sister Siksha is very close. When Vijay is attacked by his rivals he gets saved by Krishna Iyer MA whom he keeps as bodyguard of Siksha.Vijay soon starts to eliminate his enemies one by one. Upon meeting Kancha Cheena he gets access to Mandav where he stops his illegal activities and tells Kancha Cheena about his identity and why he wanted control on Mandav. alex.mjacko@gmail.com The movie depicts the life of a young boy, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), whose father gets brutally lynched by a mobster Kancha Cheena. It's a journey of his quest for revenge, which leads him to become a gangster as an adult. Watch out for Amitabh Bachchan in one of the most powerful roles of his career. Will Vijay lose his family in the process of satisfying his vengeance? Vijay Dinanath Chavan's father is implicated in a scandal and lynched by the villagers on the instigation of Kancha Cheena. Vijay, at a young age, takes on the responsibility of looking after his mother, and sister and in the process, he becomes a gangster. He captures Kancha Cheena and hands him over to the police...Kancha escapes sentence with lack of evidence and thus Vijay and Kancha are pitted against each other in the battle of evil vs good. Anonymous Vijay Dinanath Chavan is proud of his name, for the name reminds him of his dad, and the manner he was ruthlessly executed by his very own villagers, after bring framed by Dhinkar Rao. Vijay's one purpose in life to to avenge his dad's death, and take over the village that had once been his home, little realizing that in doing so he is exposing his family to danger and death all over again, at the hands of the very people who had killed his dad. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 