 The Goonies (1985)66) A group of young misfits called The Goonies discover an ancient map and set out on an adventure to find a legendary pirate's long-lost treasure. Mikey and his friends have always wanted to go on an adventure. One night they are all in Mikey's attic and Mikey stumbles across an old map. Mikey has always wanted to know if One-eyed Willy ever was a real person and now he might. They set off and later realize that they have to go through the evil Mama Fratelli's restaurant to get to a secret passage to the caves. As they try to get into the caves Mama Fratelli catches Chunk and he is left behind. He then meets Sloth one of Mama Fratelli's sons with a messed up face. He befriends Sloth. Meanwhile Mama Fratelli and her sons are trying to get to the treasure too. Will the kids make it there before Mama Fratelli does? Will Chuck ever get out of her basement? Black Wolf Sadly, to make way for a new golf course, the entire community of the peaceful coastal town of Goon Docks in Oregon faces imminent foreclosure. However, when a band of local childhood friends, who call themselves the "Goonies", stumble upon an old treasure map riddled with hints and clues leading to the fabled loot the notorious pirate, "One-Eyed" Willy, the opportunity to save their homes emerges. Now, as the criminal Fratelli family is hot on their trail, a frenzied race against time begins; one that leads the Goonies to an underground maze of ingeniously dangerous booby traps, all designed by Willy himself to protect his fortune. Can the dauntless Goonies prove their mettle? Above all, is the treasure real? Nick Riganas The criminal Jake escapes from the jail with the support of his brother Francis and his mother Mama Fratelli. Meanwhile a group of boys called The Goonies that will be evicted from their homes in Goon Docks since their parents were not capable to pay the mortgage of their houses meet each other in the house of the brothers Mikey Walsh and Brand to celebrate the last day together. When they go to the attic, Mikey finds the map of the treasure of the pirate One Eyed Willis's and he shows to his friends Data, Chunk and Mouth. They decide to seek out the treasure to save their homes but they find that the location is the hideout of the Fratelli family. Soon they team up with their friends Andy and Stef but they are hunted down by the Fratelli family that wants the treasure for themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A ruthless crime family calling themselves the "Fratellis" have somehow escaped from jail and are now hiding in a town of Astoria, Oregon. Home of a secret kid society known as "The Goonies", their leader is Michael "Mikey" Walsh, and they are enjoying their last weekend together as a system of contractors have bought their neighborhood and are considering on transforming it into a golf course. However Mikey, stumbles upon a mysterious map to a treasure of a famed pirate "One-Eyed" Willie. So, The Goonies embark on an adventure to find the treasure and save their neighborhood. However, they also came across the Fratellis. So, The Goonies have to stay one step head of the Fratellis and find the treasure while avoiding a system of traps. John Wiggins The Goonies are a group of friends living in a village, the groups leader Mikey Walsh, his older brother Brand and gang members Andy, Data, Stef, Mouth, and Chunk are being evicted from their homes which are to be demolished. Setting out to find a way of saving their homes, The Goonies find a treasure map and they set off in search for the treasure of the legendary pirate One-Eyed Willy which is located beneath a abandoned restaurant. Joined by a deformed gentle giant named Sloth, The Goonies embark on a great adventure through a underground maze filled with traps and skeletons, where they are pursued by Sloth's mother, thief Momma Fratelli and his brothers Jake and Francis who are also after One-Eyed Willy's treasure and they willing to get the treasure first. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 