 Ne boysya, ya s toboy (1981 TV Movie)Summaries The story developed during XX century in Russian empire, Azerbaijan. Two circus actors Rustam and his friend San Sanich travel to a village where Rustam was born after long years of absence, to burry his aunt. After burring his aunt, friends decide to stay in her house for couple of days. A local wealthy inhabitant of the village Farzali bek, is looking for oil, and finds out that the land which now officially owned by Rustam might have some oil repositories. He learns that Rustam is back and wants to take him out, to put his hands on valuable land. A young theater singer Tejmur is in love with Farzali bek's beautiful daughter, Telli, but has nothing to offer to marry her. Yet he decides to speak with her father. While planning to "sell" his daughter to one of other wealthy bek's son, Farzali bek still promises that if Tejmur will kill Rustam, he will let Telli marry him. Rustam and his friend San Sanich defend Tejmur, but after talking to him become friends. They decide to help Tejmur to steal Telli during her wedding. All three of them succeed to steal Telli, but San Sanich is jailed in the result. Other three are able to run away and hide for some time. Farzali bek pays a well known bandit Jafar to kill three friends and haunt back Telli. Eventually, Rustam, Telli and Tejmur are trapped in a tower and under a risk of being burned down alive. Jafar is partial to Tejmur's beautiful voice and therefore, asks him to sing one last time. Meanwhile, San Sanich is escaped from jail, and helps his friends to defend Jafar. hafiz The beginning of the XX century. Russian Empire, Azerbaijan. The heroes of the film, circus performers Rustam and San Sanych, come to Rustam's homeland. Involved, against their will, in the love story of the singer Teymur and the daughter of Farzali-bek Telli, they help them deceive the girl's greedy father . Bazza the Beast It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 