 Treasure Island Part II: Captain Flint's Treasure (1989)55) Cartoon adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's most famous adventure novel. An unusual guest comes to the tavern "Admiral Benbow". Scars on his face betrayed him as a former pirate, who had to endure many storms and drunken fights. This is Billy Bons, a sailor who used to be in Captain Flint's team. He was very scared and always drank a lot of rum. He promised to pay Jim Hawkins - a boy working in a tavern, three pence in silver, but every month, if he suddenly noticed near the inn, " - a sailor on one leg ...". Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) In this film, the animated scenes are interspersed with musical numbers and game scenes shot with the participation of actors and illustrating the events of the animation film or relating to certain problems related to the way pirates live: for example, greed, smoking or alcoholism. At the same time, the manner of filming of musical numbers and game episodes differs in different episodes: somewhere the image is colored, somewhere - black and white. One game scene mimics a silent film using intertitles, and in some episodes live footage is combined with animation. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) Adventure animated film, which is based on the famous novel of the same name by the writer R. L. Stevenson. This is the modern version of the most interesting old story about the zealous search for the island, which hid the legendary treasures of the famous captain of the pirates - Flint. In the most dangerous adventure are involved a glorious boy named Jimmy Hawkins, the brave and intelligent captain Smollett, the timid squire Trelawney, charming Dr. Livesey and treacherous pirates. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) The schooner "Hispaniola" is sailing in search of an island on which the legendary treasures of the pirate captain Flint are hidden. A conspiracy is brewing on the ship. The robbers, led by the one-legged John Silver, seem to be close to the target. Freddy_R (freddyrichok@gmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 