 Riff-Raff (1991)321) The story of Stevie, a construction worker, and his girlfriend, an unemployed pop singer, serves to show the living conditions of the British poor class. The story of Stevie, a construction worker, and his girlfriend, an unemployed pop singer, serves to show the living conditions of the British poor class Michel Rudoy <mdrc@hp9000a1.uam.mx> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Patrick 'Stevie' Logan (Robert Carlyle) is a Scottish-born "squatter" (homeless man) who is sleeping on the rough streets in London, England. He seeks employment on a building site which is an abandoned housing estate being converted into a hospital. Stevie gets the job along with around a dozen other "riff-raff" (low-income, working class) men in Tottenham. Learning that he is homeless, Stevie's new workmates Larry (Ricky Tomlinson), Mo (George Moss) and Shem (Jimmy Coleman) volunteer to find him an empty flat to squat in Twyford House, a nearby housing estate in South Tottenham. One day, Stevie meets a struggling brunette Irish actress and singer named Susan (Emer McCourt) when he finds and returns a handbag belonging to her. At first wary about meeting Stevie when he shows up at her rundown house at Spensley Walk, Stoke Newington, Susan eventually warms to him by inviting him in her house for tea. This chance encounter leads to a turbulent relationship. Stevie rounds up some of the men from the building site to support Susan at one of her pub gigs where she sings "Always On My Mind". The drunken audience is initially hostile over her sub-par singing voice, but Larry shames them into calling Susan back for an encore and she sings "With A Little Help From My Friends", which is much better received. When she gets evicted from her house over repeated late rent payments, Susan agrees to move into Stevie's flat, where they are happy for a time. On the building site, life continues as a series of small escapades and petty misdemeanors. Larry is vocal in his left-wing political views and opposition to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and the ruling Conservative party. No one shares his view that politics is important to their real-life situation. Meanwhile, the management sack men for minor misbehavior and are only superficially interested in safety. One eccentric worker, named Smurph, is sacked for playing cards with his workmates while on the job. Stevie and Susan's relationship becomes strained. Susan tends towards negative emotions associated with her lack of career success. Stevie, on the other hand, can be callous and unsympathetic to both his and her plight. After hearing his name on radio, Stevie finds out that his mother has died, so leaves to attend her funeral in Scotland. In his absence, Susan starts using heroin dealt by youths on the estate. This precipitates the end of their relationship and Susan's sudden departure from London itself for places unknown. A day or two later, Larry is sacked from the site after requesting safer working conditions. After jokingly making an expensive phone call on the boss' Gus Siddon's mobile phone, Shem also gets the sack (and is arrested for the assault that follows). Desmonde (Derek Young), a young construction worker, falls off the roof of the converted hospital and despite Stevie and Mo's efforts to save him he loses grip and falls to the ground and is severely injured. The cause of the accident is unsafe scaffolding, which the men have already warned about. This incident marks the last straw for Stevie and he decides to get back at management. In the final scene, Stevie and Mo return to the building site in the middle of the night and set a huge fire in the building and watch as it burns to the ground. 