 Story of Ricky (1991)66) Riki-Oh, a young man who has superhuman strength, is incarcerated at a private prison, where inmates are treated like slaves, and is forced to use his unstoppable form of martial arts to destroy the corrupt officials and their lackeys. The story is set in the year of 2001 in a prison owned by a major company. A new prisoner sees his friends being harassed and killed by the guards and seeks his revenge. Martin Blom <Martin.Blom@hks.se> In 2001 AD, all government institutions, including prisons, have become privatized. A young martial artist with a unique power named Ricky Ho is sent to serve ten years in prison for manslaughter and assault. Each prison block is led by the ruthless Gang of Four which are backed by the corrupt Assistant Warden, who becomes hellbent on killing Ricky. NashKillmaster With the privatization of all correctional facilities by the year 2001 AD, prisons have become faceless commercial enterprises, interested only in profit. Under those circumstances, an unfortunate young convict sentenced to 10 years in prison for manslaughter, Riki-Oh Saiga, enters the prison's gates unaware that the place is governed by the vicious monocular Warden Dan and his pitiless lackeys, the dreadful Gang of Four. However, there is far more to Riki-Oh than meets the eye, as he is a devastating weapon of martial arts who defies corruption, thirsting to make all those who wronged him pay the price. And they will. Nick Riganas In the year 2001 prisons are run like businesses. A new prisoner finds that the prison system is corrupt. When an old man is framed and murdered he strikes back. When prisoners are tortured for breaking rules he reaks unparalled havoc on the entire system. Doug Galecawitz Hard man Ricky is incarcerated in a futuristic prison where ultra-violence is his only means of survival in the corrupt, sadistic system. He must battle his way quite literally 'through' the feared 'gang of four', and undergo multiple tortures before facing the governor in one of the goriest climaxes ever seen. Tom Walker It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 