 International Khiladi (1999)44) Devraj, a gangster and Payal, a reporter fell in love. Amit, loves Payal and a lot of trouble follows in their lives. Worldwide crime bosses elect Devraj as the new chairman of their organization. This news gets to the police so much that when Inspector, Amit's childhood friend, Ravi is found dead and his sister, Payal is kidnapped the suspension goes towards Devraj. Searches conducted by the police at Devraj's locations meet with considerable progress when they manages to rescue Payal albeit in a critical state as well as arrest Devraj in the process. Devraj is placed before the court of law where-by he is sentenced to death as Payal testify against him. It was also found out that Payal and Devraj was once in love with each other while she happen to get an interview from him during her employment as a television reporter. Situation twists when a hospital patient who happen to be the uncle of Devraj convinces him as well as the law that he had been framed for someone else crime thus Devraj is acquitted and must now begin a quest to find out who framed him and why. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) The leading gangsters of the world have chosen a new boss, Devraj, who is fronting a big company. Reporter Payal and Johnny are trying to get an interview with Devraj, but that fails, but soon Payal and Devraj fall in love. Payal's brother, who has saved Devraj from assassination by Glushan's henchmen is a police informer, working for his friend Inspector Amit, who's also in love with Payal. Amit tells Payal, that Devraj is a gangster, but she doesn't care. Ravi gets killed, and Amit, with the help of beaten up Payal is able to convict Devraj of the murder, who is sentenced to death. But a wounded gangster tells a different story, and Devraj is set free. Outraged about Payal's betrayal he seeks revenge, but her story gives the whole affair a completely different touch, but the puzzle still doesn't fit completely, and soon Payal and Devraj are in bigger trouble than before when they find out who really killed her brother... Stephan Eichenberg <eichenbe@fak-cbg.tu-muenchen.de> News Reporter Payal (Twinkle Khanna) and her camera-man have been assigned the task of interviewing the world's highest ranking criminal don, Devraj (Akshaye Kumar), which they accept. In the process, Payal and Devraj fall in love with each other, much to the opposition of Bismillah (Mukesh Khanna), Devraj's guardian on one hand; and Police Inspector Amit (Rajat Bedi), and Payal's brother Ravi (Vivek Shaq) on the other. What results is that Ravi gets killed; Devraj gets the blame, is arrested, Payal tesitifies against him, and is sentenced to be hanged. But Devraj escapes from custody, and begins to plot vengeance against his enemies, including Payal, as well as the real killer of Ravi. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 