 Another 9 Weeks (1997)321) John heads to Paris hoping to meet his ex from Nine 1/2 Weeks (1986) , but instead ends up with her former friend, Lea. When John travels to Paris to attend an art sale hosted by his old flame, he begins a torrid affair with a gorgeous woman (Angie Everhart) who used to be her best friend. As the erotic tension between them builds, John finds himself drawn into a dangerous new obsession. Lionsgate Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ten years after Elizabeth left him, John Gray (Mickey Rourke) has descended into a world of depression and loneliness, and is suicidal. When he receives an invitation to attend an art exhibit in Paris that will feature some of Elizabeth's paintings, he immediately boards a plane for France, hoping to get to talk to her. After outbidding everyone else at an art auction for a bunch of paintings owned by Elizabeth, he meets a mysterious, beautiful fashion designer named Lea Calot (Angie Everhart) and her assistant, Claire (Agathe de la Fontaine). Lea was Elizabeth's best friend in Paris. Lea was wearing exactly the same shawl John had given Elizabeth years ago. At Lea's studio, John pesters her with questions about their mutual friend. Lea, flirting openly with John, is not forthcoming. John suspects there is something Lea is not telling him. It becomes apparent that Elizabeth told her intimate details of their relationship After several short encounters, she finally claims that Elizabeth has married and moved to Tangiers. Their next meeting is at La Conciergerie, an ancient prison on the Ile de la Cite; when John arrives, Lea is lounging against the wall with shackles on her arms. She removes the chains and begins passionately embracing John, but when he returns the warmth, she starts yelling "rape," making it clear that she is intent on tormenting her new acquaintance. John continues to follow Lea and Claire around Paris, getting into fights in a local disco, having his pocket picked at an Arab gambling den and, finally, having rough sex with Lea in the middle of the night on a dingy street corner. John also becomes close to Lea's beautiful assistant, Claire, who is in an abusive relationship with her boyfriend, Charlie. (Dougtay Scott). They share a day seeing the Parisian sights. After a spectacular fashion show and a party highlighted by the spectacle of a dominatrix pouring hot wax on a nearly naked young woman tied to a spinning wheel and just before Lea and John engage in a threesome with another female, Lea's dour business partner, Vittorio DaSilva (Steven Berkoff) turns up to break the news to John that Elizabeth is actually dead. The next day, Lea takes John to the places where Elizabeth had spent her last days, a drug dealers area where Lea is mugged for her jewels until John produces a gun. John decides he does not want to be alone. He and Lea escape to a country estate. , Lea and John begin to make out with a little more passion. The love making involves pouring red wine and honey over Lea's flower-covered nude body. In spite of further torrid encounters, John makes it clear this will be yet another doomed relationship. They return to Paris Meaning back in Paris, Claire has resolved to return to her simple life. Vittorio stops by to complain about Lea's attention to John. Charlies, Claire's boyfriend arrives and is jealous that Vittorio is there and beat her. Claire takes refuge in John's hotel room where John comforts her. Lea receives an envelop containing a key and the address of the Hotel Lux and the time, 9 p.m. At the hotel, John tells Lea she is going to give her exactly what she wants, and has her sit in a chair in the middle of the floor and then crawl on the floor. Gilles (Werner Schreyer) enters. He is there to "give her more". Gilles tries to have sex with Lea but she refuses him and begins sobbing. John pay off Gilles and he leave. John and Lea have sex on the floor. As day is breaking, John leaves saying he doesn't want to hurt anyone any more 