 Party Girl (1995)44) A 20-something, irresponsible party girl is bailed out of jail by her librarian godmother. To repay the loan, she starts working at the library and gradually turns her life around. Mary is a free-spirited young woman with a run-down New York apartment and a high fashion wardrobe. She calls her godmother, a librarian, for bail money after being arrested for throwing an illegal party. To repay the loan, she begins working as a library clerk. At first she hates it, but when challenged decides to master the Dewey Decimal System and become a great library clerk, while romancing a falafel vendor and helping her roommate in his goal to become a professional DJ. James Meek <james@oz.net> Mary, a twenty-something New Yorker, spends her time going to or organizing parties and collecting trendy designer clothes, all while having no money in being unemployed somewhat by choice in having no focus on what she'd like to do as a career even if she wanted to work. Judy Lindendorf, Mary's librarian godmother, she Mary's deceased mother's friend, has a love/hate relationship with Mary: while she doesn't like that Mary is wiling away her life aimlessly and doesn't like that Mary treats her solely as someone to turn to only in times of need, especially financial need, she does want to get to know her as a person and get her life on some sort of track. In that push and pull between the two, Mary somewhat has no other option but to accept Judy's offer to work as a clerk in the library. While most of Mary's friends are party animals like her, they all have jobs or career aspirations. Concurrently, Mary befriends Mustafa, who operates a falafel cart, he who was forced to do such work in not having the English language skills or certification to work in his trained field of teaching which he did back in Lebanon. His life is made all the more difficult with a new trendy falafel cart operating across the street from his usual spot. The question becomes if Mary, through these associations, can find her path in life. Huggo 24 year old Mary (Parker Posey) is earning her rent money by throwing yet another party at her loft but, this time she gets busted. Now Mary has to rely on her godmother, Judy, to bail her out. Mary visits the library to thank Judy, who is head librarian, for her kindness, but instead finds herself admonished by Judy for lack of responsibility and inability to hold down a job. In her defense, Mary agrees to take up a job as a library clerk. She assumed Judy would let her be, but instead, Judy constantly criticizes Mary's abilities. Steamed by Judy's dismissal of her lifestyle, Mary is determined to prove herself and in the process realizes a sense of responsibility and self-worth. The one time Party Girl has metamorphosed into a young mature woman. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 