 The Fantastic Four (1994)44) When dosed with cosmic rays, four intrepid explorers are given incredible powers. In this Marvel Comic adaption, four astronauts get bombarded with cosmic rays when an accident occurs. The four of them acquire special powers, and decide to form a superhero group called the Fantastic Four. They then fight their arch-enemy Dr. Doom. Paul Zenisek <zenny@mn.frontiercomm.net> Ten long years after the failed attempt to harness the immense power of the comet-like energy source, Colossus, the brilliant scientist, Reed Richards, tries to recreate the experiment that claimed the life of his college friend, Victor von Doom. However, the celestial body's force is unfathomable, and as a result, four unsuspecting companions find themselves forever affected by Colossus' irradiated energy. Now, the cosmic rays have turned Reed into the elastic "Mr Fantastic"; his girlfriend, Sue Storm, becomes the "Invisible Girl"; her reckless younger brother, Johnny, is now the scorching "Human Torch", and lastly, pilot Ben Grimm transforms into the rocky mass of muscles known as "The Thing". Together, they are a band of incredible super-heroes, up against humankind's latest enemy, the mysterious, Dr Doom. Can the Fantastic 4 save our world? Nick Riganas When an experimental space voyage goes awry, four people are forever changed by cosmic rays: Reed Richards, inventor and leader of the group gains the ability to stretch his body and takes the name Mr. Fantastic. His girlfriend, Sue Storm, gains the ability to turn invisible and create force fields becoming The Invisible Girl. Her little brother, Johnny Storm, becomes The Human Torch with the ability to control fire, including covering his own body with flame. The pilot Ben Grimm is turned into the super-strong, super-tough Thing. Together they become a team of super-heroes and use their unique powers to foil the evil plans of villains. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 