 American Heart (1992)55) An ex-convict is tracked down by his estranged teenage son, and the pair try to build a relationship and life together in Seattle. On the day he is released from the state penitentiary on parole after serving five years for robbery, Jack Kelson is tracked down by his now fourteen year old son, Nick Kelson, who wants to be with his father. Jack, in turn, wants nothing to do with Nick, both in having enough to contend with in getting his life on track for himself, and knowing that his own life has been one big failure, he determined for Nick not to get caught up in that cycle. Regardless as Nick cannot be dissuaded, the pair try to eke out a life together living in a rundown residential hotel in a low income neighborhood in Seattle, with the pipe dream of moving to the land of opportunity of frontier Alaska. While Jack goes to work for a commercial window washing business - one of the lies he telling Nick being he has a job as a construction supervisor - and strikes a relationship with Charlotte, a cab driver who wrote to him in prison, Nick has his first case of puppy love for Molly, a teen prostitute who lives with her adolescent brother Roy and stripper/prostitute mother Diane in a unit in the same building, leading to Nick being ensconced within a group of street youth to which Molly belongs. As the going gets tough, it may be easy for Jack to fall into old routines and Nick to follow in Jack's past footsteps, especially as Jack's old criminal associate Ray, who learned everything he knows from Jack, comes around trying to pull one or both into the life. Huggo After leaving jail, Jack Kelson wants to live a normal life. He rents a small flat, moves in with his son Nick and tries to get a steady job. But then a former friend steps into his life again. Markus Lasermann <mslaserm@trick.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de> Jack Nelson has left the jail after being condemned by a series of bank robberies. He has decided to fix his life and meets Nick, his adolescent son. But Jack has a serious problem with alcohol, which causes him to behave awful with Nick. Nick's mother died years ago and Jack has terrible memories about her. The boy doesn't go to school, so he has to work selling papers. Meanwhile, Jack works in a bank, cleaning the windows. He has musician skills playing the ukulele and tries to earn some money playing in the street. A police detective keeps watching Jack, because of his parole. Jack's dream is run away to Alaska and work there as a fisherman. However, there will be several problems for him and Nick, like an old robber partner that keeps looking for Jack in order to commit another crime, and his alcoholism. But Jack will discover that he really loves Nick, who's hanging out with his pretty neighbor, a problem girl with a prostitute mother. Jack's love for Nick will be the force that will help him to reach his dreams and keep away from problems. Alejandro Frias Jack Kelson is released after some years in jail and gets reunited with his only son Nick. Nick's mother is long dead, so he goes to live with his father, who is now trying to stay away from trouble (and prison). So, Jack gets a job as a window cleaner and tries to teach Nick not to repeat his mistakes. Their dream is to get away to Alaska, but things won't be easy for them... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 