 Dream with the Fishes (1997)Summaries Terry is a suicidal voyeur who treats a dying addict to a final binge, but Terry will only do this if he promises to kill him. Terry is a suicidal voyeur who doesn't seem to be able to kill himself. While preparing for jumping off a bridge, he meets Nick who ends up saving his life. Terry discovers that Nick is terminally ill and doesn't have much time left. Scared by the lack of time, Nick offers Terry a deal he can't refuse: Terry will become the beneficiary of Nick's life insurance or, since money doesn't matter to Terry, Nick promises to kill him before he dies. All Nick asks is Terry's help to realize a few fantasies before dying. Hugo Lopes Depressed and dissatisfied, young Terry decides to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge. However, when he arrives at the chosen place, he cannot find the courage to jump. Nick passes by and points out that Terry's chosen method of dying does not provide many guarantees of success. Then he offers Terry a massive dose of sleeping pills he has at home in exchange for his watch. In the apartment, Terry takes the pills, he regrets once more his choice and asks to be taken to the hospital, where a gastric lavage show that he had only swallowed vitamins. Enraged he returns to Nick, asking him the return the watch. Nick then tells him he is terminally ill and proposes a deal: if Terry agrees to fund his wishes in the short time that he has left, he will repay him by killing him. Terry accepts. After a period of dissolute life dedicated to bank robberies and prostitutes, Nick gets worse, recovers his relationship with his girlfriend Liz and manages to make peace with his father. When he is about to die, he decides to marry Liz from his hospital bed. Faced with these examples of attachment to life, Terry realizes he no longer wants to die. Back in San Francisco, he meets the woman who he had passed for his dead wife. She is a neighbor; he reveals that he has spied on her and photographed her, asks for forgiveness and returns an object he had stolen from her. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 