 Deewana Mastana (1997)Summaries Chaos ensues when a small time crook and a mental patient tries to win heart of a beautiful woman with comical outcomes. Raja is a minor league crook who sells railway tickets on the black market at Amirpur station. Tired of his job he looks for new ways to make a quick buck. One day, along with his friend Ghafoor and a police inspector, he robs Rs 2.5 million from the railway treasury. Later, Raja and Ghafoor bump off the inspector and run away with the loot to Bombay. At Bombay airport, Raja sets eyes on Dr Neha and promptly falls in love with the psychiatrist, for that's what she is. Raja and Ghafoor quickly find out where she lives. Ghafoor pretends to be a psychiatric patient while Raja takes on the name Raj Kumar and befriends her, telling her he has just returned from the US. However, Ghafoor cautions Raja not to hurry and be patient in matters of love. The trouble begins when Bunnu, the son of a wealthy businessman, is sent to Neha for treatment. He is really crazy, and terrified of fire, heights, running and water. Soon, he too falls for Neha and discovers he has a rival in Raja. Suddenly, Neha has to leave for Ooty with her father to attend her uncle's wedding. She does not leave behind a forwarding address. However, both Raja and Bunnu impersonate policemen and intimidate her secretary into revealing where she's vamoosed. Dr Neha is thrilled to see them in Ooty, but is drawn closer to the ill Bunnu rather than Raja. Things take an ugly turn when Ghafoor tires to kill Bunnu, who escapes. Bunnu contacts contract killer Pappu Pager to bump off Raja. However, that plan too comes a cropper. Armed with a gold ring and garland, Neha calls Bunnu and Raja to court, ostensibly with the purpose of marriage. Both are surprised to see the other there. <aliyah@portal.connect.ab.ca> Established shrink Neha Kapoor is courted by two suitors, one Raj Kumar or Raja, who claims that he has businesses in the U.S., and by her patient, Bunnu, who is terrified of fire, heights, and water. Things become hilariously complicated when both discover they are rivals, and initially try to out-do; and then even try to kill each other. The saga reaches a climax when Neha asks both of them to accompany her to the Registrar's office for a Court Marriage. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 