 Renegade (19921997)321) After crooked cop Lieutenant "Dutch" Dixon kills his girlfriend and frames him for murder, Reno Raines escapes from jail and goes on the run. After crooked cop Lieutenant "Dutch" Dixon kills his girlfriend and frames him for murder, Reno Raines escapes from jail and goes on the run. Teaming up with Bobby Sixkiller and Cheyenne Phillips, Reno works as a bounty hunter while searching for the only man who can clear his name. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with Reno Raines, an ex-Army Ranger who has joined the San Diego police department. His old friend, district attorney (D.A.) Harry Wells arranges for Reno's transfer to Bay City, California. Harry has recruited Reno to work undercover and gather evidence on dirty cops (corrupt police officers). Reno gathers evidence that dirty cop Buzzy Burrell has committed murder and robbery. He reports this to Harry, in the presence of police lieutenant Donald "Dutch" Dixon who is Buzzy's partner. At the time Reno is unaware that Dutch is also a corrupt cop and an accomplice of Buzzy. Buzzy and Dutch help convicted killer Hogg Adams to escape from prison. In return, they ask him to murder Reno. Hogg soon invades Reno's hotel room, but Reno is missing at the time. The only one present in the room is Valerie Prentiss, Reno's fiance. Hogg kills Valerie and then flees the scene. Buzzy rushes into the hotel room to see if Reno is dead, and his presence is noticed by others. Dutch covertly follows Buzzy, and kills his own partner with Reno's weapon. Dutch successfully frames Reno for Buzzy's murder. Reno becomes a fugitive from the law. Dutch sends professional bounty hunter (and retired Marine) Bobby Sixkiller to capture Reno. Reno, however, manages to gain Bobby's trust and befriend him. Bobby offers him work as a bounty hunter. Reno uses the alias "Vince Black" while capturing various wanted people. He then turns them over to Bobby, who delivers them to the authorities in exchange for a cut of the reward money. Reno does not dare deliver the wanted people himself, as someone could recognize him. Reno learns that some of the wanted people are also wrongly suspected of crimes, and helps these people to gather exonerating evidence. Reno's real identity is revealed to several trustworthy people, who refuse to turn him in. Meanwhile, Dutch becomes a US federal marshal, and uses his new connections to hunt down Reno. After a couple of years on the run, Reno falls into one of Dutch's traps and is arrested. He is placed on trial for Buzzy's murder. Hound Adams (Hogg's brother) knows what happened that night and agrees to serve as a defense witness. Hound is convinced by Dutch to switch sides and he implicates Reno in the murder. Reno is sentenced to death. Reno soon manages to escape prison with the help of a dying convict. The convict had received bribe money from Dutch to kill Reno, but chose instead to gather incriminating evidence on Dutch. These evidence are left in the custody of the convict's lawyer. Towards the end of the series, Dutch finds out that his own Melissa was trying to turn him in. He kills Melissa, and frames Reno for her murder. Their adult son Donald Dixon Jr., seeks revenge for his mother's death. During a confrontation with Reno, Dutch shoots and wounds his own boss, Marshal Jack Hendricks. Dutch flees the scene and becomes a fugitive from the law. The marshals place a reward for Dutch's capture. Reno has failed to clear his own name, but now has the option of hunting down his archenemy and collecting the bounty. At this point, the show has an ambiguous ending, leaving the final fates of Reno and Dutch unresolved. 