 Light Sleeper (1992)Summaries A drug dealer reconsiders his profession when his boss plans to go straight and an old flame reappears. A drug dealer with upscale clientele is having moral problems going about his daily deliveries. A reformed addict, he has never gotten over the wife that left him, and the couple that use him for deliveries worry about his mental well-being and his effectiveness at his job. Meanwhile someone is killing women in apparently drug-related incidents. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> In New York City, John LeTour is the third member of a high end drug dealing business: Ann, the boss, and her gay associate Robert, who does most of the "office" work, while John handles most of the deliveries to their clients who expect discretion at all cost. John's life consists solely of this work, whatever social time being with Ann and Robert or with those clients whenever they may just want someone to hang with while he is making those deliveries, although he no longer does drugs himself and sees most of those clients as being indistinguishable from each other. While she has brought up doing it before, John believes Ann is serious this time in getting out of the business and switching over full time to her burgeoning cosmetics business, in which she has asked Robert to join her, but not him. As such, John is contemplating his future, he already feeling a bit lost in life, resorting to a visit with psychic Teresa Aranow for some answers. It is at this time that John runs into his old girlfriend, Marianne Jost, who had moved out of town after their break-up. A former junkie, Marianne has been clean for four years now, and although John would like to get back together with her in still being in love with her - he still wearing the personalized ring she had given him - she sees him as the source of whatever troubles she had regardless of the underlying passion that still exists. It is also at this time that John notices a man following him, he believing said man a narc. He isn't quite who John believes but factors into what John decides to do with his uncertain future, especially concerning both Ann and Marianne. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 