 The Commitments (1991)66) Jimmy Rabbitte, an unemployed Dublin boy, decides to put together a soul band made up entirely of the Irish working class. Funny, musical and occasionally dramatic, this is the story of tumultuous rise and fall of a Dublin Soul band, The Commitments. Managed by Jimmy Rabbitte, an unemployed wheeler and dealer with a vision to create "The Worlds Hardest Working Band". Rockpile Jimmy Rabbitte, bored with bands in Ireland, assembles a soul band in the tradition of Wilson Pickett, Otis Redding, and Aretha Franklin made up of a group of young white musicians from working class Dublin. With the help of Joey "The Lips" Fagan, the veteran musician of the band who has played around the world with famous musicians, they whip the members into shape - coming together beautifully onstage, only to have the group fall apart in a clash of egos. Jim Dublin, Ireland. Local entrepreneur Jimmy Rabbitte is putting a band together (which he will manage). Through friends, contacts, auditions and blind luck he puts together his band - The Commitments. He decides what music they will play - soul. We see how the pieces come together, the auditions, the skepticism from his parents, their first rehearsal, how things start to come together and their first few gigs. We also see the relationships in the band, particularly the friction. Soon they are standing on the threshold of stardom. grantss Via an "interview", Jimmy Rabbitte, a bit of a scammer albeit one with a heart of gold, tells the story of the Commitments, "the hardest working band in all of Dublin". The goal of the ten piece ensemble, which he founded and manages, is to perform what he calls "Dublin soul", music of the working class by the working class which indeed does touch their soul. The choice of the genre is despite all the members being white with no background at all in soul music. While Jimmy had always wanted to be in the music business in loving music, the genesis of the band was speaking to his mates Outspan Foster and Derek Scully, in their own band at the time, after watching them perform at a wedding. As manager, Jimmy was able not only to cobble together the ten musicians that form the Commitments, but is able to handle all the managerial duties to varying degrees of success. While each of the ten has his or her own reason for needing the band in their life at its inception, the question is how the interview will end, in other words if Jimmy is able to hold everything together with the different personalities within the group, some who didn't like each other from the beginning, and in dealing with the changing fortunes and attitudes of the individual members. Huggo Jimmy Rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets a brilliant idea: to put a soul band together in Barrytown, his slum home in north Dublin. First he needs musicians and singers: things slowly start to click when he finds three fine-voiced females virtually in his back yard, a lead singer (Deco) at a wedding, and, responding to his ad, an aging trumpet player, Joey "The Lips" Fagan. Song by song, gig by gig, the Commitments start their climb to the top: Dublin gets soul. But internal strife also builds: Deco is insufferable, Joey's a Casanova, and Jimmy may lack the seasoning to hold things together. Will the Commitments slip away? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 