 Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace (1996)321) After the destruction of Virtual Space Industries at the end of the first film, Jobe is discovered in the rubble and is brought to the facilities of Jonathan Walker (Kevin Conway), a powerful corporate tycoon, where his face is reconstructed and he is hooked back online through virtual reality to work for Walker. Several years later, in a dystopian Los Angeles, Peter Parkette (Austin O'Brien), is now a teenager and a computer hacker living in the subways with a group of runaway teenagers after the events of the first film. Jobe finds Peter online and asks him to find Benjamin Trace (Patrick Bergin), the founder of virtual reality. After finding Trace and bringing him to his hideout, Peter discovers Jobe is looking to start a new world order, using Walker's technology. Now, Trace, Peter, Trace's former lover Cori (Ely Pouget), and Peter's friends, are on a race against time to stop Jobe and Walker from enslaving humanity through virtual reality. Jobe is resuscitated by Jonathan Walker. He wants Jobe to create a special computer chip that would connect all the computers in the world into one network, which Walker would control and use. But what Walker doesn't realize is a group of teenage hackers are on to him and out to stop his plan. AC Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Moments after the blast in part one, Jobe is found by a group of scientists led by Jonathan Walker, who are aware of his abilities and nurse him back to help in order to use his power for world domination. Fast forward seven years, where Los Angeles is seen as post apocalyptic, Jobe has become Walker's guiena pig, but Jobe has other plans. A now 16-year-old Peter Parkette is now a computer hacker and lives underground with his girlfriend Jade, her brother Travis and their friend Sean. When Jobe finds Peter in virtual reality, he uses Peter to bring a disgraced scientist named Dr. Benjamin Trace to him so that he can finish the chyron chip. When Peter finds Trace, and Jobe betrays them, Trace, Peter, Peter's friends and Trace's old flame must work together and stop Jobe he is trying to be a God in cyberspace. 