 That '70s Show (1998 )55) A comedy revolving around a group of teenage friends, their mishaps, and their coming of age, set in 1970s Wisconsin. Eric Forman is a typical high school student growing up in Wisconsin in 1976 with his family and his friends. Together, they have the same kind of joys and sorrows that just about every teenager has while growing up. This show parodied many of the attitudes, events and fads of the 70s, along with those who grew up at the time. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Back in the days of Led Zeppelin 8-tracks, TaB colas, and Farrah Fawcett posters, "That '70s Show" continues to flashback to the times where bell bottoms were the hip thing. Set in the Wisconsin suburbs, Eric Forman lives under the authority of his parents, Red and Kitty. Next door is his girlfriend/neighbor, Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Jackie, and her on again-off again boyfriend, Kelso, Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world, and Fez, a foreign exchange student who is soaking up American culture like a sponge. The gang mostly likes to spend their time in Eric's basement, pondering their lives, parents, and their futures, but they get into many funny mishaps and adventures in their teenage lives. Scott That 70's Show revolves the lives of several 17-year-olds living in Point Place, Wisconsin, 1976. The head of the group is Eric Forman who lives under the authority of parents Red and Kitty. Living next door is girlfriend Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Fez, a foreign-exchange student who's soaking up American culture like a sponge, Jackie Burkhart, her on-again, off-again boyfriend Michael Kelso, and Steven Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world. The gang usually spends their time in Eric's basement, thinking of their lives, parents, and futures, but they manage to get into funny adventures and mishaps along the way through their teenage lives. Alex Madison <SouthParkFan1-2905> Set in the mid-late 1970s, when Nixon was president, Pink Floyd and Led Zepplin were big, Pong was America's #1 video game, shaggy orange and green carpets, and sodas and cars were cheap, "That '70s Show" follows the daily lives of 6 teenagers led by Eric Foreman, while living in the fictional suburb of Point Place, Wisconsin. The 6 have been friends since grade school, with the exception of Fez, who is from an unknown country. From the luxury and comfort of the Foreman basement and Fatso Burger, two of the gangs local hangouts to the speed of Eric's Vista Cruiser, the gang shares many misadventures alongside their families while growing up and trying to survive Midwestern suburbia in the decade that brought America to its knees. Kidd-Carl It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 