 The Witches (1990)44) A young boy stumbles onto a witch convention and must stop them, even after he has been turned into a mouse. A recently orphaned young boy is taken to a seaside hotel in England by his grandmother, who is recuperating after an illness.. Also staying at their hotel is a group of witches who have gathered to prepare a plot to rid England of all children. Rob Hartill Recently orphaned Luke Eveshim spends a holiday in a hotel with his grandmother Helga, who taught him a lot about witches. He befriends fat glutton Bruno Jenkins and they lurk around a convention of women and discover that it's a cover for witches' convention. The International Grand High Witch Eva Ernst instructs the 'soft' Englsh witches on how to dispose of all children. They are discovered and transformed into rodents, but they escape and determine to stop the evil plan at any cost. KGF Vissers Young Luke and his parents visit his grandmother Helga in Norway during vacation, and she tells stories of evil witches, such as how her best childhood friend was kidnapped by a witch. After Luke's parents die in a car accident, Helga becomes his guardian and they move to England. One day a woman approaches Luke, but he recognizes that she's a witch. When Helga falls ill and her doctor diagnoses diabetes, she and Luke travel to a seaside hotel, where Luke befriends plump Bruno Jenkins and has problems with hotel manager Mr. Stringer over his pet white mice. Meanwhile, a group of women from the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children arrive for a convention, led by Miss Eva Ernst. But soon Luke learns that Eva is indeed the Grand High Witch and their convention is to distribute a magic potion to turn boys in England into mice. When the Grand High Witch sees Luke, she turns him into a mouse. What will he do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 