 Indecent Proposal (1993)44) A billionaire offers $1,000,000 to a young married couple for one night with the wife. A happily-married young couple, David Murphy and Diana Murphy have started their respective careers, she as a real estate broker, he as an architect. She finds the perfect spot to build his dream house, and they get loans to finance it. When the recession hits, they stand to lose everything they own, so they go to Las Vegas to have one shot with their last $5000 at winning the money they need. After losing at the tables, they are approached by a suave billionaire and high-stakes gambler, John Gage, who offers them a million dollars for a night with Diana. Indignant but already seduced, Diana and David reluctantly agree. They say money can't buy love. Though the couple agrees that this is a way out of their financial dilemma, it threatens to destroy their relationship. Can the husband and wife survive John's ultimate test? David Murphy and Diana Murphy have been together since high school and get married. Everything goes well until the recession strikes and they go through financial turmoil. In their last attempt to revive their financial situation, they decide to gamble in Las Vegas, where they meet John Gage, a very rich man, who offers them $1,000,000 to spend the night with Diana. Out of desperation, they both agree to do it and forget it forever. However, it begins to erode their relationship. Keith Francis To bounce back from unemployment and the severe recession that threatens to cost them their dream house in Santa Monica, the devoted high-school sweethearts--the talented architect, David, and his real-estate agent wife, Diana--get up their nerve and decide to gamble their last $5,000 in Las Vegas. There, the suave billionaire and high-stakes gambler, John Gage, tempts the broke young couple and makes David the indecent proposal: should Diana accept to spend the night with him, $1,000,000 is theirs. Indignant but already seduced, Diana and David reluctantly agree. They say money can't buy love. Can the husband and wife survive John's ultimate test? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 