 The Rookie (1990)44) A veteran detective is assigned a rookie partner after his previous partner is killed by a car theft gang. He is determined to apprehend those responsible for his friend's death but his new partner isn't really up to the task. Nick Pulovski (Clint Eastwood) is a cop, who is presently assigned to the auto theft division and who for the most part of his career has not done anything worthwhile. But when he discovers that a man named Strom (Raul Julia) is the brains behind a major car theft and chop shop ring, he sees this as his opportunity to do something. After his partner Powell (Hal Williams) is killed, the case is then transfered to homicide, so he is taken off the case. And he is assigned a new partner, David Ackerman (Charlie Sheen). a cop who has just recently been promoted to detective. But Pulovski feeling as if Strom is his, and decides to continue pursuing him, but Ackerman who tries to play by the rules is not sure what to do, and he is also a little afraid because of a childhood incident. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> Following the death of his partner during a poorly executed mission, the tough-as-nails former race-car driver and now a veteran police officer, Nick Pulovski, grudgingly accepts to team up with a new partner, the recently promoted LAPD detective, David Ackerman. Bent on revenge, Nick defies his orders and continues to pursue the villainous criminal, Strom, determined to take his chop-shop empire down; however, he only manages to end up abducted by his murderous henchmen. Now, it is up to inexperienced and still-haunted-by-his-past David to crack the case. But, is the rookie up to the task? Nick Riganas A veteran detective is assigned a rookie partner after his previous partner is killed by a car theft gang. He is determined to apprehend those responsible for his friend's death but his new partner isn't really up to the task. Then a single event changes all that. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 