 Reindeer Games (2000)55) After assuming his dead cell-mate's identity to get with the other man's girlfriend, an ex-convict finds himself a reluctant participant in a casino heist. After being imprisoned for six years on a grand theft auto charge, Rudy Duncan (Ben Affleck) is days away from release as is his cellmate Nick (James Frain) who is is serving a two year sentence on a separate charge. Nick has a number of pictures from a romantic correspondence with a woman named Ashley he has never met but is waiting for his release. Rudy is looking forward to returning to his family and having a fresh cup of hot chocolate. Nick is killed defending Rudy during a prison riot. When Rudy Is released the next day from prison he recognizes Ashley waiting outside the prison for Nick and Rudy takes his place and pretends to be Nick. Nick had spoken of his previous employment in security with an Indian casino and Rudy finds himself involved with Ashley's criminal gun runner brother Gabriel (Gary Sinise). Rudy is violently coerced to cooperate with a Christmas Eve casino robbery scheme that Gabriel and his gang have been planning with Nick's casino knowledge as the key. Things don't go as planned with a number of plot twists and double crosses. Brian Orndorf With two days away from his release, all the professional car thief, Rudy Duncan, wants is to get his life back on track, reunite with his family for Christmas, and above all, start afresh with his new girlfriend, Ashley--the compassionate soulmate he had fallen in love in prison via correspondence. However, having read their fervent letters, Ashley's volatile arms-trafficking brother, Gabriel, and his ruthless gang of trigger-happy criminals jump on the opportunity to get vital inside information from Rudy, for a daring casino heist on Christmas Eve. Under those circumstances, to stay alive and have a chance with Ashley, Rudy must play along and continue his con game; nevertheless, is all as it seems? Nick Riganas In Michigan, the car thief Rudy Duncan and his cellmate Nick Cassidy, who killed a man protecting his girlfriend Millie Bobeck, are to be released in a couple of days. Nick is in love with his pen-pall Ashley Mercer that he never personally met and has known her through a magazine, letters, and photos. He expects to spend the next days locked in a motel room making love with Ashley while Rudy expects to return home and drink hot chocolate with his family celebrating Christmas. During a riot in the mess room, Nick is stabbed and murdered by a dangerous inmate trying to protect Rudy. When he is released, Rudy sees Ashley alone trying to find Nick and he poses to be his dead friend. They go to the motel, but Rudy is surprised by Asley's brother Gabriel and his four-men gang. Soon he learns that Gabriel has read Nick's letters to Ashley and knows that he had worked as security guard in the Tomahawk Casino managed by Jack Bangs. Gabriel and his gang are arms traffickers and truck drivers with no experience in heists and they force Rudy to plot the robbery of the casino based on his previous experience in the Tomahawk. What will Rudy do? If he confesses that he is not Nick, he will be expendable and killed by the criminals. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Rudy Duncan is a reformed car thief who's just a day away from being released from prison. His cellmate and best friend, Nick is also due for release at the same time with Rudy. Nick continually brags about the female pen pal Ashley he's been writing to and has a large number of photos on his wall. But stabbed during a food riot Nick ends up out of the picture, and Rudy meets Ashley waiting outside the prison and assumes Nick's identity and ends up spending time with Ashley. Ashley's brutal sibling Gabriel and his crew of gun running thugs knew Nick used to work for a casino and want his assistance on a Christmas Eve robbery of the casino. Rudy attempts to explain the truth about his identity but must continue to act as Nick to save his life. Rudy is coerced to reluctantly aid Gabriel and his thugs to rob the casino. But things aren't what they appear and the robbery doesn't go quite as planned. monkeykingma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 