 Somersault in a Coffin (1996)Summaries Mahsun is homeless and unemployed. He lives in Rumelihisari (one of the most picturesque and oldest quarters of Istanbul), and tries to stay alive with the help of local fishermen. Mahsun loves cars, he steals at nights and in the mornings he drives them back clean and well kept. He lives to emphasize the strange togetherness of possibilities and impossibilities. In this togetherness, Mahsun experiences friendship, trust, a one-way love affair and torture. He insists to survive in his open-air coffin of ancient Istanbul streets. bogazici Mahsun Supertitiz is an unemployed homeless man who steals cars at night so that he can sleep in a heated place during the winter. Mahsun lives in Rumelihisar, an old section of Istanbul, and makes ends meet by getting the local fishermen to help him. Mahsun loves the cars he robs, cleans and polishes them, and drives them through the streets of Rumelihisar during the daytime. deen_o146 Mahsun, thief with an unalterably bad reputation. There is almost no car he can't steal, no lock he can't open. He brings at dawn the cars that he has stolen them. He even washes them clean. However what he does can not be considered only as enjoying himself with a drive. Stealing cars is a way fro him to shelter from the cold winter. Because this thief neither has a place to stay nor a proper job. That's why his shortcut to get over with winter is to get in prison as soon as possible. But, as he is notorious with even robbing the prison he was serving time in, no judge wants to see his face and no prison accepts him. And one day, this starved and contemporary Charlot falls in love with a girl, a heroin addict. "Somersault In A Coffin" aims to underline the taut unity of possibilities and impossibilities about human beings. That's because mankind is endowed with the capacity of not only establishing the balance of life under the most suitable conditions, but also refusing any balance they have established and not to accept what is rational and suitable for themselves. camoka It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 