 Delicatessen (1991)55) Post-apocalyptic surrealist black comedy about the landlord of an apartment building who occasionally prepares a delicacy for his odd tenants. Centered on a post-apocalyptic society where food is scarce and used as currency. In an apartment building with a delicatessen on the ground floor. The owner of the eatery also owns the apartment building and is in need of a new maintenance man since the prior one "mysteriously" disappeared. A former clown applies for the job and the butcher's intent is to have him work for as little as possible. The clown and butcher's daughter fall in love and she tries to foil her father's plans by contacting the "troglodytes", a grain eating sub-group of society who live entirely underground. anonymous France, post-apocalypse. Food is scarce and the residents of a block of flats must exist on what they can. Operating out of the ground floor of the building, and living in one of the flats, is a butcher. He has a method for procuring meat. Food stocks are once again running low so he hires a handyman, Louison. However, the butcher's daughter, Julie, falls for Louison and will go to any length to prevent him from getting the chop, including getting him kidnapped by some not-entirely competent terrorists/rebels. High jinks ensue. grantss In the aftermath of a cataclysmic global disaster, with food being in short supply and grain used as currency, people now live in small communities, under adverse conditions. Not knowing what to expect, Louison, an unemployed ex-circus clown, arrives in a perpetually cold and misty part of post-apocalyptic France and rents an apartment in the dilapidated tenement building of the uncouth butcher, Mr Clapet, who rules his tenants with an iron fist. To pay his rent, Louison takes a job as a janitor, only to fall in love with a kindred spirit, the landlord's myopic daughter, Julie. However, amid chaos, destruction, and extreme hunger, Louison can't help noticing Clapet's impressive ability to find meat: a macabre secret that he will soon have to face. In the end, what makes Clapet's delicatessen so successful? Nick Riganas In a post-apocalyptic world, the residents of an apartment above the butcher shop receive an occasional delicacy of meat, something that is in low supply. A young man new in town falls in love with the butcher's daughter, which causes conflicts in her family, who need the young man for other business-related purposes. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 