 Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler (1992)321) Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help. When New Namek falls under attack by a massive planet of metal and an army of lethal robots, the Guardian of Earth, Dende, reforms the Earths Special Forces to go to New Namek and save his people. Not knowing what to expect, but not expecting what they find, the Z Warriors find themselves landing in the frying pan, for the force behind the invasion of Namek is none other than Koola, Frieza's older brother, who Goku supposedly killed long ago. With Koola more powerful than before, and this time seemingly invincible, the power of a Super Saiyan may not be enough to save the galaxy this time. But Koola and Goku are about to find out that they're both full of surprises. Rob Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A few year prior to Frieza destroying the planet of Namek in his battle with Goku, the Namekians were left without a home for months. Eventually, with the help of the Dragon Balls, a new planet called New Namek was created for them. However, one day a mysterious metal planet began to consume New Namek, absorbing its energy. The guardian of Earth, Dende, senses the impending doom, and calls Goku for help. Goku, Gohan, Krillin, Oolong, Yajirobe and Master Roshi travel to New Namek, where they are confronted by an army of robots. It is soon revealed that Cooler, who was thought to have been killed by Goku a few years earlier, is the leader of the robot army, and plans to use the Namekians as biological fuel for the metal planet, which he calls the Big Gete Star. The Z-Fighters engages Cooler's robots while Goku proceeds to confront Cooler one-on-one. Although the Z-Fighters begin to struggle destroying the robots, Piccolo instructs them to concentrate their attacks on their weak points. This allows them to destroy a few robots, however their numbers overwhelm the Z-Fighters and are captured along with the Namekian villagers. Piccolo is left to hold his own, managing to destroy all the robots in a fit of rage, shortly after making his way to rescue the others. Meanwhile, it is clear that Goku is no match for Cooler's new metallic form, which gives him the ability to regenerate himself. He reveals that the Big Gete Star constantly monitors his body, fixing any damages that might be inflicted upon him. Even fighting Cooler as a Super Saiyan, Goku still struggles to keep up. Just as Goku is about to be killed, Vegeta arrives to save him, also transforming into a Super Saiyan. The Saiyans fight Cooler, eventually being able to completely destroy him faster than he can regenerate. As Cooler is seemingly defeated, the Big Gete Star is able to create a thousand physical manifestations of Cooler, who charge towards the Saiyans. Completely outnumbered and weakened, Goku and Vegeta are captured and taken to the Big Gete Star's core to be used as energy. As Goku and Vegeta are left hanging via wires, Cooler explains how he survived. Not long after his defeat at the hands of Goku years ago, a nearby computer chip floated among a debris of spacecraft until it gained sentience and absorbed everything in its proximity and formed a spaceship. At one point, Cooler's remains, including pieces of his brain, were fused with the main computer allowing him to subsequently take control, effectively meaning Cooler is the Big Gete Star. Goku and Vegeta regain consciousness and release all their Super Saiyan energy to the wires, overloading the system. They then come face to face with the supercomputer's core, the true Cooler. Cooler attempts to crush Goku, but his hand is severed by Vegeta, giving Goku enough time to blast him with the last of his energy, causing the android's ultimate demise. Meanwhile, Piccolo arrives in the fortress, and meets up with a clone of Cooler, which explodes. Eventually, all the other clones of Cooler and every other robot explode. Piccolo and the rest escape before the Big Gete Star leaves New Namek's orbit and explodes. Goku and Vegeta fall from the sky near the rest of the Z-Fighters, and everyone rejoices. Vegeta is nowhere to be found, but Goku still compliments him for his role in defeating Cooler. Vegeta is shown in his space pod holding the computer chip that created the Big Gete Star. He then crushes it, ensuring that it will never create another monstrosity like Meta-Cooler ever again. 