 Ghulam (1998)66) An amateur boxer runs errands for a local gangster but revolts against him after the gangster kills his friend and his conscience is awakened. Ghulam means a slave. Sidharth (Aamir Khan) is an amateur boxer who does not work, preferring to loaf about with friends. His older brother Jai (Rajit Kapoor) works with a gangster who rules the neighborhood, terrorizing merchants and demanding protection money. As a child Sidharth idolized his father, an ex-freedom fighter, whom he saw committing suicide in guilt after a visit from an old acquaintance. Sidharth meets a girl, Alisha (Rani Mukerji), who rides with a motorcycle gang, and Hari, a social worker. The film tells the story of Sidharth's romance with Alisha and his reformation. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Amateur boxer Siddharth Marathe and his older brother, Jai works for a criminal don, Ronak Singh alias Ronnie. Ronak dominates the region by instilling fear in the people; the only man who decides to speak up against him is Hari the brother of Siddharth sweetheart, Alisha. When Ronak gets aware that Hari is going to the court of law to testify against him he has him killed; with the eye witness to this crime being Siddharth. Siddharth then decides to get Ronak incarcerated by instituting legal proceedings endangering his and his brother's life. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Siddhu, a tearaway and ned, is a boxing champion. His elder brother is the accountant and henchman for a slumlord. The slumlord is a former boxing champion who rules the local community by terrorizing people, extorting money from local shopkeepers n hoteliers n sometimes by match fixing. Siddhu convinces a social worker who reminds him of his dead father, into an ambush, preventing the social worker from persuading the local people to sign a police complain against the slumlord. Siddhu assumed that the slumlord's henchmen were only going to have a talk with the social worker to pressure him into not convincing the local people to file a police complain against the slumlord but is shocked when the social worker is killed. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Sidharth (Aamir Khan), is a Mumbai 'Tapori' and a boxing champion. His elder brother, Jai (Rajat Kapoor) works with Raunak Singh (Sharad Saxena), who now rules their "Basti" through terrorizing its people and collecting 'Hafta' from local merchants. Sidharth idolized his father, a freedom fighter, whom he saw falling to his death as a child. This effects Sidharth through his adult life. Sidharth meets a young girl, Alisha (Ranee Mukherjee), who rides with a motorcycle gang and Charlie (Deepak Tijori), the gang leader. Sidharth also meets Hari, whose idealism reminds him of his father. Hari's social work in the community possess a threat to Raunak Singh's evil empire. What happens to Hari changes Sidharth's life forever. How Sidharth breaks Raunak Singh's chains of 'Ghulami' around the community forms the crux of the story. Featuring the super hit song "Aati Kya Khandala" sung by Aamir Khan. Working for notorious underworld Don, Ronak Singh alias Ronnie, has steeled two brothers, Siddharth and Jai Marathe to the hard life of Bombay, who are also trying to live with the reputation of being the sons of a father, a known coward during the British Raj in India. While Jai keeps accounts for Ronak, younger Siddharth is a delivery person, who excels in boxing. Due to Siddharth's aggressiveness he becomes known to the local police and the judiciary, and more often than not, it is his lawyer who gets him off. After meeting Alisha, Siddharth decides to go straight, which does not auger well with his brother. Then Alisha's brother is killed by Ronak, and the only witness to this heinous crime is Siddharth, who has now to decide whether to testify against Ronak, and thus incriminate his very own brother also. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 