 Fools Rush In (1997)431) After a one night stand with Alex, Isabel realizes that she is pregnant and they decide to get married. However, along with the marriage comes compromise of one's own cultural traditions. Sparks fly and cultures collide in this romantic comedy about a casual night of passion that turns into the love of a lifetime. Alex Whitman is a New Yorker sent to Las Vegas to oversee a construction project. There he meets Isabel Fuentes, and some serious chemistry brings them together for one night. But Alex doesn't see Isabel again until three months later, when he learns she is pregnant. On a whim and prayer, he proposes. However, there's more to marriage than a Vegas chapel and an Elvis impersonator, as Alex and Isabel soon learn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> After a chance meeting in Las Vegas and a night together at his place, a young American construction supervisor, Alex Whitman, leaves Mexican photographer Isabel Fuentes pregnant. She finds him a few months later just to let him know what happened. In the rush of the moment he follows her and they decide to get married. After that, a clash of customs and ideas develops in their families and in their relationship because of their different cultural and national backgrounds. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Fools Rush In (1997) is a romantic comedy directed by Andy Tennant. The film features Mathew Perry as Alex Whitman and Salma Hayek as Isabel Fuentes. Alex Whitman is an American man in his late twenties who is approaching the height of his career as he is sent from New York to oversee a project in Las Vegas. Isabel Fuentes is a Mexican woman living in Las Vegas within her community of Mexican culture and family. After a chance encounter one night in Las Vegas, their immediate romance leads to a sexual experience that ends with Isabel leaving abruptly in the morning. Three months after the one night stand, Isabel comes to Alex's doorstep with news of her pregnancy from their initial encounter. After a couple hours of effortless connection and romance, Alex and Isabel elope and start their lives together. Their relationship begins with ease, but quickly becomes difficult when they are faced with the reality of coming from different lives and cultures. The marital problems they face include: difficulty getting approval and support from their prospective families, differences in their priorities between family and work, and contrasting plans of living arrangements for their premature family. After they both agree on a plan of remaining in Las Vegas for the remainder of their pregnancy before moving to New York City, Alex's plans change when he gets offered the job of his dreams that would require him to move back sooner. Alex lies to Isabel about his plan for as long as he can before she discovers. After needing a trip to the hospital, Isabel decides to lie to Alex when he visits her and tells him that she had a miscarriage and ends the relationship. Isabel undergoes the rest of her pregnancy in central Mexico with her family as Alex lives an unfulfilled life of work in New York. After he attempts to be open to the signs of destiny, he discovers that he truly loves Isabel and wants to be with her. After traveling to Mexico then Las Vegas, he finds Isabel and discovers she is still pregnant while confessing his love to her. She gives birth to their child along the Hoover Dam after her water breaks during Alex's confession. At the end, both Isabel and Alex remarry in front of their family and friends and restart the rest of their lives together. 