 Dil Se.. (1998)55) A radio broadcaster's intense attraction to a mysterious woman opens the door to a tidal wave of powerful emotions and desires. Amar Varma, a producer for Indian news radio, meets an enigmatic woman at a railroad station and then again at a hill station. He falls in love with her, but the woman, who calls herself Meghna, rejects and leaves him although she seems to be interested. Later, Varma agrees to marry his family's choice, Preeti. But suddenly Meghna is back, and what is the secret that she holds? <sunilm@nwu.edu> Amar Varma is sent on a temporary assignment from New Delhi to one of the northern provinces as a journalist for All India Radio. While there, he becomes curious about an illegally formed separatist movement that is committing acts of terrorism to free themselves of India's rule. He secretly meets the head of the group and interviews him--but can't comprehend the group's grievances against the government. "We are all Indians, aren't we?" he asks naively. He also meets a mysterious village woman named Meghna at a train station and then later in town, and is immediately drawn to the sadness in her tired eyes. Later, she claims that all the laughter left her when she was 8 years old and had never returned. She shows absolutely no interest in Amar, but his obsession only grows and he continues to chase after her even after being beaten up badly by her brothers. Finally, he is called back to the capitol and realizes reluctantly that this is a love that is not meant to be. Upon returning, he discovers that his family has found a woman whom they want him to marry. This potential bride comes in the form of Preeti, an adorable, westernized woman who in truth makes a much better match for Amar than did his village fantasy. Pushing his love into the background, he agrees to marry Preeti, and a wedding date is scheduled--but then Meghna shows up on his doorstep asking for a place to stay, and he lets her in. She is, in fact, in Delhi to commit a horrific act of terrorism.... Hariharan Amarkanth Varma is employed with All India Radio as a reporter who is dispatched to cover festivities in the northeastern part of India. While waiting for a train at a remote and isolated railway station, he comes across an attractive young woman who refuses to help him. Both meet again, and this time she asks him to leave her alone because she says that she is married. Thereafter, her relatives severely beat up Amarkanth. He finds out during the beating that, in fact, she is unmarried. On his recovery he is unable to get her out of his mind. They meet again, and this time she identifies herself as his wife, even tells him to call her Meghna, and both become fairly intimate on a bus journey. Then the next day she vanishes. His search for her is in vain. Heartbroken and under pressure from his family, he agrees to marry a woman named Preeti Nair. On the day of his engagement to Preeti, Meghna shows up at his house and asks him to let her and a friend stay there for a few days. Amarkanth's family readily agrees, not knowing that this time Meghna has come with a private and deadly agenda of her own that will shake the very roots of the Varma family and India as a whole. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) In this story of the clash between love and ideology, the focus is on Amarkant Varma, a deceased army officer's son. As a program executive for All India Radio, he travels all over India to interview citizens to mark the 50th anniversary of Indian independence. On one of his trips, he meets and falls for an intriguing and mysterious woman, whom he finds out is named Meghna, and who seems to enjoy leading him on. He follows her all the way to Ladakh, and after only two days together, she leaves him to join a group of insurgents on a mission. Heartbroken, Amar agrees to marry Preeti, a woman of his mother's choice. Meanwhile, Meghna is chosen to lead a suicide mission on the Republic Day Parade, and when she runs into Amar again where the mission is to take place, their destinies intertwine. Q. Leo Rahman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 