 Moonbase (1997)321) The first would-be moon colonists discover a horrifying, mysterious, and deadly secret hidden on their new lunar home. The most dangerous criminals in the universe escape from the Off-World Penitentiary and stow away to the quiet Moonbase Waste Disposal Plant. Hidden beneath the lunar surface lies an arsenal of nuclear warheads- the inmates' passport home to earth. Moonbase Commander John Russell launches a desperate fight to save his crew from a force capable of laying waste to an entire planet. b.dimuccio <voodoo3627@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. [SPOILERS] New Years Day, 2065. Criminals, led by Carl Stark (Robert O'Reilly), escape an off-world penitentiary and land at Moonbase, a waste dump on the far side of the lunar surface. There, John Russell (Scott Plank) and his crew of sanitation employees work in isolation. It's a self-imposed exile for John for reasons that only his grizzled co-worker Will (Stack Pierce) knows. With plans to hijack their way back to Earth, Stark and his gang storm the base and take John and his crew hostage. But news that there is no shuttle at the base forces them to change tactics. They decide to wait for an arriving "inspection" team, headed by Lt. Col. Caldecott (Billy Maddox) and mission specialist Dana Morgan (Jocelyn Seagrave) who is also John's old flame. But when Caldecott arrives with a contingent of heavily armed marines, a firefight ensues, and the criminals flee into the labyrinth of passageways in the base interior. They are joined in their hiding place by disgruntled dump worker Deckert (Kurt Fuller) who is determined to return to Earth at any cost; Deckert divulges Caldecott's real mission to the criminals: to recover ultra-deadly, and very valuable, positronic pulse, nuclear warheads hidden in a bunker beneath the mounds of garbage on the lunar surface. Stark and his second, Mina Lang (Gretchen Palmer) decide to steal the warheads so they can return to Earth "in style." Secure in the Moonbase control room, Dana, John, Will and Masani (Randy Vasquez) manage to contact a rescue team, but as the ship descends toward the base, Deckert routes power to a surface tractor beam, and crashes the ship. The criminals then ambush Caldecott's team and seize the warheads. John rushes to lock Stark out but is too late. He is captured. Masani begins prepping the inspection shuttle for escape, but Dana insists that they rescue John first. Masani worries that John may give Stark access to the control room to save his own life, but Will knows that John would never betray them. Will reveals to Dana that years ago John took the blame for an ecological disaster that the company was going to pin on her. Permanent transfer to Moonbase was the penalty John paid. With new determination, Masani transfers base command functions to the shuttle so they can retreat there...after getting John back. Stark is caught off-guard by the rescue, and Will manages to pull John to safety. Will, however, is killed in the process. John, Dana and Masani retreat to the shuttle bay, but discover they need a navigation signal boost from the control room to get away. Deckert, realizing that Stark intends to kill him regardless of their negotiated arrangement, amps the signal to the shuttle just as Stark shoots him. The shuttle is ready to go now, but the bay doors won't open. The power routed to the surface tractor beam by Deckert earlier has drained the power. John decides to suit up and venture out to the lunar surface to restore function to the shuttle bay. Stark, however, is determined that if he can't leave the moon, then no one will. He arms a warhead and sets a timer to detonate. John manages to get the bay doors open, but now, with only seconds left, Stark stands between him and the shuttle. With Dana and Masani's help, he manages to outsmart Stark with some holographic trickery, and the shuttle lifts off leaving the moon behind as the warheads explode, leveling the lunar surface and destroying...Moonbase. 