 The Hand that Rocks the Cradle (1992)871) After her humiliated husband kills himself, an embittered pregnant widow loses her child, and embarks on a mission of vengeance against a woman and her family. Peyton Flanders ( Rebecca De Mornay ) seemed to be the perfect nanny, but secretly she was out to wreck the lives of the family she was supposed to be helping. Before becoming the nanny, Peyton had a miscarriage due to the stress caused by the death of her husband, Dr. Victor Mott ( John de Lancie ), and blamed it on Claire (the mother, played by Annabella Sciorra ),. Claire suspects nothing, having never met Peyton before. Rob Hartill Dr. Victor Mott is a respected and successful gynecologist, but both come to a crashing halt when he is accused of sexually molesting his patients. When Claire Bartel accuses him of this crime, four other women come forward to corroborate the story. Stripped of his license and on the verge of being sent to prison, Dr. Mott commits suicide. Dr. Mott's now-widowed wife suffers a miscarriage, and is on the verge of losing her home to civil judgments against her husband's estate. Broken, alone and now near-penniless, Mrs. Mott learns that Claire is seeking a nanny for her own young children, and sees this as the perfect tool to exact a bloody revenge on Claire Bartel, and take Claire's family for her own. looker1010az Accused of sexually molesting several of his patients, Dr. Victor Mott kills himself. He leaves behind an expectant wife, who miscarries and loses the child, blames the victim, Claire Bartel, who initiated the criminal proceedings against her husband and decides to avenge his death. For this purpose she calls herself Peyton Flanders, gets herself hired as a nanny for Claire's two children, gains the trust of her employer and her husband, Michael, and sets about her gruesome task. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) After being charged with sexually assaulting several of his female patients a doctor commits suicide, following the stress of these events his heavily pregnant wife suffers a miscarriage. She later sets out to destroy the life of the woman who made the original complaint against her husband. Iantjambo A suburban family chooses seemingly sweet Peyton Flanders as their newborn's nanny. Only much later does the infant's mother, Claire Bartel, realize Peyton's true intentions - to destroy Claire and replace her in the family. The nail-biting suspense builds quickly in this chilling psychological thriller about deception and bitter revenge. yusufpiskin A gynecologist commits suicide when he is accused of having sexually molested 5 of his patients, and his wife loses her unborn baby as a result of stress. She then takes on another name and applies to the nanny position that the first woman to make the accusation has announced. She gets the job and she's up for revenge in her sly ways. Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Seattle, housewife Claire Bartel is happily married and pregnant with her second child. At a routine check-up, she is sexually molested by her new obstetrician, Dr. Victor Mott. Traumatized, she tells her husband Michael, who encourages her to report Dr. Mott to the state medical board. Her initial accusation prompts four more women to come forward about Dr. Mott assaulting them, and multiple charges are prepared against him by the district attorney's office. Instead of answering to the charges, Dr. Mott commits suicide to avoid being arrested. Lawyers tell Mott's pregnant widow that her husband's assets have been frozen because of the lawsuits, he voided his life insurance contract by committing suicide, and she will lose her luxurious home. Stressed, Mrs. Mott goes into pre-term labor, loses her baby, and undergoes an emergency hysterectomy. While recovering in the hospital, she sees a news story identifying Claire as the one who reported her husband, and she swears revenge. Six months later, Claire has given birth to her son, Joey. Looking for a nanny, she unknowingly hires Mrs. Mott, who is going under the alias "Peyton Flanders." Mrs. Mott wages a campaign to undermine Claire in her household. She frequently breastfeeds Joey in secret; this causes him to reject Claire, as he stops taking Claire's milk. Mrs. Mott encourages Claire's daughter Emma to keep secrets from her mother, tries to turn Emma against Claire, and secretly destroys Michael's office proposal. Knowing that Claire's close friend Marlene had been Michael's ex-girlfriend before he married Claire, Mrs. Mott also suggests to Michael that he arrange a surprise party for Claire, leading Marlene and Michael to meet in secret. Claire accuses Michael of having an affair with Marlene, only to find the party-goers waiting in the next room. Solomon, an intellectually disabled handyman who has been assisting the Bartels and is friendly with Emma, discovers Mrs. Mott breastfeeding Joey. To prevent him from exposing her, Mrs. Mott implies to Claire that she believes Solomon may be molesting Emma. Mrs. Mott then plants a pair of Emma's panties in Solomon's toolbox, leading Claire to fire him. Emma tells Claire that Solomon never did anything to her. Claire doesn't believe Emma, causing her to turn against her mother, as Mrs. Mott had planned. Unknown to the family, except for Emma, Solomon keeps a watchful eye over them. A now wary Claire begins to suspect "Peyton's" hand in all recent incidents and suggests to Michael that they should take a family vacation without "Peyton". Mrs. Mott overhears their conversation from the other room over the baby monitor, and the next morning she boobytraps the greenhouse for Claire. Marlene discovers Mrs. Mott's identity, but before she can get in touch with Claire, Mrs. Mott tricks her into going into the greenhouse, where she is killed by the falling glass ceiling when she swings the door open. Knowing that Claire suffers from asthma, Mrs. Mott empties all of Claire's inhalers and takes Joey out for a walk. When Claire arrives back home and finds Marlene's bloodied, glass-covered body, she has an asthma attack and is briefly hospitalized. As Michael is distraught over both Marlene's death and his wife's condition, Mrs. Mott attempts to seduce him, but he rejects her advances. Claire eventually uncovers the truth about Mrs. Mott, confronts her, and reveals the truth to Michael just as Mrs. Mott claims that she and Michael are having an affair. Michael denies this claim and kicks Mrs. Mott out. Claire tells Michael to call the police when she realizes that Mrs. Mott was behind Marlene's death and that she was the intended target. Michael tells Claire to get Emma and Joey so that they can head to a hotel for safety. Mrs. Mott breaks into the house and lures Michael down to the basement where she hits him with a shovel, knocking him down the stairs and breaking his legs. Mrs. Mott attempts to take Emma and Joey, but after seeing Mrs. Mott assault her mother, Emma locks Mrs. Mott in the nursery. Mrs. Mott escapes and hears Joey in the attic. She enters and sees Solomon aiding the kids' escape. When Claire enters, Mrs. Mott attempts to kill her but stops after Claire appears to be having another asthma attack, prompting Mrs. Mott to mock her. As Mrs. Mott tries to take Joey, Claire gets back up, having faked her asthma attack, and pushes Mrs. Mott out of the window, impaling her on the picket fence and killing her. Touched at how Solomon risked his life to protect her family, Claire welcomes him back into their lives. As they leave the attic, the police and paramedics arrive. 