 Fathers' Day (1997)44) A woman cons two old boyfriends into searching for her runaway son by convincing both that they are the boy's father. Jack Lawrence is a smart aleck lawyer who is one day visited by an ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid was his. Enter Dale Putley, a depressed goofball who is also a writer, meets with the same ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid is his. One day Jack and Dale meet and discover what had happened: they've been told the same story and now there's a question of who the real father is. They learn their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around. So Jack and Dale hit the road to Sacramento and find their drunk, love-struck son. Soon after they bring him back to their hotel room, their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again, bring him home, and find out which one of them is the real father. Dylan Self <Robocoptng986127@aol.com> Dale Putley (Robin Williams) is an eccentric, depressed writer. Jack Lawrence (Billy Crystal) is an uptight lawyer with a decent relationship. The two have nothing in common (they haven't even MET each other), except for one thing: they've both screwed Collette Andrews (Natassja Kinski) at some point. When her teenage son, Scotty, runs away, Collette has no choice but con Jack and Dale into finding him for her. Why? Because she never knew which one was Scott's father. When the two men meet and find out about her scheme, they decide to come look for him. They find Scotty at a concert, and the trip back home becomes a chaotic adventure as the two feuding personalities attempt to not only try to keep the kid close to them, but help him with his own personal problems as well. But could Scotty be actually be in more trouble than the trio ever thought? Scotty's real father After Scott has a fight with his father and runs away and when his father refuses to go after him. His mother, Collette, then goes to one of her former boyfriends, Jack, a lawyer, and tells him that he's her son's real father. Jack initially refuses. So she goes to another boyfriend, Dale, who goes off looking for Scott. Eventually the two men meet and realize that they are looking for the same boy and that Collette told them they are the boy's father. What follows is a mad chase, cause the boy doesn't want to go back. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 