 Nuns on the Run (1990)44) 2 criminals want out but their boss kills those leaving. When the men are ordered to rob the triad, they keep the money and hide from the boss, triad and police at a convent, dressed as nuns. Brian and Charlie work for a gangster. When their boss learns they want to "leave", he sets them up to be killed, after they help rob the local Triads of their drug dealing profits. They decide to steal the money for themselves, but when their escape doesn't go to plan, they have to seek refuge in a nuns' teacher training school. Disguised as nuns, they have to avoid their boss, Triads, the police, and Brian's girlfriend. There's also the problem of them being men disguised as nuns in an all women institution. Rob Hartill Having decided that a life of crime is overly dangerous for them, the second-rate criminals, Brian Hope and Charlie McManus, summon up the courage to go straight. With only one last job standing in the way of early retirement, instead, Charlie and Brian will find themselves with a leather suitcase crammed with cash belonging to the Chinese Triad. Now, everyone is after them, and to save their skin, the boys hole up in a nearby convent, disguising themselves as a pair of nuns. But, can the desperate outlaws pass themselves off as sisters, and in the process, stay alive? Nick Riganas Brian Hope and Charlie McManus have long worked as criminals in London, doing hold-ups and the like. With the changing times in it being more violent and now working for a new young, brash boss named Casey who epitomizes that violence, Brian and Charlie contemplate leaving the business, but realize that it is not as easy as telling Casey of their intention. The one bright light for Brian is, in the course of their work, meeting a naive, extremely nearsighted young woman named Faith Thomas, for who he starts to fall. With their latest assignment to steal drug money from a Chinese Triad, Brian and Charlie sense an opportunity to take the money and run for a new life in South America, not aware that Casey has his own plan for the pair with this job. While the job against the Triad doesn't come off according to anyone's plan, be it Brian, Charlie or Casey, Brian and Charlie are able to run off with the two briefcases full of cash and hide out in disguise in the first place they come across: as nuns in a convent. Brian and Charlie not only have to elude Casey and his men, the Triad, and the police who are all after them, but maintain their assumed identities of Sisters Inviolata and Euphemia to the other nuns of the convent, they who may fall prey especially to the young, nubile young novices. Further complications ensue when Faith reenters Brian's life, she who may factor into what he specifically decides to do. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 