 Impromptu (1991)431) In 1830s France, pianist/composer Frdric Chopin is pursued romantically by the determined, individualistic woman who uses the name George Sand . 1830s Paris. Novelist George Sand (Judy Davis), who is known to be writing her memoirs, is causing a sensation in the literary scene not only for the quality of her writing, but because of her extreme views and manners, including blurring the lines between the sexes - she generally wearing men's clothes - and her non-belief in the sanctity of marriage after having gone through the institution once before, now preferring sexual liaisons outside of her own wedlock, with the marital status of her lovers of no concern to her. She is just coming to the end of a turbulent affair with Jean Pierre Flicien Mallefille (Georges Corraface), who she is now trying to avoid in his continual pursuit of her. Despite thinking it will be a bore because of their insufferable hostess, she invites herself to a weekend gathering of some of France's greatest artistic and creative minds - many who are attending solely for a weekend of free food - at the country estate of the Duke (Anton Rodgers) and Duchess D'Antan (Dame Emma Thompson) in Angers. George's want to attend is largely to get away from Mallefille, but also to meet visiting Polish composer Frdric Chopin (Hugh Grant), who is an acquaintance of her cohabiting friends, Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt (Julian Sands) and Countess Marie D'Agoult (Bernadette Peters). Marie largely acts as George's confidante. George has fallen in love with Chopin through his music, not even yet having met the man. George spends the weekend and beyond pursuing the sensitive and somewhat sickly Chopin, her conquest of him which may be difficult due to their fundamental differences. That conquest is made even more difficult by other guests of the Duke and Duchess: Mallefille; writer Alfred De Musset (Mandy Patinkin), another of George's former lovers; two hellions also known as her adolescent children, onto who she has passed her relaxed views of the world; and Marie, who George does not know wants to have a sexual liaison with Chopin behind Liszt's back. Huggo Novelist George Sand (Judy Davis) falls in love with composer Frdric Chopin ( Hugh Grant ). She tries to profess her love for him at a weekend hosted by pretentious, artistically minded Duchess D'Antan (Dame Emma Thompson) for famous musicians, artists, and writers of the day. The gentle and sickly Chopin is wary of the outspoken Sand, but finds himself strangely drawn to her as well. Liza Esser <essereli@student.msu.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin (previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels), now lives under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before meeting him, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though also advised to avoid damaging his health by pursuing Chopin. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman (the mistress of Franz Liszt) the Countess Marie d'Agoult, acting like she is smitten with Chopin to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in 1836[3] in the French countryside house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, hoping to meet Chopin, not knowing that a few of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy and specifically mocking their hostess, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting it to him passionately. And after buying a copy of her memoir, he finds the text of the letter in the book. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris. 