 Arrival II (1998)Summaries A computer hacker (Patrick Muldoon) learns of the plot of the backwards-kneed aliens to take over the Earth using their shape-shifting talents. After Zane Ziminski is found dead five people received envelopes with details of an alien invasion. This group of five includes 3 scientists, Zane's brother Jack, and a reporter. Quickly, the group is down to three and then Jack and Bridget, the reporter. With a small piece of alien technology, they must escape from the aliens, who take human form, and try to convince others of the existence of aliens. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> In Montreal, the unruly computer expert Jack Addison receives an envelope with the information that his stepbrother Zane Ziminski had died of a heart attack in Alaska. Jack goes to bar after-hours where he meets Sandra Wolf and they have one night stand. When he opens the envelope, he finds photos and information about an alien invasion and a letter scheduling an encounter at a refrigerating chamber in an isolated place. Jack believes Zack is delusional but he goes to the spot where he meets the investigative reporter Bridget Riordan and the scientists Prof. Nelson Zarcoff, Trevor Aguilar and Tom Billings. Jack finds an alien device in a hidden bag and Trevor feels the cold and reveals as an alien. He activates a sphere that sucks everything around and Tom and he are sucked by the artifact. However Jack and Bridget escape together, and Zarcoff also succeeds to escape, but is killed in his hotel room by an alien weapon. Meanwhile Jack goes home to see Sandra and finds that his apartment was also sucked. Further Sandra is an alien and together with her partner Wotan, they hunt Jack and Bridget down. Will they succeed to warn the earthlings and stop the alien invasion? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 