 Are You Afraid of the Dark? (19902000)321) A group of teenagers get together in the woods, and tell ghost stories. A group of teens calling themselves "The Midnight Society" spends each episode sitting around a campfire swapping scary stories. Creepy, but never gory or excessively frightening, common subjects included haunted houses, what goes on behind the neighbor's walls, and other things that go bump in the night. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gary, a young Canadian teen with a love for magic and the supernatural, hosts a weekly club in the woods at night called "The Midnight Society", where a group of friends get together and take turns sharing scary stories. Kiki is the strong and sharp-witted member, David is the shy and quiet member, Betty Ann is the resourceful and clever member, Eric is the goofy youngster member, and Kristen is the pretty and dramatic member. They're accepting a new initiate, Frank, a tough and quick-tempered teen who completes the club. To introduce a story, members toss a handful of sugar into a blazing campfire, reciting the words, "submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society, I call this story..." followed by the story's title. David harbors a crush on Kristen, while Frank reveals a more emotional side to himself through his unspoken fear of the dark. The club develops a love for two reoccurring characters in their scary stories: a sleazy and greedy but kind-hearted magic shop owner named Mr. Sardo, and a creepy, eccentric and mean-spirited (albeit dapper and well-spoken) gentleman named Dr. Vink (not to be confused with "Dr. Fink", and he's NOT a "nutbag!") Later on, the Midnight Society welcomes three new members after David, Kristen and Frank move away. Samantha (going by "Sam") is a beautiful girl-next-door type who Gary develops a crush on, while Tucker, Gary's pesky but well-meaning little brother, joins up, too. Stig, a chubby boy with bad hygiene, shares one of the most popular and well-received scary stories. Sam begins dating Gary after a tenuous friendship that blossoms during Sam's telling of a story about a vampire in an Ontario children's hospital. As the members age out, Tucker takes over the Midnight Society, introducing his own members: a fat boy with a poetic soul and talent for music named Andy, a wealthy and pretty blonde named Megan, a childish and boisterous tomboy named Vange, and a tough extrovert named Quinn. They conclude their Midnight Society club with a story about a ghostly nurse haunting the house of an elderly gentleman. 