 Space Jam (1996)541) In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, Michael Jordan . Swackhammer, owner of the amusement park planet Moron Mountain is desperate get new attractions and he decides that the Looney Tune characters would be perfect. He sends his diminutive underlings to get them to him, whether Bugs Bunny and Co. want to go or not. Well armed for their size, Bugs Bunny is forced to trick them into agreeing to a competition to determine their freedom. Taking advantage of their puny and stubby legged foes, the gang selects basketball for the surest chance of winning. However, the Nerdlucks turn the tables and steal the talents of leading professional basketball stars to become massive basketball bruisers known as the Monstars. In desperation, Bugs Bunny calls on the aid of Michael Jordan, the Babe Ruth of basketball, to help them have a chance at winning their freedom. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> After winning the third championship with the Chicago Bulls, Michael Jordan announces his retirement from basketball and declares his intention to play baseball. Meanwhile, deep in space, on another planet called Moron Mountain, an outer space theme park, Mr. Swackhammer sends five tiny aliens known as the Nerdlucks to go to Looney Tune Land and capture all the Looney Tune characters and take them to Moron Mountain. But the Looney Tunes think of a plan to find a way to escape slavery on Moron Mountain. And Bugs Bunny decided to defend themselves by challenging the Nerdlucks to a basketball game. Then the Nerdlucks use their strange powers to steal the talent of five NBA stars such as Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing, Muggsy Bogues, Larry Johnson, and Shawn Bradley which they'll ultimately transform themselves into the tallest and muscular Monstars. It's up to Michael Jordan to help the Looney Tunes play a basketball game vs. the Monstars. But if the Monstars win, then Swackhammer gets the Looney Tunes, and along with Jordan to Moron Mountain. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Retired basketball NBA champion Michael Jordan teams up with the Looney Tunes and forms a basketball team with them. The tune squad challenge the monstars from moron mountain to a basketball game and makes a deal with Michael Jordan. If the Monstars lose they have to give Michael Jordan's other retired players their talent back. If Michael loses then he will be signing autographs all day. Who knows what the outcome will be in this epic battle of basketball. Steve Shedloski Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Michael Jeffery Jordan, as a young 10-year-old boy, has a dream to become a famous sports player at the National Basketball Association. Many years later in 1993, Michael retires from his job at NBA and instead plays professional baseball which he isn't as good at. up in outer space, there exists a giant dark evil alien space theme amusement park planet called "The Planet Moron Mountain Theme Park". The dark evil alien owner, founder and president of the park, Mr Smackhammer, is tired of getting less customers. and decides that the park needs a new attraction. after thinking about it, he comes across a perfect gang of crazy cartoon character animals named the Looney Toons who live in a cartoon 2-Dimensional animated fictional universe underground Planet Earth, he sends his short little mischievously evil Nerdluck Moron alien minions, Pound, Bang, Bupkus, Blanko and Nawt, on a mission to Earth to capture the Looney Toons. They arrive underground Earth in the cartoon universe, Bugs Bunny Esq. the Toons' leader and a clever large grey hare-like rabbit, is being chased through the deep toon forest by his archenemy and a hunter of the dark wild, Elmer J. Fudd who nearly catches him, but is flattened by the Nerdlucks' spaceship when it lands. Bugs calls up all the Looney Toons for a big emergency meeting at the Toon-Town Schlesinger Union Hall, where the Nerdlucks announce their evil plan to take them as slaves for attractions in the theme park. Bugs convinces them that they need to give the Looney Toons a chance to defend themselves, and challenges them to a big sports battle of basketball since they're too small to jump high and the Nerdlucks accept, knowing very little of basketball but have a secret plan. they break into a basketball game in the NBA back in the real world and force their way inside their best players, and they steal all of their skills and strength. It isn't long before the Nerdlucks absorb the abilities and strength of the NBA players and mutate into giant monsters, known as the Monstars. Meanwhile in the real world, Michael meets a publicist assistant helper named Stanley "Stan" Podolack. who wants to make him happier, to make his life easier and to make sure that no one bothers him. Michael, Stan and their actor friends, William "Bill" Murray and Lawrence "Larry" Bird go to play golf a day or two later. Bugs, secretly hiding underground, uses his electromagnet to suck Michael's golf ball into the golf hole after he has hit the ball. then uses a lasso to pull and suck Michael in. Bugs explains to him that aliens want to take them as prisoners and that he's their only hope, Michael isn't sure at first 'cause he hasn't had experience of basketball in years, though after being introduced to the Looney Toons, The Monstars and their union hall gym, he decides to join the team. Bugs also meets a female rabbit named "Lola Bunny" who's experienced with basketball as well. Michael soon realises that he needs his sports gear, so Bugs and his jealous frenemy, a large black foolish and selfish duck named Daffy Dumas Horacio Tiberius Armando Sheldon Duck go to his house in the night and grab his shoes and shorts, after narrowly surviving getting attacked by Michael's pet bulldog Charlie (named after Charlie Barkley) by being saved by Michael's children. Bugs tells them about the game but tells them to keep it secret. After practising for the game, Stan digs underground looking for Michael and finds him underground in the cartoon world. Stan is hired to be a cheerleader. The ultimate sports basketball battle begins that night at the Toon Stadium Arena. The Monstars win the first part, but Michael and the Looney Toons win the second part after drinking some magical powerful sports drink of Michael's that Bugs gives to them "The Secret Stuff (secretly just water)". Michael and Smackhammer then make a deal for Michael to go to Moron Mountain if they lose, and the Monstars win the fourth part and the Looney Toons have lots of injuries. Then Stan and Bill (who also makes it to the Toon world with the help of Ivan Reitman) start playing in the game and Michael scores the final goal, the Toons all win. Then the Monstars send Smackhammer off to the moon after realising that they have more power than him, and then they shrink back to their normal size again and give their abilities and strength to Michael. the Nerdlucks try to be Looney but accidentally get shot and disintegrated to eyeballs. Michael returns home in time for a baseball game and Bugs falls in love with Lola. Michael resumes his career of basketball in 1995 and Bill retires. Michael gives the talent, skills, abilities and strength back to the NBA and the film ends. 