 Venus Beauty Institute (1999)44) Employees of a beauty parlor in search of love and happiness. Madam Nadine manages with pride the "Vnus beaut" Salon which offers relaxation, massage and make-up services. The owner and her three beauticians: Samantha, Marianne and Angle are pros. Contrary to her friend Marianne, who still dreams of the big day, Angle no longer believes in love. Marie, the youngest of the three employees, discovers love in the hands of a sixty year-old former pilot, who risks everything... L.H. Wong <lhw@sfs.org.sg> Christmas and New Year's Eve are approaching. Angle, who's over 40, picks up men for anonymous sex; yet when Antoine, an unkempt younger man (who's overheard one of her sex partners rudely dismiss her) declares that he loves her and wants to be with her, she pushes him away. What's at the root of her mistrust of love? She works at the Vnus beaut salon, where the relationships and loves of her clients and of her boss and two co-workers contrast with her own. Out of loneliness, she occasionally contacts an old boyfriend, but their schedules never click. Antoine continues to hang about, even though he has a fiance. Is there any route to happiness for Angle? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Das "Venus Beaute" ist ein kleiner Schnheitssalon, geschmckt mit blauen Neonrhren und einer Vitrine voll von pastellfarbenen Cremetpfchen. Tonie Marshall erzhlt von den Mitarbeiterinnen Angle, Nadine, Samantha und Marie. Angle ist vllig verschmolzen mit diesem rosafarbenen Paradies, in dem auch ein lterer Pilot, eine Exhibitionistin und andere Entspannung finden. Nach der Arbeit geht sie oft aus und flirtet mit Mnnern. Auch eine Lesbierin verliebt sich in Angle. Da begegnet ihr Antoine, der im nchsten Monat seine Verlobte heiraten will. Von Ex Jacques und den lesbischen Tanten genervt, setzt sie alles daran, Antoine zu gewinnen... Mars It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 