 Getting Any? (1994)44) Obsessed with the idea of owning his first car so he can have sex in it, a young man takes any job he can find and ends up in an escalating series of crazy situations. A slapstick comedy, about a goofy middle-aged man who is obsessed with the idea of having car sex. While pursuing his 'dream', he makes all the wrong moves possible, and ends up enrolling in a number of crazy escapades. Anonymous From the acclaimed director Takeshi Kitano [Fireworks, Kikujiro] comes a bizarre, over the top and absurd comedy full of slapstick silliness and never ending gags. A great satire of Japanese society and popular cinema, Getting Any?, embraces the spirit of Kitano's early stand-up and television work and as such it offers a genuine inside look into his true personality. The story follows the nerdy middle age Asao, a professional daydreamer, whose one and only goal in life is - as the title suggests - to get laid. Asao embarks on a series of slapstick adventures in search of fulfilling his ultimate fantasy - making wild passionate sex with a woman. His holy quest for sex lands Asao in a series of absurd situations, involving robbery schemes, big movie productions, yakuza gang rivalry wars and scientific experiments. Getting Any? may be very episodic and perhaps even pointless in the grand scheme of things, but for those willing to go for it, it's a hoot from start to finish. Zoltan Furedi Asao is a daydreamer who fantasizes about having wild, passionate sex in a car. Since he has neither a car nor a girlfriend, he embarks on a series of slapstick adventures in search of both: he sells his grandfather's internal organs, robs a bank, steals an armored car, searches for buried treasure, becomes an actor in a Zatoichi movie, joins the yakuza, and even becomes an experimental subject in a human-invisibility project. Serdar Yegulalp <serdar@thegline.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 