 South Park (1997 )651) Follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade-schoolers in the quiet, dysfunctional town of South Park, Colorado. The curious, adventure-seeking, fourth grade group of 10 year old boys, Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny, all join in in buffoonish adventures that sometimes evolve nothing. Sometimes something that was simple at the start, turns out to get out of control. Everything is odd in the small mountain town, South Park, and the boys always find something to do with it. "South Park" follows four boys in the tiny mountain town of South Park, Colorado. Kyle Broflovski is a young Jewish boy with a strong moral center, who often encounters struggles with the other boys because of his religion and his strict, orthodox family. Stan Marsh, a pessimistic but kind hearted child living with his rather idiotic family is Kyle's best friend. They are joined by their #1 frenemy, Eric Cartman, a fat, hateful "and hated", and foul-mouthed bully and his mistreated, impoverished sidekick Kenneth McCormick "often called simply Kenny". Together, the boys seem to bring out the very best and worst in eachother as they embark on hilarious adventures throughout their school, neighborhood, and world. South Park is an animated series featuring four foul-mouthed 4th graders, Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman. The show is set in the Colorado town of South Park where weird things keep happening, whether its being abducted by aliens or avoiding Kyle's little brother Ike. Losman <losman@express-news.net> In South Park, Colorado, we follow the adventures of four foul-mouthed fourth-graders: Eric Cartman, the rude, obnoxious, sadistic, racist, fat kid; Stan Marsh, a quiet kid with a huge crush on Wendy Testaberger (he usually vomits whenever he talks to her or when something gross occurs); Kyle Brofloski, the religious Jewish kid who Cartman picks on for being Jewish; and Kenny, the orange parka-hooded kid who dies every episode. Of course, most of the time, something weird usually happens including aliens planting a chip in Cartman's anus and Michael Jackson moves into the neighborhood. Other wild adventures include: the boys blaming their parents for child molestation and Cartman feeding Scott Tenorman his parents in chili. A movie was given in the early seasons in 1999. And the boys enjoy their Terrence & Philip, a Canadian comedy duo (which the parents were against in the movie). Alex Madison <RavenSymone2905> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This adult animated show follows the exploits of for boys in the quiet mountain town of South Park, Colorado. Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Eric fight the forces of evil, including genetically engineered towels, crab people, man/bear/pig hybrids, TV execs, and each other. The four boys face the challenges of growing up with crazy parents, crazy friends, and crazy people. This Emmy winning series explores topics like homosexuality, death, the media, and education in every episode. 