 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)66) A world-class playboy and part-time secret agent from the 1960s emerges after thirty years in a cryogenic state to battle with his nemesis Dr. Evil. Austin Powers is a 60's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 1990's. The world is a very different place for Powers. Unfortunately for Austin, everyone is no longer sex-mad. Although he may be in a different decade, his mission is still the same. He has teamed up with Vanessa Kensington to stop the evil Dr. Evil, who was also frozen in the past. Dr. Evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 90's) 100 billion dollars. Can Austin Powers stop this madman? or will he caught up with Evil's henchman, with names like Alotta Fagina and Random Task? Only time will tell! simon A 1960's British hipster secret agent Austin Powers is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest arch-enemy Dr. Evil into the 1990s. 30 years later, Austin was then released and is now thawed back into action to once again battle Dr. Evil where he wakes up somewhere in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage. After Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil he gets a new sexy sidekick Miss Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and they go to Vegas where they must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world for 100 billion dollars! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It's a smashing shagadelic party as Mike Myers and Elizabeth Hurley star in a non-stop, hilarious comedy adventure. Frozen in the '60s, secret agent Austin Powers (Myers) is thawed back into action to once again battle his archenemy Dr. Evil. With his sexy sidekick Ms. Kensington (Hurley), Austin must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world. But first, this time-warped swinger must get hip quick and discover that there's no free love in the '90s. An all-star supporting cast including Michael York, Robert Wagner, Mimi Rogers and Carrie Fisher make Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery a wacky, far-out trip you won't forget. British secret agent Austin Powers was placed into cryostasis at the end of the 60s, in case a spy of his talent was ever needed again. A spoof spy movie ensues when he's thawed out in the 90s... Jim Sabo In 1967, after burning most of his henchmen, Dr. Evil sets a trap for Austin Powers, but freezes himself so Austin won't catch him. Austin then volunteers to be frozen in case Dr. Evil shows up again. 30 years later, Dr. Evil wakes up in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage for 1 million dollars. Sorry, 100 billion dollars. Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil but gets Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and goes to Vegas to look for Evil, but finds out there is no longer any free love in the 90's, or Swinging. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 