 Flodder in Amerika! (1992)321) The mayor of Zonnedael sees a chance to get rid of the Flodder family and sends them for an international exchange to New York. The mayor of Zonnedael sees a chance to get rid of the Flodder family and sends them for an international exchange to New York. There they get confused with a Russian delegation of medical doctors while the street worker Werner who accompanies them becomes imprisoned. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Councilmembers of Zonnedael have welcomed an American delegation to arrange a cultural exchange program, in which an average Dutch and American family will live in each others country for a year, or longer if the experiment is a success. The Americans have the outstanding Johnson family ready to come over, and are shown a picture of the Flodder family, who have been selected as the Dutch candidates. The major has to take some liberties with the truth to explain their ragged appearance, but social worker Jaques 'Sjakie' van Kooten, who has become the Flodders' contact person, is horrified to learn that the mayor has only selected the antisocial family to be rid of them for a whole year, even hoping that they will disappear for good. However, to maintain an appearance of responsibility, he sends Sjakie, who is 'friends' with the family, along on the journey to keep an eye on them. The Flodders, who are still living in the ruins of their villa that was destroyed at the end of the previous film, have agreed with the exchange program because the council has promised to rebuild their house while they are gone. They are saying goodbye to the house (much to the relief of the neighbors) and are getting ready for the trip (even their dog Whisky is packed up). Of course their journey to the USA is riddled with incidents: they force a taxi driver to take all family members and their luggage into one taxi against regulations; Johnnie has several unpaid fines that Sjakie needs to settle; customs has to impound several illegal weapons; in the plane, Ma smokes and Johnnie intimidates the crew to allow them access to business class seats, and brother and sister Kees cause the plane to do a nosedive at one point. After arriving in New York City, Sjakie goes off to arrange transport to their hotel. However, while navigating the busy airport, the Flodders inadvertently take the luggage of a group of Russians. This causes a limousine driver to mistake the Flodders for a Russian delegation of doctors who have come over to attend a Medical Convention organized by the Roosevelt Foundation. The Flodders are totally unaware of the confusion, thinking that Sjakie has arranged the limousine and will join them later. In the meanwhile, Sjakie returns with a van, but is unable to locate the Flodders. When the van is impounded because it was parked in a tow-zone, he calls the American exchange delegation, who advise him to come over to their office. The Flodders are brought to New York's Plaza Hotel, where the manager welcomes them as honored guests, even bending hotel rules by allowing their dog. The family members immerse themselves in all the luxuries that the place has to offer, and make a tourist trip through the Big Apple. When they return to the hotel, they hear that the Roosenvelt Foundation has invited them to a special gala that evening. Sjakie's luck, in the meanwhile, has taken a turn for the worst. Due to traffic, he arrives at a closed office. The hotel that he had arranged is completely booked, so he is forced to stay at a hotel used by local prostitutes. He calls the major of Zonnedael to notify them of the missing Flodders, who promises to help (but doesn't). The Flodders are taken to the Roosevelt Foundation gala, under the erroneous impression that it is a welcoming party that Sjakie has organized for them. The gala guests still believe that the Flodders are Russian doctors, which is the source of much mutual confusion. Daughter Kees meets a young yuppie called Geoffrey there, who is clearly smitten with her, much to the annoyance of Johnnie who has a run-in with Geoffrey's bodyguards. He gives her his card with his phone number. It is not until the end of the evening that the Foundation finds out that the Flodders are impostors, but they have already left for their hotel. When they arrive there, word of who they really are has already reached the Plaza's manager, who immediately throws them out (of course not after Ma has retaliated). The Flodders spend the night in Central Park and rip off a hot-dog vendor the next morning for breakfast. They find a phone number in Sjakie's luggage. Sjakie is sitting at the cultural exchange office when Johnnie finally reaches him by phone. He tells the Flodders to wait for them at Central Park, but loses his glasses in a grate and subsequently gets his hand stuck trying to retrieve them. After being ignored, mugged and even peed on during the night, a helpful hobo called Bill frees him from his position. In the park, the Flodders witness a man getting mugged and beaten up by three gang members. With concentrated efforts, the Flodders easily knock out the gang. The victim, Larry Rosenbaum, is grateful for their help, and invites them over to his house for a drink. Sjakie and Bill are having a meal at a homeless shelter, where Sjakie learns that the man hates the social services for not helping homeless people, so Sjakie claims to be a fireman. There is a sudden violent altercation in the restaurant, and when the police arrive, Sjakie and Bill are being taken and detained for assault for several days. Despite pleas from Sjakie, he isn't allowed to make a call. The Flodders are now in Larry's nightclub called the Moulin Rouge, which has fallen on harsh times. However, Larry's wife, the club's beautiful stripper, sees potential in daughter Kees. The Rosenbaums offer the Flodders to help renovate the club in exchange for bed and board. Over the next three days, the Flodders transform the club back to its former glory. Larry even gives them a car, and to their delight, they notice that gasoline is very cheap in the USA. Sjakie, who has just been released from prison, just happens to see them on the street, but he is hit by a car before they notice him. Geoffrey, frustrated by the fact that Kees hasn't called him, goes looking for her. He is furious to learn from the Plaza manager that he has kicked her and her family out. He threatens with actions from his apparently influential father, while the manager apologizes profusely for not realizing that the Flodders were his personal friends. Geoffrey decides to go look for the family, That evening, the Moulin Rouge has its grand reopening. The entire family is working in the club, and daughter Kees steals the show with a striptease act. At the same time, Sjakie is brought to the ER while unconscious, where he is confused with another patient, and inadvertently has a sex change operation which angers him when he awakens. The next day, son Kees is daydreaming about girls playing basketball naked when he has a run-in with the thugs from Central Park. He manages to flee with Johnnie and his sister in the car, which leads to a wild car chase that ends with the thugs crashing into Wall Street. However, the Flodders are also apprehended. They are taken to the police station, but immediately released when one of the officers finds Geoffrey's card in Johnnie's pocket. Geoffrey catches up with them, and negotiates a fee with Johnnie for a date with his sister. Johnnie, who has been flirting with Larry's wife, finds out that his brother Kees has been stealing gasoline from the guests' cars, and has put it into the water tank on the roof to take back to the Netherlands; however, Kees hasn't realized that he can't take it with him in the plane. We then learn that Geoffrey is the son of the American President, who is dismayed to hear that Geoffrey is dating a lower class girl. The President decides to handle this matter himself, and goes to the Moulin Rouge in disguise to have a talk with Kees, who has just finished a singing act and is changing her clothes. In the meanwhile, Larry catches Johnnie and his wife having sex, and enraged, he grabs a shotgun and starts chasing Johnnie around, until Ma comes in and subdues Larry. In the ensuing mayhem, the police arrive and catch the President in a room with a barely-dressed Kees, and Ma's cigar inadvertently causes a fire that lights the gasoline-filled tank on the roof. It fires away like a rocket, and blows up the head of the Statue of Liberty. The next day, the Flodders learn from an emasculated Sjakie and the Dutch ambassador that no charges will be filed against them, but they will need to return to the Netherlands immediately. Of course they manage to get some VIP treatment in exchange for their silence about the President's involvement in the incident. They return by plane, laughing about the fact that Sjakie is reading a magazine with male nudes. 