 Diabolique (1996)44) The wife and mistress of the sadistic dean of an exclusive prep school conspire to murder him. The wife and mistress of a cruel school master collaborate in a carefully planned and executed attempt to murder him. The plan goes well until the body, which has been strategically dumped, disappears. The strain starts to tell on the two women as a retired police investigator who is looking into the disappearance on a whim begins to think that they know more than they are telling, and their mental state is not helped when their victim is seen, apparently alive and well by one of the pupils. Mark Thompson <mrt@oasis.icl.co.uk> Guy Baran is the dean of an old school inherited by his wife, the teacher Mia Baran that has heart disease. Guy is an abusive husband and has a love affair with his mistress Nicole Horner, who is a school teacher in the same school. One day, Nicole and Mia plot a scheme to murder Guy. However, Nicole and Mia believe that someone knows the truth. When the snoopy retired Detective Shirley Vogel investigates the disappearance, Mia freaks out. What might have happened to Guy Baran? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It is no secret that the tyrannical headmaster of the prestigious St. Anselm School for Boys, Guy Baran, is abusing his fragile, chronically ill wife, Mia. What people don't know, apart from Mia, is that Guy and his peroxide-blonde mistress, Nicole Horner, a hard-bitten fellow teacher at the school, have been dating for quite some time now. However, she, too, has been enduring his maltreatment, and after careful and meticulous planning, Mia and Nicole pluck up the courage to rid themselves of Guy. But, there is no such thing as a foolproof plan, and the inquisitive private investigator, Shirley Vogel, is starting to smell a rat. What will happen when the truth comes to light? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 