 Khalnayak (1993)66) A prison guard goes undercover as a dancer to try and recapture an escaped criminal and restore her police inspector boyfriend's reputation. Ballu (Sanjay Dutt), a notorious, cunning, and unscrupulous criminal who's wanted by the police for a plethora of murders and thefts. Bright and ambitious Inspector Ram (Jackie Shroff) finally arrests him, only to have Ballu escape right under his nose. So Ram's lovely girlfriend Ganga (Madhuri Dixit) volunteers to go undercover, to trap Ballu and help restore Ram's reputation. Things get more complicated, however, when Ballu falls for her, and she finds that she isn't entirely immune to his charms. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Aarti is waiting since years that her son Ballu might return back.Ballu meanwhile has turned into gangster and lodged in jail arrested by Inspector Ram Sinha.Ram wants Ballu to disclose details of his boss Roshiba but Ballu won't bow down and challenges Ram that he would soon escape from the jail.The security arrangements are made tight in the jail.But Ballu still manages to escape on the said date while Ram is away spending time with his fiance inspector Ganga.Ram is lashed in media for Ballu's escape.But Ganga wants to give him his pride back and goes to track Ballu as an undercover officer.Ganga finds that Ballu is a good heart ed man who turned to crime due to poverty.Ballu starts to fall in love with Ganga but her only mission is to get Ram's pride back. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Balaram Prasad alias Ballu is wanted by the police for various criminal offenses only to be nabbed by police inspector Ram Kumar Sinha. Ram then lodges Ballu in a cell so as to get a confession out of him but Ballu escapes leaving Ram with an ill-omen-ed reputation among his seniors and superiors forcing Ram's prison-warden girl-friend, Ganga to take a stand by inducting herself into Ballu's gang. All hell break loose when Ballu falls in love with Ganga and on the other hand her reality stands exposed while she is being used as a shield from the police by Ballu and his gang. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Police Inspector Ram manages to bring the multiple murderer Balu to justice, only to have him escape from while the Inspector is visiting his girlfriend, prison guard Ganga. To help her boyfriend recover his reputation, Ganga decides to go undercover as a belly dancer in order to attract Balu and infiltrate his gang. She succeeds in doing this, but finds herself gradually being drawn to the handsome fugitive. Will her feelings for Ram win out in the end, or will she spending time behind bars with Balu? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Police Inspector Ram Kumar Sinha entraps notorious gangster and arch-criminal, Balaram Prasad alias Ballu, arrests him and holds for a court appearance, only to find out that Ballu has escaped. Ram's superiors hold him responsible for this lapse, and suspend him. Ram's sweetheart, Ganga, who is employed as a prison guard, volunteers to go incognito to entrap Ballu and bring him to justice. She successfully infiltrates herself into Ballu's gang, and soon becomes one of his most trusted aides. Ballu's starts falling in love with Ganga. And then all hell breaks lose when Ballu comes across Ganga's Identification Card. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 