 Major Saab (1998)55) An Army Major decides to tame a persistent rule breaker who is bent on being discharged. However the trainee changes his plan when he falls in love and needs the Major's help in rescuing his beau. Virendra Pratap Singh lives a wealthy, yet careless lifestyle in India. When his father passes away, he hopes to inherit the entire estate and wealth, but is unable to do so due to a stipulation in the will that he must join a military academy as per family traditions, and failure to do so may forfeit his claim to this inheritance. He reluctantly joins the National Defence Academy, expects to break every possible rule, and be discharged. His training officer is Major Jasbir Singh Rana, who takes it upon himself not to discharge Virendra under any circumstance, even when Virendra runs away twice. Then Virendra's plans change when he meets with and falls in love with Nisha, who lives a very wealthy lifestyle with her gangster brother, Shankar. Virendra decides to continue training so that he can be close to Nisha, however, Shankar has other plans for Nisha as he wants to get wed to fellow-gangster, Parshuram Bihari's son, Vicky. When Nisha openly declares her love for Virendra during her engagement with Vicky, Shankar forgives her and embraces Virendra as his future brother-in-law, neither Nisha nor Virendra know that Shankar has a devious plan that may leave Virendra gravely injured and possibly handicapped for the rest of his life. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Virendra, a spoiled young man newly enrolled in the Indian army, and Major Jasbir Singh Rana, the tough disciplinarian in charge of transforming him into a brave soldier and a noble man. Virendra is going to need all the help he can get as he fights for his relationship with the beautiful Nisha (Sonali Bendre), whose family violently opposes their marriage. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Due to his care-free an slacker life-style, Virendra Pratap Singh's lawyer inform him that his deceased father has prepared a will with stipulations that he can only claim his inheritance until he join the Indian Defence Academy so that he can become a soldier as per family tradition. Virendra then decides to join the National Academy with a motive of breaking all the rules of the Army so that he can be discharged within a short span of time but unfortunately he manages to fall under Major Jasbir Singh Rana who is hell bent on making him a successful cadet despite his attempts of running away on 2 occasions. Eventually Virendra manages to give them the slip only to meet and fall in love with Nisha who happen to be the sister of a gangster named Shankar who has plans of getting his sister married to Vicky the son of fellow gangster, Parshuram Bihari. Meanwhile Virendra is accused of stealing arms from the army which made him decides to stay on so that he can clear his name. Shankar then arranges the engagement ceremony of Nisha with Vicky but find Nisha in the arms of Virendra; at first he is enraged but later on relents not knowing that he have an agenda of his own; one that will endanger Virendra's life. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Major Jasbir Singh Rana trains cadets to become officers in the national defence academy. A spoilt brat Virendra Pratap Singh joins the academy. Little does he know the major is a strict disciplinarian who takes a row to straighten him and make him a soldier. Thus starts a war between the two. In the meantime Virendra falls in love with a beautiful girl Nisha whose marriage was fixed by her brother to a wealthy contractor's son. But the girl loves Virendra against her brother's will and so starts the fight between Virendra and the girl's brother supported by the contractor and his son with gang. Major Saab helps Virendra to get his love and to change Virendra from spoilt brat into becoming a good and brave soldier. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 