 All About My Mother (1999)431) Young Esteban wants to become a writer and also to discover the identity of his second mother, a trans woman, carefully concealed by his mother Manuela. Argentine Manuela Echevarria, an organ transplant coordinator at a Madrid hospital, ran off from her husband in Barcelona eighteen years ago upon learning that she was pregnant, their son, Esteban, who she has never told about his father despite his curiosity, and her husband who didn't know about the pregnancy when she ran off. An event coinciding with Esteban, an aspiring writer, turning seventeen leads to Manuela feeling the need to return to Barcelona to look for her husband. There, she ends up further acting as the maternal figure for people in need. One is a young nun named Sister Rosa, who she meets through her old friend, a transvestite prostitute who has assumed the name Agrado in her agreeable nature. Rosa has a strained relationship with her own conservative mother, as she is consumed with caring for her ill husband, who suffers from Alzheimer's. The other is actress Huma Rojo, currently appearing as Blanche Dubois in a stage production of A Streetcar Named Desire, which has long been a touchstone for Manuela in productions of it coinciding with milestone moments in her life, this production no different. Huma is in a troubled codependent relationship with her younger "Stella Kowalski" costar Nina Cruz, a closet junkie, hence Huma's emotional need for support. By the end of her stay in Barcelona, Manuela will have another non-relative for who she will feel the need to act as a mother figure. Huggo A single mother in Madrid sees her only son die on his 17th birthday as he runs to seek an actress's autograph. She goes to Barcelona to find the lad's father, a transgender woman named Lola who does not know she has a child. First she finds her friend, Agrado, a wild yet caring transgender woman; through her she meets Rosa, a young nun bound for El Salvador, but instead finds out she is pregnant by Lola. Manuela becomes the personal assistant of Huma Rojo, the actress her son admired, by helping Huma manage Nina, the co-star and Huma's lover. However, Agrado soon takes over when Manuela must care for Hermana Rosa's risky pregnancy. With echos of Lorca, "All About Eve," and " A Streetcar Named Desire," the mothers (and fathers and actors) live out grief, love, and friendship. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Manuela is a single mother of Madrid, who brings her only son Esteban to a Tennessee Williams play, A Streetcar Named Desire for his 17th birthday. After the play, they wait outside to get the autograph of one of the actresses. He doesnt receive it and proceeds to chase their taxi down and gets hit by a car and dies. Manuela decides to go to Barcelona to find Estebans father, a transvestite named Lola, who doesnt know that he is a father. She finds her old friend Agrado who is also a transvestite. Manuela needs a job so Agrado brings her to Rosa, a nun, who is three months pregnant with Lolas child, and contracted AIDS from Lola. Manuela goes to the same production of A Streetcar Named Desire and meets the actress her son was chasing after, Huma. Manuela helps take care of Rosa, and works for Huma. After Rosa has the baby, she dies from AIDS, and Lola comes back and is also dying from AIDS and meets his new son who Manuela names Esteban. Manuela heads back to Madrid the same way she did before, with a baby son. 