 Six Days Seven Nights (1998)55) Robin Monroe, a New York magazine editor, and the gruff pilot Quinn Harris must put aside their mutual dislike if they are to survive after crash landing on a deserted South Seas island. Taking a romantic tropical island week off with her boyfriend, an ambitious, decisive New York girl agrees to help her magazine out by covering a story on a neighboring island. The only plane available is piloted by a laid-back heavy drinker with whom she shares a mutual dislike. But she has no choice and he can't refuse the money. When the plane crash-lands on an uninhabited island with little chance of rescue they both wish they had made other arrangements - at least to start with. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} In New York, the assistant magazine editor Robin Monroe has dinner with her boyfriend Frank Martin that invites her to spend six days and seven nights in the paradisiacal island Makatea. When they arrive in Tahiti, they take the charter owned by the rough middle-aged pilot Quinn Harris and assisted by his friend, the hot Angelica. On the arrival in Makatea, Frank proposes Robin and gives a ring to her. However, her editor Marjorie asks Robin to fly to Tahiti to cover a story and she hires Quinn, who has the only available plane, to travel during the night. Out of the blue, the weather changes and they crash on an uninhabited island. Now they have to support each other to survive and wait for the improbable rescue. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Robin Monroe and her fianc Frank Martin are on a South Seas vacation when she's called away on business. She buys a flight from Quinn Harris, a rough-around-the-edges pilot, but they crash on a deserted island. There, they discover danger and romance while they endure the elements and each other's company. Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Big-screen favorite Harrison Ford stars in this adventure about a dream vacation that turns into a tropical nightmare! A gruff, rough-hewn cargo pilot living in the islands, Quinn Harris hates tourists . . . though he's not above making a fast buck from a sharp-tongued New Yorker, Robin Monroe, when she's desperate for a quick flight to Tahiti! But this already uneasy relationship suddenly takes a nosedive when his weather-beaten old plane is forced down in a storm! Now, stranded together on a deserted isle, Quinn and Robin quickly discover all the perils of paradise, as this mismatched pair finds themselves facing danger at every turn. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 