 The Day of the Beast (1995)44) Bent on committing as many sins as possible to avert the birth of the beast, a Catholic priest teams up with a Black Metal aficionado and an Italian connoisseur of the occult. Now, he must become an unrelenting sinner. Is there still hope? Determined to commit as many sins as possible after deciphering the code behind Saint John's cryptic Book of Revelation, the dedicated Catholic priest, Father ngel Berriarta, heads to Madrid to avert the birth of the beast and the end of the world. According to his calculations founded on a numerical transcription of the Apocalypse, the birth is going to take place somewhere in the Spanish capital on Christmas Day; however, time is running up, and the good father needs to pinpoint the exact birthplace. Without delay--although uncertain on how to get started--Father Berriarta teams up with the enthusiastic Black Metal aficionado, Jos Mara, and the Italian TV show host and connoisseur of the occult, Professor Cavn. Now, the once-pious man must become an unrelenting sinner to foil the arch-enemy's plans. Is there still hope? Nick Riganas The priest and professor of theology Father ngel Berriarta has deciphered a code disclosing that the Antichrist will be born in Madrid on the Christmas day. In order to avoid the destruction of the world, he decides to go to Madrid on the Christmas Eve and commit as many sins as possible to sell his soul to the devil to destroy the Antichrist to save the world. He befriends and teams up with the death metal salesman Jos Mara and finds a book written by the Italian Professor Cavan, who hosts a TV show on the occult. They kidnap Cavan to learn how to summon the devil and during an acid trip, they see the devil and Cavan decides to help the priest. Is the priest a lunatic or does the Beast indeed exist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A Basque priest finds by means of a cabalistic study of the Bible that the Antichrist is going to be born on Christmas Day in Madrid. Assisted by a heavy-metal fan and the host of a TV show on the occult, he will try to summon the Devil to find out the place of birth and kill the baby. Miguel A. Andrade <andrade@gredos.cnb.uam.es> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 