 Dil to Pagal Hai (1997)541) A grand musical about three passionate and dreamy characters: Rahul, Pooja and Nisha. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. Rahul fails to understand how two people can spend their lives together. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her and she is destined to meet that person. It is also the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. Dil To Pagal Hai is a grand musical about passionate people with dreams. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? Dil To Pagal Hai makes us believe that - someone - somewhere - is made for us. Official Source DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her and she is destined to meet that person. It is the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. It makes us believe that - someone - somewhere - is made for us. Official Source Rahul and Nisha are part of a performing musical troupe. While Nisha doubles as a dancer, Rahul performs as an actor/singer; Nisha silently loves Rahul quite unfortunately Rahul has no similar feelings for Nisha and it is not long after the troupe recruits a new female dancer, Pooja who Rahul is romantically attracted to. When Pooja finds out she reciprocates - only to crash down when Pooja's childhood friend, Ajay, who resides abroad, seeks her hand in marriage. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dil To Pagal Hai is a story that makes this belief come true. It is the story of Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan) who does not believe in love - is there really someone made for him? He fails to understand how two people can spend their entire lives together. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit) who believes that there is someone who is made for her and that she is destined to meet that person. It is also the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. Dil To Pagal Hai is a grand musical about passionate people with dreams. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? The movie makes us believe once again that Someone, somewhere is made for us.. 