 Mighty Joe Young (1998)541) A legendary fifteen-foot tall mountain gorilla named Joe is taken to an animal sanctuary in California by zoologist Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton) and Jill Young (Charlize Theron), with whom he grew up. Poacher Strasser (Rade Serbedzija) returns from the past to seek vengeance on Joe. The baby gorilla left in her care grows up to become a hugely tall and broad specimen by the name of Joe, living in the mountains as a mostly unseen legend amongst the people who live there. Along comes eco-minded emissary Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton), who is from a California sanctuary, and who talks jungle girl Jill Young (Charlize Theron) into providing a safe haven for Joe at the Los Angeles facility. The transition is not without discomfort, but everything is aggravated via a conspiracy of poachers to get Joe into their own greedy hands. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Suffering from the same tragedy at such young ages, Jill Young (Charlize Theron) and Joe form an unbreakable bond. Joe, being a fifteen foot tall gorilla, Jill can only do so much to protect him from greedy poachers. In hopes of keeping him safe, Jill reluctantly moves Joe to an animal sanctuary. Things only become more difficult for Joe when an evil from the past tries to claim revenge. Tanquanae Blacknall This movie opens with poachers attacking a group of gorillas. Animal preservationists fight the poachers, which ends with one gorilla and a young girl's mother dead. In the melee, a particularly large gorilla baby attacks head poacher Strasser (Rade Serbedzija) and bites his thumb and forefinger off. This movie immediately passes into the future and the young girl, Jill Young (Charlize Theron), has grown up, and the gorilla has grown to be fifteen feet tall and weighs two thousand pounds. The two are best friends who play together. When poachers again appear, Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton), a representative of a California wildlife refuge, convinces her to transfer the gorilla she has named "Joe Young" to the refuge. Of course, once there, the former poacher shows up seeking revenge. Terrorizing Joe without letting his human handlers know, Joe goes on a rampage across Los Angeles. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charlize Theron plays Jill Young who as a child has witnessed the death of her mother and the mother of Joe, a baby ape, at the hands of poachers led by Andrei Strasser, (Rade erbedija). The poacher loses his thumb and trigger finger to the baby gorilla. Twelve years later, Jill has raised Joe (because of his size, the other gorillas won't accept him) and both are living in relative peace until a wildlife refuge director, Gregg O'Hara (Bill Paxton), convinces Jill that they would be safer from poachers if they relocated to the United States. The pair go to Hollywood, California (as in the original film) and win the hearts of the refuge staff. There, Jill is approached by Strasser, who has seen a news report about Joe and wants revenge because of the damage done to his hand 12 years ago. Jill fails to recognize Strasser as the poacher who killed both her mother and Joe's. Strasser tries to persuade Jill that Joe would be better off in his wildlife refuge back in Africa. Later, during a gala, Strasser's henchman uses a poacher's noisemaker to scare Joe into a frenzy. Joe trashes the gala, recognizes Strasser and tries to attack him. Joe is tranquilized and placed in a concrete bunker. When Jill learns that Joe may be euthanized she decides to take Strasser's offer. She and the refuge staff smuggle Joe out in a truck but on the way to the airport, Jill notices Strasser's missing fingers. He makes a remark that makes her realize he is the poacher who killed her mother. She crashes the truck and Joe escapes. Meanwhile Greg has also realized the identity of the poacher and goes after Jill and Joe. He finds Jill and they locate Joe at a carnival. Strasser arrives and in attempting to shoot Jill starts a fire which causes the Ferris wheel to break down. Joe catches Strasser and tosses him onto some electrical wires. In a poignant scene at the Santa Monica Pier, while saving a child Joe falls from the collapsing Ferris wheel. The scene is reminiscent of King Kong falling from the Empire State Building. Joe survives the fall and is shipped back to Africa to run free on his own refuge funded by donations from his fans. 