 Ebola Syndrome (1996)Summaries A restaurant employee wanted for murder contracts Ebola by raping a woman in South Africa and starts an outbreak there and in Hong Kong when he returns home. Hong Kong 1986: A restaurant employee murders his boss and mutilates his wife, he escapes to South Africa where he rapes a Zulu-girl, who is infected with the ebola virus. In the restaurant where he now works he murders his boss and the bosses wife after raping her. He chops them up and makes them into hamburgers, which he sells in the restaurant, spreading the ebola virus. When the police come on his trail he moves back to Hong Kong and an ebola epidemic starts there. Erik Adelfred <edu_97gr@edu.ats.dk> Anthony Wong plays Sam, a weasly guy who's caught in bed with the boss' wife. The Boss tries to castrate Sam but he goes berzerk killing all of the gang members leaving the boss' daughter alive. Sam goes to hide out in South Africa. He's being paid badly because his boss and wife know he's a wanted man. Instead of being cheated at the market for meat, Sam and Boss go out to the local African village to buy meat. On the way, they notice that an Ebola epidemic is spreading. A horny Sam rapes a sick woman and catches Ebola. They return home and he gets sick. The Boss and Wife decided to kill him and destroy his body. Sam becomes a carrier and over hears their conversation, kills them both and they become tomorrow's dinner special. He makes "African Buns" and the people love them. He spreads the Ebola further because of the tainted meat. Sam goes to Hong Kong after finding his boss' hidden money pile and decides to go back to Hong Kong. He buys back his ex-girlfriend from her junkie husband but his happiness comes to and end as the Ebola Virus quickly spreads through out Hong Kong as the authorites, the medical community and His old boss' daughter come closing in on him. Trapped in a corner, what is Sam to do? Joseph P. Ulibas <mculibas@cwnet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 