 The Cowboy Way (1994)Summaries Two childhood friends who are rodeo cowboys travel from New Mexico to New York City searching for a friend who disappeared while looking for his daughter, who's just been smuggled into the US from Cuba. Buddies Pepper Lewis ( Woody Harrelson ) and Sonny Gilstrap ( Kiefer Sutherland ) who are championship rodeo partners travel to New York to find their missing friend, Nacho Salazar Joaqun Martnez after he disappears in New York City to pick up his daughter, Theresa ( Cara Buono ). When Pepper and Sonny find that neither is anywhere to be found, they go about the wacky adventure of finding Nacho and Theresa, and in the process, test the foundation of their friendship. Along the way, they find themselves entwined in the inner workings of a New York sweat shop where Theresa has been enslaved after traveling to the U.S.A. from Cuba. Going about doing things in a cowboy way, Pepper and Sonny put their small town skills to the test in a big city kind of way and rescue Theresa from the thugs. Chris Roybal <roybal@juno.com> Sonny Gilstrap ( Kiefer Sutherland ) and Pepper Lewis ( Woody Harrelson ) are two cowboys from New Mexico who compete in rodeos, but their friendship's been strained when Pepper fails to show up at a major competition. They are fortunate that Sonny's cook, Nacho ( Joaqun Martnez ) acts as a buffer between them. After his peace making efforts fail, Nacho goes home, he then gets a phone call from someone telling him that his daughter, Teresa ( Cara Buono ) has just arrived in New York from Cuba. But the man tells him that he still has an unpaid balance, which of course he doesn't have. Nacho then leaves and goes to New York and leaves Sonny a note. When Sonny reads the note, he proceeds to follow him but he's broke, so he asks Pepper if he will loan him some; Pepper decides to go with him. The two bicker along the way. When they get there they get help from a New York Policeman, Sam Shaw ( Ernie Hudson ). They find Nacho in the morgue. All what's left for them to do is find Teresa. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 