 Akele Hum Akele Tum (1995)44) An estranged couple battle for the custody of their only son. Rohit Kumar (Aamir Khan) is an aspirant playback singer while Kiran (Manisha Koirala) is a classical singer-in-training, but inside aims to be some thing like Rohit. They meet, relate to each other's sentiments and fall in love. But when Kiran's parents oppose their marriage, they decide to lead a separate life. However, after their marriage, Kiran's ambitions take a back seat as she feels suppressed by her household responsibilities and her child to look after. Time fails to abate Kiran's frustration until she decides to leave Rohit and start a new life all over again. Now a loner, Rohit is forced to look after both his son and his falling career on his own. After some obvious teething troubles, Rohit succeeds in creating a separate world of their own with Sonu, his son. Meanwhile, Kiran incidentally becomes a huge film star. When her attempts to reconcile with Rohit backfire, she decides to call the marriage off and also files a case demanding Sonu's custody. But Rohit is not giving up without a battle for his rights as a father. B.H.Harsh Inspired by the films Abhimaan (1973) and Kramer vs Kramer (1979), Akele Hum Akele Tum is a critically acclaimed musical drama about an estranged couple's relationship being destroyed by jealousy and how it leads to a battle for custody of their son after divorce. Middle-class singer Rohit and wealthy Kiran Dayal meet each other and fall in love. They intend to marry but Kiran's parents will not permit her to marry beneath her class. Kiran is adamant and the marriage goes through without the blessings of the Dayals. They live in harmony for months, even after Kiran gives birth to Sunil. Then they start to have differences, which are minor for a time and then snowball. Kiran decides to leave Rohit and moves back in with her parents, leaving Sunil in Rohit's care. Years later, Kiran attempts to come back into Rohit's life again, this time as a successful and popular actress, with a motive of taking the custody of Sunil. Rohit does not appreciate this, the matter escalates to Court and no one knows in whose favor the Judge will decide. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 