 Legionnaire (1998)44) Alain is a boxer in 1925 Marseille, France. When he doesn't take the dive paid to take by a mob boss, he has to split. He joins the Foreign Legion and is sent to Morocco. He makes 3 friends and they watch each other's backs. Alain Lefevre is a boxer paid by a Marseille mobster to take a dive. When he wins the fight he attempts to flee to America with the mobster's girlfriend Katrina. This plan fails and he seeks escape by joining the foreign legion. As part of the legion he tangles with abusive lieutenant Steinkampf and bonds with legionnaires Luther, Mackintosh and Rosetti. The mobster discovers his whereabouts and enrolls two hit men to finish him off. With their fort under siege and enemies within, Lefevre finds that second chances are difficult to come by in the Legion. Paul Hunter aka "Bob the Moo" Alain Lefevre is a French boxer in 1920's Marseilles, France. Alain is forced by local crime boss Lucien Galgani to take a dive in a fight. It turns out that Galgani's girlfriend Katrina is also Alain's ex-fianc whom he left standing at the alter. But Katrina forgives Alain, and the two hatch a plan to run off to America together. Alain doesn't take a dive in the fight, but just as the escape plan is about to succeed, Alain's friend gets killed, and Katrina is captured by Galgani's men. But Alain has shot and killed Galgani's brother. Desperately needing a new escape plan, Alain signs up for the French Foreign Legion, and is shipped to Africa to help defend French territory against a native Arab rebellion. Along the way, Alain meets some new friends, including an African American who has fled injustice in the United States, a former British Army Major with a gambling problem, and a naive Italian man who wishes to impress his girl back home by returning as a hero. But things will not be easy. The only real way to escape from the Legion is to survive the term of service, and the rebels have them outnumbered. And Galgani has sent his hired thugs into the Legion as well, to find Alain and get revenge for the death of Galgani's brother. Todd Baldridge At the height of its glory, the French Foreign Legion was made up of men widely regarded as the scum of the earth. It was a mercenary army posted to colonies in Northern Africa and Southern Asia...but its soldiers swore no allegiance to France, only to the legion and to each other. The legion asked no questions about a man's past...nor did it offer much hope for his future. It was a hard way to get a second chance in life... Waleed Al-Telbany <dammage7@egypt.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 