 North (1994)44) Sick of the neglect he receives from his mom and dad, a young boy leaves home and travels the world in search of new parents. Eleven-year-old North has had it with his parents. They are always busy with their careers and don't give North the attention he needs, so he files a lawsuit against them. The judge rules that North should either find new parents or return to his own parents within two months. Thus North starts off on a hilarious journey around the world to find the parents that really care about him. Peter Huiskes <huiskes@westbrabant.net> An adolescent named North excels in almost everything he does, and as such is appreciated by everyone he knows, that is seemingly except his parents, who are too absorbed in their own individual lives to pay North any attention. That neglect by his parents leads to North starting to suffer in all his activities. Feeling that there is a more supportive life for him somewhere else, North, with the support of his best friend Winchell and ambulance chasing lawyer Arthur Belt, goes about legally divorcing himself from his parents. The judge's July 1 ruling is that he is giving North the ability to do so, but that he must be in the arms of his chosen parents by 12:00 Labor Day, or else be sent to live in an orphanage. So North travels the globe auditioning one set of potential parents after another, learning life lessons along the way, usually with a guardian angel looking out for him, that angel who first appeared to North in the form of a shopping center Easter bunny. As North discards those potential parents one after another, he is unaware of what is happening back at home, where Winchell, with Bent by his side, is working on his own agenda, blocking North's parents from contacting him, the result possibly being to relegate North to an orphanage for the remainder of his minor life. Huggo Have you ever wondered what your life would be like if you had different parents? A boy named North did, and this is his story. Unhappy that his parents pay no attention to him or his talents, the child prodigy, aided by his friend Winchell and ambulance-chasing lawyer Arthur Belt, legally "divorces" himself from his parents. Surprisingly, the judge rules in his favor on July 1, but if he doesn't find new parents or return to his old ones by noon on Labor Day, he will be sent to an orphanage. Thus, North embarks on a worldwide quest to find the perfect parents who will appreciate him for who he is, not realizing that Winchell and Belt are looking to sabotage him and ruin his potentially happy ending. asbwtw It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 