 Photographing Fairies (1997)431) A 1997 fantasy film based on Steve Szilagyi's 1992 novel, Photographing Fairie. Photographer Charles Castle is numbed with grief following the death of his beautiful bride. He goes off to war, working in the trenches as a photographer. Following the war and still in grief, Charles is given some photographs purporting to be of fairies. His search for the truth leads him to Burkinwell, a seemingly peaceful village seething with secrets where he becomes drawn into a web of passion, romance, and violence. Philip Stanton Photographer Charles Castle is numbed with grief following the death of his beautiful bride. He goes off to war, working in the trenches as a photographer. Following the war and still in grief Charles is given some photographs purporting to be of fairies. His search for the truth leads him to Burkinwell, a seemingly peaceful village seething with secrets. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Newly married Charles Castle (Toby Stephens) is permanently disturbed when his wife dies in a snowy landslide in the Swiss Alps. Functioning as a photographer during World War 1 Charles later sets up a photo shop where he specializes in placing faces of dead soldiers into pictures of living parents for posterity. During his activities he becomes interested in the photos of supposed fairies taken by the new cameras by some young girls in the countryside. When Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (Edward Hardwicke) approaches Charles about his own interest in the photos of fairies as a declaration of hope, Charles travels to the country to find out more. Once there he discovers a small white flower that the young girl photographers have been eating. When he eats the flowers Charles experiences a hallucinogenic effect that slows down normal life and allows him to perceive the fairies that have appeared in the young girls photos, and he believes that the flowers give him the ability to communicate with his dead wife. When local Reverend Templeton (Ben Kingsley) finds his wife Beatrice (Frances Barber) dead he believes that Charles is responsible and as he finds a way to photograph the supposed fairies with primitive camera equipment, Charles finds himself in conflict with Templeton and the result leaves a bitter-sweet resolution. 