 Until the End of the World (1991)44) In 1999, Claire's life is forever changed after she survives a car crash. She rescues Sam and starts traveling around the world with him. Writer Eugene follows them and writes their story, as a way of recording dreams is being invented. Set in 1999, a woman (Dommartin) has a car accident with some bank robbers, who enlist her help to take the bank money to a drop in Paris. On the way she runs into another fugitive from the law (Hurt), an American who is being chased by the CIA. The charges are false, he claims. They want to confiscate a device his father invented which allows anyone to record their dreams and vision. On the run from both the bank robbers and the CIA, the couple span the globe, ending up in Australia at his father's (von Sydow) research facility, where they hope to play back the recordings Hurt captured for his blind mother. Set in the futuristic year of 1999, a subplot about a damaged Indian nuclear satellite crashing and causing the end of civilization is a puzzling addition to the film. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Set in the near future a nuclear-powered satellite looks set to crash into the Earth, causing mass destruction. Meanwhile in France a woman accidentally becomes an accessory to a bank robbery, leaving her on the run. She meets a man who is also on the run, this time from the CIA. Together they embark on an epic journey. grantss Sometimes-muddled road movie-turns-sci fi. Hurt plays a man who is traveling the world taking pictures with a special camera that will enable the blind to see (specifically, his blind mother). He meets up with Dommartin on the way, and they predictably hit it off. Set in 1999, a subplot about a nuclear satellite that has fallen to earth and presumably destroyed civilization only adds to the confusion. Andy Adelewitz <ralph_x@lightlink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 