 The City of Lost Children (1995)55) A scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps children to steal their dreams, hoping that they slow his aging process. Set in a dystopian society, someone is kidnapping the children. Krank and his band of clones are using the children to harvest their dreams. Then they kidnap Denree, the brother of One, a fairground strongman. One sets out to find his brother. grantss Krank ( Daniel Emilfork ), who cannot dream, kidnaps young children to steal their dreams. One ( Ron Perlman ), a former whale hunter who is as strong as a horse, sets forth to search for Denree, his little brother who was kidnapped by Krank's men. Helped by young Miette ( Judith Vittet ), he soon arrives in La Cite des Enfants Perdus (The City of Lost Children). Marie-Andree Poisson The evil Krank and his henchmen have been made by a mad scientist. Krank's problem is that he is tormented by his inability to dream. He finds it necessary to try to steal the dreams of children, but since they fear him, he only gets their nightmares. When a circus strongman's little brother is kidnapped, the strongman (One) tracks him down and, with the help of some other eccentric characters, tries to put an end to the evil reign of Krank and his Cyclops army. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> In a surrealistic and bizarre society, children have been abducted by a mad and evil scientist, Krank, who wants to steal their dreams and stop and reverse his accelerated aging process. When the gang of Cyclops kidnap Denree , the little brother of the former whale hunter One, he is helped by the young street orphan girl Miette, who steals for the Siamese Pieuvre, to reach the platform where Krank leaves with his cloned dwarf wife Mademoiselle Bismuth, his six cloned sons and a brain, and rescue the children. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 