 Irma Vep (1996)541) A Hong Kong actress, Maggie Cheung playing a fictional version of herself, is cast in France to star in a remake of Les vampires (1915) , but petty intrigues and clashing egos plague the production. French filmmaker Ren Vidal was once a renowned director, but most see his career on a quick downward slide based on his last several films. In Paris, he is just starting to film his latest movie, a remake of Les vampires (1915) , and has hired Hong Kong based Chinese actress Maggie Cheung as the title lead, "Irma Vep" (an anagram for "vampire"), despite she knowing no French and she not being an obvious choice to most. Maggie has never worked with Vidal before and knows little about his movies, but many of his primarily French crew are part of his regular stable. As such, Maggie may become isolated among the cast and crew, unless there are those who bring her into their English conversations, they who may have somewhat ulterior motives in doing so. There are also factions within the cast and crew, who, based on their history, have a poisoned sense of what is going on. With Vidal, he is dealing with some personal issues while he tries to regain his film making form. He may transfer his thoughts of Irma Vep to Maggie, who he hired because he too sees her as strong and sexy like the skin-tight latex clad Irma. And Maggie may take her research for the comic bookish character to an extreme. Huggo Knowing that his glory days are far behind him, the hopeless French director, Ren Vidal, enlists the help of Hong Kong actress, Maggie Cheung , to save his doomed take on Louis Feuillade 's classic silent-era film serial, Les vampires (1915) . Cast as inimitable Musidora 's Irma Vep, the sleek, latex-clad cat burglar with the strange name, Maggie Cheung turns up in Paris without speaking a word of French, bent on giving her all. However, amid catastrophic screenings of daily rushes, intense sexual objectification on the set, unrequited loves, and mysterious dreams, more and more, Maggie Cheung becomes obsessed with her character. But, the question remains. Can they finish the film? Nick Riganas Rene Vidal, a director in decline, decides to remake Louis Feuillade's silent serial "Les Vampires." Believing no French actress can match Musidora as Irma Vep (an anagram for vampire), he casts Hong Kong action heroine Maggie Cheung, though she speaks no French. On the chaotic set, she's aided by Zoe, the wardrobe mistress with a crush on her; she defends Vidal to a Parisian journalist who trashes all French film and praises John Woo and Schwarzenegger; she befriends Vidal when he goes over the edge; and, in costume, she breaks into a hotel suite to steal jewels as her victim talks on the phone. We also watch the making, the rushes, and the remains of Vidal's unfinished film. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Director Ren Vidal [Jean-Pierre Leaud] has been charged with the remake of Louis Feuillade's 1915 silent French movie Les Vampires. The star of Les Vampires, Irma Vep, was played by a French actress named Musidora. In a search for an actress to play Irma, Ren has become impressed with Chinese martial artist, Maggie Cheung [herself], because of her beauty, her grace, and her presence, he says. Maggie is hired and flies to Paris from Hong Kong. Unfortunately, she is three days late in arriving, which is causing havoc with the filming. It also doesn't help that Maggie does not speak French. First thing on the agenda is for Maggie to be fitted in her costume, a skin-tight latex catsuit, much like the one worn by Halle Berry in Catwoman. Next, Maggie grabs some lunch with costumer Zo [Nathalie Richard] and learns that Ren Vidal's reputation as a director is going downhill. To Maggie, however, he seems to believe in the remaking of Les Vampires, so she isn't worried. Then comes the shoots. They shoot the scene where Irma is chloroformed and a double substituted in her place. At the viewing of the shoot, however, Ren is so P.O.ed that he stomps out of the theater. That night, following the viewing, everyone drives off and leaves Maggie behind until Zo happens by and offers Maggie a ride on her motorbike. They go to a friend's house for dinner, where everyone is dissing Ren in French and Maggie has no idea what they are saying. Meanwhile, out in the kitchen, Zo and a friend are discussing Zo's attraction to Maggie, and the firend advises Zo to go for it. When she gets Maggie alone, the friend tells her that Zo wants to have sex with her. Maggie is very embarrassed. When Maggie gets back to the hotel, she finds a half dozen messages from Ren, who's been calling every few minutes, asking her to call back. He asks her to meet him at his house. By the time Maggie arrives, the police are buzzing in and out. Ren has had a huge fight with his wife, and the doctor on call has given him tranquilizers. As Ren is in the middle of explaining to Maggie her role in the movie, he passes out. Maggie goes back to her hotel room. Almost as though she is possessed by the spirit of Irma Vep, she puts on her catsuit and sneaks into the room of a hotel guest where she finds a pile of jewelry and takes it with her. Like Irma Vep, she flees to the rooftop where she drops the jewelry over the ledge. The next morning, Maggie is so tired that she sleeps through her wakeup until Zo shows up with the hotel passkey to see if Maggie is okay. When Maggie gets to the studio, she rehearses the scene where Irma kills the Great Vampire. Meanwhile, Ren has come up missing, and the entire crew is in distress. It turns out that Ren has had a nervous breakdown and has been admitted to a rest home. Ren's director friend, Jos Mirano, is going to take his place. What Mirano cannot comprehend is why Ren chose a Chinese actress to play Irma Vep, the epitome of the Paris Underground. Mirano agrees to take over direction but only if he can replace Maggie. Maggie is given a ticket to New York where she is to meet with Ridley Scott and then fly on to Los Angeles. Mirano views the film as it's been edited by Ren. The film is a total mess (although some reviewers claim that it's a "love sonnet" from Ren to Maggie). [Original by bj_kuehl] 