 Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin (1991)66) Runaway heiress in search of her beloved falls in love with another man on the way. Pooja, a rich and spoilt child, runs away from the yacht of her dad for her love- a movie star. On her way to mumbai (bombay in this film), she meets Raghu (amir khan) in a bus, and soon has to rely on him for the safe arrival of hers to mumbai. Raghu has money in his mind. He has a plan to get rich, but love strikes them and they both fall for each other... priyodit Pooja Dharamchand (Pooja Bhatt) is the daughter of a rich Mumbai shipping tycoon, Seth Dharamchand (Anupam Kher). She is head over heels in love with movie star Deepak Kumar (Sameer Chitre), but her father strongly disapproves of their courtship. One night, Pooja escapes from her father's yacht and hops on a bus to Bangalore to be with Deepak, who is on a shooting there. Meanwhile, Seth Dharamchand, realizing his daughter has run away, dispatches private detectives to locate her. On the bus to Bangalore, Pooja meets Raghu Jetley (Aamir Khan), a loud-mouth newspaperman who has just lost his job. He offers to help her in exchange for an exclusive story on her, which would revive his flagging career. Pooja is forced to agree to his demands, as he threatens to let her father know of her whereabouts should she not comply. After the bus breaks down, Raghu and Pooja go through various adventures together, and in their course find themselves falling more and more in love with each other. Raghu desires to marry Pooja, but financially he is in no shape to do so. He simply wanted a story on her life, but never wanted to win her heart. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Pooja Dharamchand is the only child of multi-millionaire shipping tycoon, Seth Dharamchand and has allowed her all the liberty enough to spoil her so much that she is crazily in love with a movie actor, Deepak Kumar. Seth is not agreeable to this relationship since he feels that Deepak is after his wealth but Pooja is determined and will do anything in her power to get to Deepak. She finds out that Deepak is in Bangalore shooting for a movie, so she jump from her father's yacht only to end up in a over-crowded bus meeting up with a journalist Raghu Jately who has just lost his job working for a local newspaper. They quickly befriend each other after a series of comic mishaps and Pooja decide to relate her story to Raghu who find that he can get an exciting story by following her to her destination to publish in the newspaper so that he would be able to retain his job. On the way to Bangalore Raghu now accompany Pooja bearing all her expenses, defaults, complaints and problems. Before the two could reach Bangalore they end up falling deeply in love with each other, now Pooja must make a decision to tie the knot with either Rajhu or Deepak. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Pooja, a rich and spoiled child, elopes from the yacht of her dad for her love- a movie star. On her way to Mumbai, she meets Raghu in a bus, and soon has to rely on him for the safe arrival of hers to Mumbai. Raghu has money in his mind. He has a plan to get rich, but love strikes them and they both fall for each other. Would they be united? priyodit A rich man's daughter runs away from her father's yacht to go to her betrothed, a movie star, however, on the way falls in love with another man. A romantic movie for a change, with absolutely fabulous songs: "O mere sapnon ke saudagar mujhe aaisi jagha ley jao, pyar hi pyar ho jis jagha, mujhe aaisa jahan dikhaoo..."; "Dil hai ke maanta nahin, yeh bekarari kyon ho rahi hai, yeh janta nahin..."; "Aadayen bhi hai, muhobat bhi hai, najakat bhi hai, mere mehboob mein, woh diwanapan, woh mausumiyat, shararat bhi hai, mere mehboob mein..." and more. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 