 Problem Child 2 (1991)431) The worst child in the world makes an unthinkable discovery - there is another child even worse than him, and it's a girl. Junior's back in his first adventure since his last! Junior and Ben move to Mortville which seems like the perfect town to live in. The Healys have a nice new house--and Junior get's a cool new room! And young women have formed a line at Ben's door in order to get a piece of him (romantically). Ben does feel he should get remarried so Junior can have a mom, so while Junior adjusts to his new school which includes a little girl who's as bratty as Junior and a teenage brain-dead ignoramous bully in Junior's sixth grade class, Ben finds some dates, which Junior sends running for the hills, in the meantime Junior pulls his infamous tricks on people: blowing up barbecues, taping the bully to the chalkboard, videotaping his babysitter and her boyfriend having sex and broadcasting it for the whole neighborhood to see, same old same old. Meanwhile, Ben meets the gorgeous school nurse (after the school's satellite dish get's pushed on his head) and they, well he, believes it's love at first site, until he meets LaWanda Dumore, a greedy business women who wants to marry Ben and send Junior to boarding school--in Baghdad! So Junior and his new friend, Trixie, must get rid of LaWanda (any way possible!) to bring their parents together! Dylan Self <Robocoptng986127@aol.com> Junior and his father, Ben, move from Cold River to Mortville. Junior becomes threatened by Ben's desire to date again and find a new mother for Junior, and sabotages each of his dates. Ben falls in love with Annie, the school nurse. However, Annie is the mother of Trixie - who is worse than Junior in his behavior and equally resents her mother dating again. Then Ben meets Lawanda, the richest woman in Mortville, who desires to marry Ben and send Junior to boarding school in Bagdad. And Ben now has to make the decision whether to continue to pursue Annie for love or marry Lawanda so Junior can have a mother. Theresa Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following the events of the first film, Ben Healy and his adopted son Junior decide to leave Cold River for a better life in a new community Mortville, which is, unfortunately, dubbed ''the divorce capital of the world" as Ben is greeted by a seemingly endless number of single women when they arrive at their new house, as well as hotshot single dad Aron Burger, who invites Ben and Junior for a housewarming barbecue. After being insulted by Burger and and his equally bratty twin daughters, Dolly and Madison, Junior seeks revenge by turning up the barbecue's gas pumps, causing Burger to get blown up in the air and landing in a kiddie pool in the next yard. The next day, Junior begins his new school year at Mortville Elementary, where he runs into his old nemesis, Mr. Peabody, who quit his old job in Cold River and became a school principal because, either way, he hates kids,. When Junior purposely breaks wind in front of Peabody, he foolishly thinks that Junior is a smart kid and passes him to the sixth grade. Of course, the homeroom teacher, Mr. Thorn, is not happy that he is saddled with many of his old students again, as hardly any of them passed last year, including the hulking, but incredibly stupid Murph, who has been held back for 20 years. When Junior steals a answer from a math question intended for Murph, Thorn is somewhat impressed with Junior's attention span and leaves the room to find something that will make Murph pay more attention. Then, a chase then breaks out all over the classroom between Junior and an angry Murph, ending with Junior taping him up on the blackboard, causing all the terrified teachers and students to run out of the school. Meanwhile, Ben visits the local bank to get a loan approved. The owner and local heiress, LaWanda DuMore, observes this from her upstairs office window and orders her assistant Smith to find out everything he can so she can woo Ben. When Ben picks up Junior from school, Murph somehow gets up on the roof and pushes a decorative satellite dish off, accidentally crashing on top of Ben and knocking him unconscious. When Ben regains consciousness, he finds himself greeted and tended to by pretty school nurse Annie Young. Of course, her daughter Trixie, who remembers Junior's face as he shot her balloon with a slingshot the day they moved in, notices him trying to deface a school portrait of Annie with a black marker and clobbers him. The next night, Junior is not happy when Ben is going out on a date with Debbie, one of the neighborhood's many single women, and leaves Junior with Rhoda, a two-faced babysitter. To get rid of her, Junior calls Debbie's ex-husband, Voytek, who is insanely jealous, even they broke up. Afterwards, he shows up at the restaurant and smacks Ben on the head with a lead pipe, but when Ben tries to defend himself, Debbie, who apparently still has feelings for Voytek, punches Ben out. Back home, Rhoda's boyfriend shows up on his motorcycle and they go up to Ben's room to have sex. After returning home, a humiliated Ben sees several cars parked in and around his driveway and sees everybody sitting in his front yard watching Rhoda and her boyfriend projected with a video camera on the front of the house. Shortly after, Big Ben arrives, claiming to be on vacation, but admits he is on the run from his creditors as he lost his business and all of his money. Ben and Junior reluctantly allow him and his pet dog, Nippy, to stay at the house. The next day, after Junior is sprayed with the fire hose by Trixie, Ben arrives at the nurse's office and it is becoming quite clear to Junior that Ben has feelings for Annie. However, Ben announces to Junior that he has another date with Emily, another single woman. While Ben gets showered and dressed, Junior rigs the doorbell with electrical wires and when Emily rings it, she gets electrocuted. Ben, feeling distraught that he is not giving Junior giving enough attention because of his dating game, he decides to spend more time with him. One day, He takes Junior to a water park, a ball game, and finally a carnival, where is unable to ride the Crazy Dance, a popular ride, because of his height, and after getting snubbed by Murph and Trixie, who uses stilts on her shoes to gain access, Junior gets revenge by expanding the ride's speed, causing everybody in and out of the ride to vomit all over the place, as well as each other. Though deeply frustrated with Junior, Ben makes a deal with him that he will be there for him, providing he will be good, from now on. When they get home, they discover the house has been redecorated by LaWanda, who also secretly threatens violence to Junior if he tries to come between her and Ben. After discovering his new bedroom has been become a haven for clowns and theme toys, Junior sabotages a home-cooked meal by LaWanda by putting roaches inside a salad and the rest of her dinner. Later, an angry and betrayed Ben scolds Junior and declares he cannot be trusted again and an equally angry LaWanda tells Junior that she plans to marry Ben and then send him to a Baghdad boarding school. During the school's open house, Ben gets a dose of what Annie's daughter is really like when she hijacks a puppet show after tying the real puppeteers up and a greatly embarrassed Annie drags Trixie out of the school, and Ben runs after them, explaining that he can help them both, but Annie bitterly confesses that Trixie consumes her whole life and and they disappear into the night. Since Ben still has feelings for LaWanda, he accepts her subsequent marriage proposal, much to the dismay of Junior. He gets revenge by switching her mandatory blood test with a rabid dog's and she is sent to the hospital, where Junior also switches another patient's plastic nose surgery paperwork to LaWanda. That night, Ben and Junior run into Annie and Trixie having dinner at a local pizza place. with Peabody and his girlfriend in attendance and after he berates all of them, they all get into a food fight, causing the four to be kicked out and permanently banned from the restaurant, but thanks to the retaliation, Junior and Trixie now become friends and must band together to stop LaWanda from marrying Ben. Later that night, Trixie shows up at his house and plan to take a walk to the local park monument, the Love Rock, and they bound and gag Big Ben, fearing he will tell his father. Early the next morning, Ben receives an alarmed phone call from Annie and they drive to the park where they see Junior and Trixie sleeping on a bench and after embracing, the two couples go their separate ways. At the wedding, Junior is praying that Ben sees LaWanda's nose. However, to his disdain, he discovers she got last-minute surgery done on it, the previous night. They then go ahead with the ceremony until it is interrupted by Trixie driving a bulldozer into the park containing the Love Rock. It rolls down the aisle as guests scramble to get out of the way. LaWanda firmly stands her ground and puts out a hand to stop it, but it crushes her. A defeated Annie arrives too late and scolds Trixie, but Ben sets the record straight that it was meant to be ruined. Since both parents now have feelings for each other, the two passionately kiss. After Big Ben unsuccessfully attempts to persuade his son to marry LaWanda, Ben suggests his father should, much to his joy. To celebrate, Junior slingshots a stick of dynamite into the wedding cake, causing it to fly up in the air and splatter all over Big Ben and LaWanda. Ben, Annie, Junior, and Trixie are then seen happily walking out of the park. 