 Fantastic Four (I) (2005)55) A group of astronauts gain superpowers after a cosmic radiation exposure and must use them to oppose the plans of their enemy, Doctor Victor Von Doom. Four astronauts have their lives changed forever, when they end up being hit by a cloud of cosmic radiation. Reed Richards now has the ability to stretch his body like elastic. Sue Storm (Alba) is now the invisible woman. Johnny Storm becomes the human touch and Ben Grimm becomes the 'Thing', a man made out of rock. But there is one problem. The journey's sponsor, Victor Von Doom has also been affected and with full power, is a dangerous force which needs to be stopped, before it's too late. Film_Fan Yearning to study the massive clouds of cosmic energy in the vast space, the brilliant physicist, Dr Reed Richards, enlists the help of his millionaire classmate, Dr Victor von Doom. Instead, the unfathomable energy source affects Reed, turning him into the elastic "Mr Fantastic"; Victor's assistant, Sue Storm, becomes the "Invisible Girl"; her hot-blooded younger brother, Johnny, is now the flaming "Human Torch", and lastly, pilot Ben Grimm transforms into the temperamental mass of rocks and muscles known as "The Thing". But, from the black void of space, humankind's arch-enemy arrives. Can the Fantastic 4, the unstoppable band of incredible super-heroes, thwart the destructive plans of the mysterious, Dr Doom? Nick Riganas When an experimental space voyage goes awry, four people are changed by cosmic rays. Reed Richards, inventor and leader of the group gains the ability to stretch his body, and takes the name Mr. Fantastic. His girlfriend, Sue Storm, gains the ability to turn invisible and create force fields, calling herself the Invisible Woman. Her younger brother Johnny Storm gains the ability to control fire, including covering his own body with flame, becoming the Human Torch. Pilot Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong rock creature calling himself Thing. Together, they use their unique powers to explore the strange aspects of the world, and to foil the evil plans of Doctor Doom. ahmetkozan Reed Richards is a very talented scientist seeking the funding for a space experiment. Along with his friend and partner Ben Grimm, he goes to businessman Victor Von Doom and manages to get his support. So, Reed and Ben, along with Von Doom, his partner Sue Storm and her brother Johnny, find themselves aboard Von Doom's private space station. However an accident will flood the station with cosmic rays and Reed, Ben, Sue and Johnny will gain amazing powers thus becoming the Fantastic Four. But, the four of them aren't the only ones affected by the cosmic rays... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 