 To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar (1995)55) Three drag queens travel cross-country until their car breaks down, leaving them stranded in a small town. After jointly winning a local Drag Queen pageant in New York City, Noxeema Jackson (Wesley Snipes) and Vida Boheme (Patrick Swayze) win the right and are given the round trip airfare to compete in the Drag Queen of America pageant in Hollywood, California. Noxeema sees herself as the next Dorothy Dandridge , who bucked the trend of most black American movie actresses of her time by never playing the slave house maid. Vida's style reflects her past of growing up in upper class suburban Pennsylvania. One of their fellow New York City contestants, Chi-Chi Rodriguez (John Leguizamo), is a straight-talking, but naive and inexperienced Drag Queen. Seeing that Chi-Chi needs some Drag Queen confidence (despite her bravada), Vida and a reluctant Noxeema decide to cash in their plane tickets and buy an older model Cadillac convertible and drive to Hollywood with Chi-Chi. Their drive takes them through much of the country where alternate lifestyles are less tolerated than they may be in New York City or Los Angeles. The three have an extended stay in small town Snydersville, where their car breaks down. If they ever make it out of Snydersville, they may be the better for their stay by learning more about themselves while dealing with the issues of town residents and spending more time together. Their stay is made even more precarious when they find out that Sheriff Dollard (Chris Penn), a homophobic, racist, and sexist highway Sheriff with whom they had an earlier encounter, is on their tail. Huggo Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town for the entire weekend when their car breaks down. While waiting for parts for their Cadillac convertible, the flamboyant trio shows the local homophobic rednecks that appearing different doesn't mean they don't have humanity in common. yusufpiskin After Vida Boheme (Patrick Swayze) and Noxeema Jackson (Wesley Snipes) win a major New York City drag contest and a trip to Hollywood, they are persuaded to take the inexperienced Drag Princess Chi-Chi Rodriguez (John Leguizamo) with them. They hire a beat-up old Cadillac and set off for Los Angeles, but their car breaks down in a small town in the middle of nowhere. With just their wits and an endless supply of garish costumes, they transform the town and everyone who lives there, until homophobic Sheriff Dollard (Chris Penn) catches up with them. Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> A road trip with style and panache, two Drag Queens, Noxeema Jackson (Wesley Snipes) and Vida Boheme (Patrick Swayze), and newbie and wannabe Drag Queen Chi-Chi Rodriguez (John Leguizamo) travel across America for the Drag Queen finals in Hollywood. With a cheap second-hand Cadillac convertible for transport, it's fun and adventure all the way. That is, until the old banger conks out and they're stuck in the middle of nowhere, in dusty and dry small town, backwater, Plainsville. Hot on their tails, too, is homophobic, racist Sheriff Dollard (Chris Penn), and he's as mad as hell, and he's "gonna get these men in dresses". With having to teach the young newbie the ways of becoming a fully fledged Queen, an angry Sheriff, small town blues, and the locals having to adjust to these new, strange, and colorful individuals, it all makes up for fun, frolics, and home truths from both sides of the fence. A ride on the open road and a chance meeting, this is more than just minds, friendship, and fate opening up in the unlikeliest of places. Cinema_Fan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 