 Scissors (1991)Summaries A woman trying to recover from a sexual attack is locked in a posh apartment with a corpse of the very man she's been dreaming would murder her. She tries to hang on to reality when objects around her seem to come to life. After a young woman is attacked in the elevator she meets her neighbours (two brothers) for the first time. One of the brothers has a secret, the other has a crush on her. Her analyst tries to help her over the attack, but when she is invited to a mysterious apartment things get worse and worse. Rob Hartill Twenty-something Angela Anderson, who moved to Chicago five months ago from Tulsa, works infrequently for a temp agency, allowing her to spend much of her time on her hobby of antique doll restoration. She is in therapy with Dr. Stephan Carter for sexual repression, she, still a virgin, who rebuffs the many advances of men in her life. Dr. Carter, who has used hypnotherapy on her, believes her sexual repression has something to do with someone named Billy, who she has mentioned while under but not who he or she is in her life. Dr. Carter himself is married to Ann Carter, whose focus in running for congress is taking its toll on their personal life. Angie's therapy hits a setback when in her apartment building elevator, she is attacked in an attempted rape, she able to fight off her red-bearded attacker - the only thing she remembers of him - by stabbing him in the right arm with her craft shears before he escapes. In the aftermath of the attack, she formally meets her neighbors, twin brothers Alex and Cole Morgan, a daytime soap opera actor and an artist respectively, they who live together in the apartment unit down the hall from hers and Alex who came to her aid. The brothers, in their individual attraction to her, have long wanted to meet her in noticing her as their apartment windows face each other. Their attraction to her also adds another element to their already complex relationship stemming from the accident that left Cole wheelchair-bound. Increasingly, Angie has threatening encounters with who she is certain is her attacker, it unclear if the encounters are real, purely her persecution of anyone with a red beard, or figments of her imagination. Beyond she teetering on the brink of a nervous breakdown, the question becomes if she is indeed going crazy due to her sexual repression in combination with the attempted rape, or if there is something else at play. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 