 Xena: Warrior Princess (19952001)55) Xena, a mighty Warrior Princess with a dark past, sets out to redeem herself. She is joined by small town bard, Gabrielle. Together they journey the ancient world and fight for the greater good against ruthless Warlords and Gods. Xena, once known as "Destroyer of Nations," tries to redeem herself by fighting for the greater good. On her quest, she meets Gabrielle, a small town bard hungry for adventure. Together, they take down some of the world's most formidable opponents, even the gods. Willie Nelson Crane Jr Warrior Princess Xena sets out to redeem herself for her dark past. She is joined by small town bard, Gabrielle. Together, they journey the ancient mythological world, and fight for the greater good against ruthless Warlords and Gods. A campy fantasy filled with action, adventures, Hong Kong styled martial arts, comedies, and drama, Xena comes face-to-face with her past many times over, and tries to right the wrongs she did. Gabrielle is eager to find her way and become a warrior. They go through a lot together and at the core of it all is their powerful friendship. ahmetkozan Xena, a mighty warrior and healer, once led a band of outlaws that terrorized all of Greece. She has come to regret the harm she caused and, with her companion Gabrielle, now travels the countryside seeking adventure and fighting the forces of evil. Eric Sorensen <Eric_Sorensen@fc.mcps.k12.md.us> In ancient Greece, a time of mythical legends. Xena was a mighty female warrior, Xena once left her village and led a army of outlaws that terrorized the lands, and was a former enemy of the legendary hero Hercules. Xena began to regret what she had done and embarked on a quest for redemption. Joined by a young woman named Gabrille, Xena travels across the lands as she battles forces of evil, and would often do battle with her evil foes, the ruthless and charming Ares and Callisto, a warrior woman out to get her revenge on Xena for the death of her family and burning her village when she was a child. And Xena and Gabrille were on occasions joined by trusted friends wannabe warrior, Joxer and thief Autolycus. Seeking adventure and helping people, Xena's courage will change the world... Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 