 Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman (1992)541) Raju comes to Bombay chasing his dreams, but keeps losing out on opportunities. His love, Renu helps him find a job. Success goes to his head until one day a tragic accident destroys his reputation. Holding a degree in engineering; Raj Mathur alias Raju finds that his talent is wasted in the village so he decides to re-locate to Bombay. In Bombay he faces challenges in finding the right job until he meets and befriend the Receptionist of Chhabria Builders, Renu, who with her recommendation he manages to hold the post as Chief Engineer within that company. After this there is no turning back for Raju as he continues to climb the ladder of success. But Raju faces a draw-back when a bridge that is being built under his supervision came down crushing to death some people - this negligence not only cost Raju his job but can incarcerate him as well. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) A young engineer, from a small town, moves to Mumbai, with big dreams. As he hugely advances in his career, he gets caught up in the rich and glamorous lifestyle and starts getting changed. After becoming a victim of a conspiracy, he realizes his mistake and tries to redeem himself. Abhay Bhatt Raj Mathur alias Raju lives in picturesque Darjeeling, is a devout Hindu, likes praying to Bhagwan Shri Shiv, studies Engineering, and wants to become rich - at warp speed. He does well in his studies, re-locates to Bombay, where he hopes to live temporarily with one Ram Mohan. Unfortunately, Raju is unable to locate Ram, but the friendly slum dwellers take care of him, feed him, and house him. He meets and falls in love with Renu, and it is she who gets him a job at Chhabria Builders where she works as a Receptionist. Thereafter there is no stopping Raju, as he climbs the ladder of success, and soon not only becomes the Chief Engineer but also finds a place in the heart of the Senior Partner's daughter, Sapna Chhabria. Sapna starts to make plans about Raju's bright future, which comes at a heavy price, as he does makes compromises, some of them serious enough to bring down a bridge that was being built under his supervision, resulting in the death of 4 persons. Watch what happens when Lalkishan Chhabria, his partner Malhotra and Raju try to cover-up this negligence as an act of terrorism. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Raj Mathur (Shahrukh Khan) is a young engineering graduate from Darjeeling who comes to Bombay with only one ambition - to become a big engineer. In Bombay, he arrives in a lower middle-class locality in search of a distant relative, only to discover he has left years before. He spends the night at a temple, where he meets a philosophical street side performer Jai (Nana Patekar), who becomes a close friend and gives him a place to stay. With no connections and no experience, he finds it hard to get a job in the city until a beautiful girl Renu (Juhi Chawla), finds him a job as a trainee with the construction company where she works as a secretary to Chabbria (Navin Nischol). They eventually fall in love with each other. As he becomes successful he gets the attention of Chhabria's daughter Sapna (Amrita Singh). They spend more and more time together and he soon gets caught up in the rich and glamorous lifestyle. Sapna has fallen in love with Raju, but when she finds out that he loves Renu, she is heartbroken. In the meantime, Raju's enemies are conspiring against him and they collapse a bridge which was under Raju's supervision. He gets the blame and soon realizes that the glamorous world of the rich is not what he wants. In the end, Raju decides to leave. Most people were asking Jai when Raju would come back. Jai told them when he turns his head around and looks at Renu, he will have no choice but to come back. Just a second earlier, Jai says "Palat" (meaning turn) then Raju turns and looks at Renu. He and Renu finally get reunited again. 