 Purgatory (1999 TV Movie)541) An outlaw band rides into a town that is actually Purgatory, between Heaven and Hell. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. The residents must either defend themselves against the outlaws and risk eternal damnation... or die a second time. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> The bank robbery of a town goes well for the gang led by Blackjack. Well to Blackjack is that they got the money from the bank even though innocent bystanders, townspeople and part of his gang were killed. With the town posse hot on their trail, they lose the bank money and head into a dust storm to evade the posse. When they come out, they find themselves entering the town of Refuge, whose people are friendly, helpful and unarmed. Being a gang of murderous desperadoes, except for the youngest member, they soon decide that they can do what they want. But Sonny sees a different view of the town and soon finds the truth about the townspeople and the town. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> The Old West meets the Twilight Zone as a band of desperadoes led by Blackjack Britton, on the run after a failed robbery, ride into the town of Refuge. It is immediately noticeable that something is different as the town marshal doesn't carry a gun and the gang is offered free room, food, and drink but are cautioned not to swear. Slowly, the youngest member of the gang realizes that all of the townspeople are Wild Bill Hickok, Doc Holiday, and other dead gun-fighters that he has read about in his dime novels. He also meets a young woman, whom he learns was hung, that he falls in love with. This pits him and the now non-violent gun-fighters against the gang who decide that they can destroy the whole town. However they learn that there may be greater powers involved than their own John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the late 1800s in a small, peaceful western town until a violent evil gang of bank robbers pay a visit. Led by ruthless, bloodthirsty Blackjack Britton (Eric Roberts), they take the bank. Things are progressing well, until a random troop of military soldiers ride into town. Then all hell breaks loose in the dusty little settlement. After the deadly shootout, the gang flees, only to be passionately chased by a large angry posse. Desperate, they ride straight through the night, but are unable to shake the mob who is determined to take them and hang them all. When the posse finally overtakes them, a running shootout begins, which eventaully kills the horse carrying all the money. Partially satisfied, the posse breaks off pursuit. Badly cut down, exhausted and without money, the dejected gang rides on, straight into a bizarre sandstorm. When the dust finally settles, they find themselves in a place no human eye has ever seen before. Here in this sleepy little town called Refuge, the people welcome them and invite them to take anything they want, absolutely free. It is a quiet little town, with no telegraph, and seemingly no guns or violence. The people look oddly familiar however. Why does that sheriff look like Wild Bill Hickock? Everyone knows he was killed almost ten years ago. And is that Billy The Kid? And Doc Holliday? Look, he looks like Jesse James! But arent they all dead? Who are they? One young man, Sonny (Brad Rowe) knows them all. He loves the Dime Store novels that write about all the outlaw heroes. Related to a member of the gang, Sonny wanted to join, until he saw how outlaw life really was. The only good guy in the dangerous group, he tries to befriend them, especially the mysterious Rose, a sweet young girl in town. He finally dismisses his crazy ideas that is, until late one night a mysterious coach arrives and drops off a woman, a woman who died in his arms in the bank robbery town! The coach vanishes into thin air, and Sonny begins a relentless pursuit of the truth, never dreaming where his search will lead, or what it will cost him. Welcome to Refuge. 