 Eclipse (1994)44) A round of unerotic sexual couplings in Toronto, interspersed with interviews about an impending total eclipse. In one week's time, a total eclipse of the sun will be visible from Toronto. Teenager Angelo is shooting a video documentary about eclipses for a school project. He speaks to several people, who, interviewed on camera, discuss several aspects of solar eclipses, most with the recurring theme of the magic and mysticism people feel associated to the event. In the course of the week, the approaching eclipse affects ten individuals sexually. The first two have a sexual encounter, followed by one moving onto a sexual encounter with another person, who moves onto another person and so on until the tenth comes full circle to have sex with the first person. These sexual encounters as a whole span the gamut of familiarity, emotional connectedness, and physical connectedness, but each has the common aspect of the participants not knowing quite why they felt the need to have that encounter, or at least not admitting it. Huggo An episodic look at ten characters in Toronto, during the week leading up to a solar eclipse. The pending eclipse brings something to the air: perhaps fear of abandonment, perhaps ambiguity. Each of the ten has two sexual encounters, usually one with someone familiar (a mistress, an ex-lover, a husband) and one with a stranger. Sometimes these encounters bring tears or other strong emotions. For a few, the sex precedes the telling of their life story or an examination of who they are. From time to time, a professor, a person in the street, or a Japanese tourist comments on the meaning of a total eclipse. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Eclipse is a dramatic film structured around a series of intimate liaisons. Set in Toronto in the two - week period preceding a total eclipse of the sun, Eclipse presents the very private lives of ten characters who come together in love, desire and need. As anticipation in the city builds towards the day of eclipse, a carnival - like atmosphere pervades. Tourists, eclipse- chasers and scientists converge to experiment the event, while retailers and the popular media exploit the celestial drama for economic profit. The general hoopla is documented for a school video project by Angelo, a precocious teenage boy. Meanwhile, each of the film's ten principal characters (including Angelo) becomes intimately involved with two different partners. Strand Releasing <strand@strandreleasing.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 