 Lord of Illusions (1995)44) A private detective gets more than he bargains for when he encounters Philip Swan, a performer whose amazing illusions captivate the world, but they are not really what everyone thinks. During a routine case in L.A., NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult, who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader Nix. 13 years ago, Nix was gunned down by his best trainee Swann. In the meantime Swann is advanced to a popular illusionist like David Copperfield and is married to the charming Dorothea. She hires D'Amour to protect Swann against the evil cult members. A short time later Swann is killed by one of his own tricks and the occurrences are turning over, and it crackles between Dorothea and D'Amour. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> As a twelve-year-old hostage, Dorothea assists in the brutal murder of her captor, Nix, an evil cult leader with supernatural powers, by his former protege, Philip Swann. Thirteen years later, she seeks the assistance of a detective specializing in the occult when former cult members associated with Swann, now a prominent illusionist, are threatened by Nix's most loyal and sadistic disciple. Molly Rose Steed In 1982, a group led by a man called Swann breaks in a cult in the Mojave Desert to rescue a teenager from the evil leader Nix the Puritan. Thirteen years later, New York private detective Harry D'Amour is assigned to investigate a embezzler that is spending money in Los Angeles and he stumbles upon the fortune teller Quaid that was tortured and murdered by two men. Soon he is hired by Dorothea Swann, the wife of the famous illusionist Philip Swann, to investigate the murder of Quaid. She invites D'Amour to go with her to a show of magic of her husband. When Swann is killed on stage during his act of illusion, D'Amour meets other illusionists in the Magic Castle where he learns that magic does exist, in the beginning of his weird journey to the evil world of Nix. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 