 The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle (2000)651) When enemies Boris, Natasha, and Fearless Leader escape into the real world with a nefarious scheme, Rocky and Bullwinkle do the same, and team up with a young F.B.I. Agent to stop the trio. 35 years after The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show's cancellation, our two TV heroes have been living off the finances of their reruns on TV. To make matters worse, Rocky has lost his ability to fly, and the trees in Frostbite Falls have all been cut down. Meanwhile, over in Pottsylvania, home of Rocky and Bullwinkle's arch enemies Fearless Leader, Boris, and Natasha, the Iron Curtain has fallen, leading the villains to leave Pottsylvania, and dig through a tunnel all the way to the TV of a Hollywood Producer, Minnie Mogul. She signs a contract, giving her the rights to produce the Rocky and Bullwinkle Movie, and accidentally pulls the three villains out of the TV, turning them into humans! Now, they have an evil plan to hypnotize America, using RBTV (Really Bad TeleVision), making everyone's mind mush, so he can go on to the TV, and get everyone to vote him President of the USA! However, new FBI Agent Karen Sympathy has an assignment--get the only ones who could ever defeat the villains- Rocky and Bullwinkle. Using a green light lighthouse, Rocky and Bullwinkle (and their Narrator) are sucked out of the TV world, and to real life as 3D computer-generated characters! With all of America being hypnotized, and Fearless Leader's evil speech in 48 hours, and Boris and Natasha giving chase, planning to use a computer laser to send destroy moose and squirrel, it's Rocky, Bullwinkle, and Karen on a hilarious, pun-filled, and cameo-filled adventure to New York by plane, car, truck, hoof, flying squirrel, and yes, e-mail, to stop Fearless Leader and save America! Anthony M In 1964 the Rocky and Bullwinkle Show went off air and life became very depressing for Bullwinkle J. Moose and Rocket J. Squirrel. Their home Frostbite Falls had become crippled by years of re-runs, the forests are in deforestation and the once majestic falls now a sludge waterfall. In Pottsylvania, Fearless Leader, Boris Badenov and Natasha Fatale are having tough times too when the Iron Curtain collapses on them and the citizens of the country become free. However, Fearless Leader comes up with a daring plan and he and his minions dig all the way to Los Angeles. Then in a film studio, they meet with Minnie Mogul, who is looking for a not-so intelligent film script which she can make as her own. From within a television set, the villains convince her to produce the "Rocky and Bullwinkle Movie" by signing a contract which will give her all rights to the old show. She signs the contract, and then pulls it out of the television, bringing the villains with it and turning them into live-action stars. The villains claim they came because they were "attached to the project." Now, they have an evil plan to ultimately hypnotize America, using RBTV, which stands for "Really Bad Television" making everyone's mind mush, so he can go on to the TV, and get everyone to vote him as President of the USA! Meanwhile Rocky and Bullwinkle are sucked out of the TV world, and turned into real life as 3D computer-generated characters! It's all up to Rocky, Bullwinkle and FBI Agent Karen Sympathy to put an end of Fearless Leader's plans and save America before they wreak havoc! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Rocky and Bullwinkle have been living off the finances made from the reruns of their cartoon show. Boris and Natasha somehow manage to crossover into reality and team up with Fearless Leader, an evil criminal turned media mogul with some evil plans up his sleeve. Rocky and Bullwinkle must stop the three of them before they wreak havoc. mystic80 After producer Minnie Mogul signs a contract that brings cartoon villains Fearless Leader, Boris Badenov, and Natasha Fatale start a villainous TV station "RBTV (Really Bad TeleVision)", warm-hearted FBI Agent Karen Sympathy must obtain the help of Rocky and Bullwinkle to help to save the country from being hypnotized by Fearless Leader's plan. Matt Whiteside <RavenWerkheiserHexorcist> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Thirty-five years after their television show's cancellation in 1964, Rocket J. "Rocky" Squirrel and Bullwinkle J. Moose have been living off the finances of their reruns on TV. Their home, Frostbite Falls, has been destroyed by deforestation, Rocky has lost his ability to fly and the show's unseen Narrator now lives with his mother, spending his time narrating his own mundane life. Meanwhile, their archenemies Fearless Leader, Boris Badenov, and Natasha Fatale have lost power in Pottsylvania following the end of the Cold War. However, the three escape to a real-world Hollywood film studio, where they trick executive Minnie Mogul into signing a contract giving her rights to the show, transforming the villains from their two-dimensional cel-animated forms into live-action characters. Six months later, in Washington D.C., FBI agent Karen Sympathy and her superior, Cappy von Trapment, inform President Signoff that Fearless Leader intends to make himself President of the United States by brainwashing television viewers using his own cable television network named "RBTV" ("Really Bad Television"), which airs mind-numbing programming designed to zombify the public and persuade them to elect him as president. Karen is sent to a special lighthouse to bring Rocky and Bullwinkle into the real world by literally green-lighting a film starring the pair. Karen succeeds, with The Narrator being brought along as well but never being physically seen. Fearless Leader is informed that Rocky and Bullwinkle have returned and sends Boris and Natasha to destroy them. The two spies are given a weapon called the CDI ("Computer Degenerating Imagery"), which removes cartoon characters from the real world by sending them to the Internet. Karen steals the villains' truck, but is subsequently arrested by an Oklahoma state trooper who was tricked by Natasha, posing as Karen. Natasha and Boris in turn steal a helicopter to pursue Rocky and Bullwinkle, who are picked up and given a ride by Martin and Lewis, two students at a live-action version of Bullwinkle's old university, Wossamotta U. Boris and Natasha arrive first and make a large donation to the university in Bullwinkle's name. In return, the head of the university gives Bullwinkle an honorary "Mooster's Degree" and Bullwinkle addresses the student body, who are currently protesting against cartoons, whilst Boris attempts to kill him with the CDI from a water tower. Rocky recovers his lost ability to fly and saves the oblivious Bullwinkle, winning the hearts of the students. Martin and Lewis lend the two their car, which Bullwinkle drives to Chicago. Boris and Natasha once again attempt to kill the two, but instead accidentally destroy their helicopter. Meanwhile, Karen escapes prison with the help from a love-struck Swedish guard named Ole. Karen, Rocky and Bullwinkle are reunited, but are quickly arrested for various misdemeanors (mostly related to the Fourth Wall) that they have committed during their journey. The three are put on trial, where Bullwinkle inadvertently sabotages their case by cross-examining Karen as the prosecutor, not the defense attorney. However, the presiding Judge Cameo dismisses their case upon recognizing Rocky and Bullwinkle, stating to the district attorney that celebrities are above the law. The trio obtain a biplane from a man named Old Jeb and evade Boris and Natasha once again. The duo consider quitting their evil occupations and getting married, but are interrupted by a call from Fearless Leader. Afraid to admit they have failed, they lie and tell him they have killed Rocky and Bullwinkle. Fearless Leader initiates his plan, brainwashing the entire country. Meanwhile, the plane is unable to carry the weight of all three aboard. Rocky flies Karen to New York City to stop Fearless Leader, but they are captured. Meanwhile, Bullwinkle accidentally flies the plane to Washington, D.C., confusing it for New York, and crashes on the White House lawn. To get Bullwinkle to New York in time to stop Fearless Leader, Cappy scans Bullwinkle into the White House's computer and emails him to RBTV's headquarters, where he interrupts the broadcast and save Karen and Rocky. Karen knocks Boris and Natasha together, Bullwinkle throws Fearless Leader to his comrades and Rocky ties the three villains together with the cable's wire. The heroes convince the American public to vote for whomever they want, as well as replant Frostbite Falls' trees. Bullwinkle accidentally activates the CDI, and zaps Boris, Natasha and Fearless Leader, reverting them back to their two-dimensional animated cartoon forms and banishing them to the Internet once and for all. In the aftermath, RBTV is changed from "Really Bad Television" to "Rocky and Bullwinkle Television" (Bullwinkle, in a self-deprecating manner, jokingly says "What's the difference?") Karen and Ole start dating, and Rocky, Bullwinkle and The Narrator return home to a rejuvenated Frostbite Falls. 