 The Scarlet Letter (1995)Summaries An affair between a young woman and a pastor has disastrous consequences. In 1666 in the Massachusetts Bay colony, Puritans and the Algonquian have an uneasy truce. Hester Prynne (Demi Moore) arrives from England, seeking independence. Awaiting her husband, she establishes independence, fixing up a house, befriending Quakers and other outsiders. Passion draws her to the young pastor, Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale (Gary Oldman). He feels the same; when they learn her husband has probably died at the hands of Indians, they consummate their love. A child is born, and on the day Hester is publicly humiliated and made to wear a scarlet letter, her husband appears after a year with Indians. Calling himself Chillingworth (Robert Duvall), he seeks revenge, searching out Hester's lover and stirring fears of witchcraft. Will his murderous plot succeed? <jhailey@hotmail.com> New England in the seventeenth century: Young Hester Prynne (Demi Moore) arrives at the colony with the purpose to find a house for herself and her husband, old doctor Roger Prynne (Robert Duvall), who still resides in good old England and will follow later. From the first day, the other inhabitants of the village notice that Hester is intelligent and independent, which attracts some and offends others. When she, however, finds herself a house near the forest and takes a walk in it, she sees by chance a naked young man swimming in the river nearby. The man, as she finds out later, is the very popular Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale (Gary Oldman). The two soon find themselves attracted to each other and secretly begin an affair. As the result of this, Hester becomes pregnant and when the government finds out, she is showed up in public and has to wear a scarlet "A" for "adultery" on her chest. Because of this, but also because she refuses to tell the name of her child's father, she goes to jail where she gives birth to her daughter, Pearl (Tallulah Willis). Then, surprisingly, Roger Prynne, whose ship was supposed to have been destroyed in a storm with no survivors, appears in the village. The doctor is now driven by the idea to find out who was Hester's lover and destroy his life, as well as the life of Hester. Smoothhoney1265 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 