 A Kiss Before Dying (1991)44) A determined student murders his pregnant secret girlfriend and moves onto her twin sister who gradually becomes suspicious of her new lover. Realising his secret girlfriend Dorothy's pregnancy will sour her relations with her ultra-rich father, career-minded Philadelphia student Jonathan Corliss coolly murders her, making it look like suicide. He then moves to New York to woo her twin sister Ellen. All seems to go well for him, although Ellen's continued investigations into what she is convinced was not a suicide forces him to kill again. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Dorothy Carlsson, the daughter of Thor Carlsson, a wealthy industrialist meets her boyfriend at City Hall to get married. But the office is closed so they go to the roof and that's when he kills her by pushing her off the roof. He sends a letter that sounds like she was thinking of committing suicide. And when her father and twin sister, Ellen arrive, all Thor can think of is their family's image but Ellen doesn't thinks she killed herself. And they learn she was pregnant. Ellen would go around trying to find out who got her pregnant but so far no one knows apparently her father was so overprotective he hired someone to keep an eye on her. They guy who killed her hits the road. A few years later Ellen goes to the school to talk to her boyfriend who claims that he's not the one who got her pregnant but thinks he knows who it is. He goes to his apartment to get a yearbook with the man's photo in it but as soon as he gets it the guy shows up and kills him and makes it look like a suicide. Ellen then goes home to her boyfriend, Jay who unbeknownst to her is the guy who killed her sister. rcs0411@yahoo.com A rich young woman named Dorothy Carlsson is eager to marry her boyfriend Jay, but it is only a ruse because she is pregnant he is not too happy about it, and her father Thor Carlsson will disown her if he finds out. He kills Dorothy and stages her death to look like she jumped from the roof of the building. Meanwhile her twin sister Ellen, is the only one who believes that her sister did not commit suicide and she starts investigating her death. Ellen meets up with Dorothy's ex-boyfriend Tommy who says he knows the guy that she was dating. Unfortunately, Jonathan (the name he is using now), strangles him, and stages his death to look like a hanging. Jonathan murders Dorothy's college best friend Patricia when she too is about to spill the beans to Ellen. Meanwhile Ellen, is becoming suspicious of her now-husband and she's determined to find out who he really is before she becomes the next victim. . charmardee-smith It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 