 Wild Reeds (1994)321) The fates of two homosexual partners are divided. A village in Southern France, 1962. The Algerian war is coming to an end. Teenagers Mate and Franois are friends. Franois realizes he has feelings for his classmate Serge, who is instead attracted to Mate - but Mate is more interested in politics than in Serge. Her views are opposed to those of Henri, another classmate of the boys. The four of them entangle in a game of tensions and emotions. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in southwest France in the year 1962, the film is a coming of age story of three young people Franois Forestier (Gal Morel), Mat Alvarez (lodie Bouchez) and Serge Bartolo (Stphane Rideau). Franois is a shy young man from a lower middle class background, working for his baccalaureate (high school diploma) at a boarding school. He is a close friend of Mat, whose mother Madame Alvarez (Michle Moretti) is a French teacher at his school. He spends most of his time talking about movies and literature with Mat. Mme Alvarez and Mat are communists. The film begins with Franois and Mat attending the wedding of Pierre Bartolo (Eric Kreikenmayer) a former student of Mme Alvarez. There they meet Serge who is the groom's brother and is a classmate of Franois. Franois considers him a bit dumb. Serge's family is originally from Italy. At the wedding party, Pierre asks Mme Alvarez to help him get out of the army which is fighting in Algeria but she refuses. Later in one of the French classes we get introduced to an Algerian born French exile Henri Mariani (Frdric Gorny). Henri is older than his classmates because he had flunked 3 times at a private school where he was studying before. He is obsessed with events in Algeria and supports the OAS, which opposes Algerian independence and defends the rights of French settlers there. One night Serge joins Franois in the dormitory to chat. They end up having a sexual encounter. They also agree to help each other in their respective strong subjects of French and Mathematics so that they both can get their baccalaureate. Franois discovers his homosexuality and develops a deep attraction for Serge and confides this discovery to Mat. She accepts this news and tells him that she doesn't care what he does with others because their friendship counts for so much more. Later we see Franois and Henri in a conversation in which they talk about their fears and how Henri had once tried to kill himself after his father had died. Pierre dies while serving in the army in Algeria, and Mat's mother suffers a nervous breakdown, having previously refused to help Pierre desert. After the funeral Mat goes up to Serge to console him, when he decides to go for a swim. While in the water he confesses that he is attracted to Mat. Mat is flattered but says that she is interested in no one at the moment and what she would really like is to be 10 years older so that she can have a life of her own. Later in the dormitory, Serge tells Franois that he blames Henri for the death of his brother. During the conversation Henri comes to them and Serge and Henri get into a fight. In trying to break the fight, Franois gets injured. Henri later tells Franois that he only bothered them because he thought that Serge, like him, understands war now that he has lost a loved one. He also bluntly tells Franois to own up to his homosexuality. Subsequently Franois meets Mat where he praises Henri which disgusts Mat. She says that he is only praising Henri because he wants to sleep with Henri. Franois agrees and says that he is cursed by wanting to sleep with any boy that he is attracted to. Mat tells him that he will soon grow out of this phase like Monsieur Cassagne (Michel Ruhl) who is a shoe store owner and now lives with his long term partner. To replace Mme Alvarez, Monsieur Morelli (Jacques Nolot) teaches the French class where they have a recitation of "The Oak and the Reed", one of Aesop's Fables. At the end of the class he offers to help Henri in his studies. Henri initially refuses but later comes to the extra classes that Monsieur Morelli had offered. When Serge stops coming to school, Franois goes to meet him at his residence. He tells Franois that he had a sexual encounter with his brother's widow Irne (Nathalie Vignes) and now is thinking of marrying her even though he doesn't really love her. Later they go to Toulouse where Serge gets completely drunk. Later, after one of the leaders of O.A.S. is given life imprisonment, Henri disillusioned with his present life decides to quit school. While walking to the train station he comes across a communist party pamphlet on which the address of the local headquarters of the communist party is given. He goes to the location with the intention of burning it down but sees Mat there studying. Though having opposite political views, Mat invites him for a cup of coffee during which they read one of Henri's mother's letters which Henri has not read yet. He later confesses to her about his intention to burn down the building but couldn't proceed after seeing her. She asks him to get out. Later we find that Henri was expelled by the school board during a conversation between Mme Alvarez and Mon. Morelli. While waiting for their exam results Franois, Mat and Serge decide to go for a swim. While Mat goes to a shop to buy a bathing suit, Franois goes to Monsieur Cassagne's shoe store to ask him for advice on his love life. Monsieur Cassagne nervously says that he cannot help him as he has forgotten what happened to him during his youth. Meanwhile Serge accuses Mat of never staying alone with him to which Mat replies that she is scared of him because he would ask for physical intimacy which she cannot give. Later they are joined by Henri who has stayed back at a hotel and is to catch a train in the evening. At the river, Franois and Serge get into the water and swim. Mat decides not to go because she now does not like the bathing suit. So Franois and Serge leave Mat and Henri behind. Henri later confesses to Mat that he is attracted to her and the real reason he hasn't left is that he wanted to see her once more. Mat tells him that the feeling is mutual and they later make love. Meanwhile Franois asks Serge if they would be sexually involved ever again to which Serge replies that their earlier sexual encounter was for him just done out of curiosity and it was best if they forget all of it. After their lovemaking, Mat asks Henri to leave saying that even though they love each other that was no reason to stay together. She later joins Franois and Serge as they make their way back to the school. 