 Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (19931999)321) In the vicinity of the liberated planet of Bajor, the Federation space station Deep Space Nine guards the opening of a stable wormhole to the far side of the galaxy. The stable wormhole discovered by the Deep Space Nine crew is known to the Bajoran people as the Celestial Temple of their Prophets. Sisko, as discoverer of the wormhole and its inhabitants, is therefore the Emissary of Bajoran prophesy. The wormhole's other end is in the Gamma Quadrant, halfway around the galaxy from Bajor. That section of space is dominated by the malevolent Dominion. The Dominion is led by the Changelings, the race of shapeshifters to which Odo belongs. As of the beginning of the sixth season, Cardassia has joined the Dominion, and together they are waging war on the Federation and their Klingon allies. The war is quickly becoming the most costly war ever for the Federation, and the Deep Space Nine crew must fight to protect their way of life. Matthew D. Wilson <mdw1900@rit.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Commander Sisko has been assigned to the remote Starfleet outpost, space station Deep Space 9, where he has to oversee the recovery of the Bajoran people who are at the tail end of a lengthy war with a neighbouring race called The Cardassians. The discovery of a stable wormhole within Bajoran space suddenly turns the quiet station into a strategic centre for the whole galaxy, making the typical domestic and cultural issues that Sisko normally has to navigate through, take second place to fears of a new race from the other side of the galaxy. This new race appears to be more powerful than anything Starfleet and the Federation have encountered before. Although on the surface they neither appear aggressive nor peaceful, their might becomes a concern for Starfleet as their presence could eventually upset the current fragile peace already existing between the resident alien super powers, by them trying to gain an additional strategic foothold there. 