 Yeh Dillagi (1994)541) A poor girl is rebuked by a rich boy. She leaves town to return successful and rich. He falls for her but his brother is already in love with the girl. Sapna (Kajol) was a frequent visitor to the Saigal mansion as her father was the most trusted driver of the family. She envied the rich, and wanted to be like them. When she is reminded of her social status by the super rich brat Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan), she leaves town to make something of herself. Now she is back as a successful and wealthy model and Vicky sees her in a different light and falls for her. The problem is that his elder brother Vijay (Akshay Kumar) is already in Love with the same girl. Official Source Multi-millionaire businessman Bhanupratap Saigal and his wife Shanti are quite age-able and want their children, Vijay and Vicky to manage the business. While Vijay accept this responsibility, Vicky is a womanizer who always gets into problems now and then. His adventures lead him to fall for the family's chauffeur, Dharampal's daughter, Sapna only to learn that his brother, Vijay is also romantically attracted to Sapna. It is now up to Sapna to choose her prospective life partner. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Sapna, the daughter of the Saigal family's driver is a simple fun-loving girl, but her dreams are not as simple. She dreams about riches and day-dreams about her dream man. Vijay Saigal and Vicky Saigal, both heirs to Saigal Industries have almost all the qualities of a dream man. Almost. Because "All work and no play" makes Vijay a dull boy and "All play and no work" makes Vicky and outrageous flirt, as he does not believe in the affairs of the hearts, but only in affairs. But then even Sapna is not made of the stuff, dream girls are made of. Not until she becomes a successful model and transforms into a beautiful girl. That's when she become Vicky's dream girl. But Sapna's success hasn't changed her status. She is still the driver's daughter and Mrs. Shanti Devi may overlook her son's affairs with rich girls but not with a driver's daughter. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sapna (Kajol), the daughter of the Saigal family's driver, is a simple, fun-loving girl, but her dreams are not as simple. She envies the rich and comfortable lifestyle of the Saigal family and dreams to be rich herself someday. Vijay Saigal (Akshay Kumar) and Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan) are heirs to the Saigal Industries. Vijay, an introvert by nature runs the entire Saigal family business, while Vicky is an irresponsible Casanova and an outrageous flirt. An incident causes friction between them, when he hurts Sapna and reminds her of being from a lower status. Sapna leaves her small town to come to Bombay - a city of dreams, where luck favours her and success embraces her. Her talent and hard work stands out and she gets noticed among her peers and becomes the countrys topmost model. That's when she becomes Vicky's dream girl and goes back to her home town to avenge her insult. Big brother, Vijay takes upon himself to iron out the differences, but gets attracted by Sapna's simplicity and finds himself falling in love with her. On the other hand, Vicky also falls for Sapnas charm and unlike his flirtatious self, sees himself transform into someone who understands the meaning of true love. How the story evolves in this complex situation among these three individuals forms the crux of this film, where one brother is ready to give his life for love and the other is ready to sacrifice his love for his brother's life. 