 Angels in the Outfield (1994)541) When a boy prays for a chance to have a family if the California Angels win the pennant, angels are assigned to make that possible. Roger, who has lost his mother, is living separated from his father. As he and his friend J.P. are fans of the California Angels baseball team, he has got only two dreams: living together with a real family and seeing the Angels winning the Pennant. Volker Boehm Roger Bomman lives in a foster home along with his best friend J.P., but when Roger's dad comes to visit him, a little bit of hope grows back into Roger's heart about him going to live with his dad. But his hopes suddenly die down when his dad says that they can be a family again when Roger's favorite baseball team, the California Angels, win the pennant, but the team is in last place in their division. So Roger prays to heaven and ask if the angels up there can help the Angels (baseball team) win the pennant so Roger can have the family that he always wanted, and because of his prayer, he just might. nick_z13 The California Angels are currently the worst team in their division. It seems that the players have a little trouble with their teamwork. Manager George Knox would like nothing better than to dump all of them, which the owner says is impossible. Roger is a boy whose mother died and is currently living in a foster home. His father feels that it would probably be in Roger's best interest if he becomes a ward of the state. But Roger would rather that he and his father get back together, and when he asks his father if that is possible, his father's reply is "when the Angels win the pennant". Roger then prays and asks if they could help the team. When Roger goes to a game, he sees some angels come down from the sky and they help the players make some astounding catches and hits. When Roger tells Mr. Knox about it, Mr. Knox decides to keep him at every game, and it seems that Mr. Knox's faith is put to the test because it seems that the angels are going to help if he uses his worst players, but it seems to be working. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young foster child Roger Bomman and his friend, J.P., love to sneak into baseball games of the struggling California Angels. Still in limited contact with his widowed father, Roger asks when they will be a family again. His father replies sarcastically, "I'd say when the Angels win the pennant." Taking his father's words literally, he prays for God to help the Angels win. In a game against the Toronto Blue Jays which Roger and J.P. attend, he sees a group of angels led by Al helping the team. Although he can see them quite clearly, everyone else can only explain the seemingly impossible acts as freak occurrences. Roger's unique ability to see which players are receiving help from angels leads their skeptical manager George Knox to keep him around as a good luck charm and consultant. Due to the much-needed help, the Angels start to win games and make a surprising second-half surge to the top of their division. Roger's father permanently gives up custody of him, believing it's in Roger's best interest. As Roger laments his loss, an equally distraught J.P. accidentally reveals to antagonistic sportscaster Ranch Wilder that Roger has the ability to see angels, and that George has been winning through the advice Roger gave him. Hoping to destroy George's career in baseball due to a long-time mutual hatred between them, Wilder informs the press of this, and their owner Hank Murphy threatens to relieve George of his management responsibilities. Roger comes clean to his caretaker Maggie Nelson about his special ability, and at a press conference, they and the entire team defend George in front of the press. Moved by their faith, Murphy allows him to remain as the Angels' manager. During the final game of the season against the rival Chicago White Sox, none of the angels show up to help the team. Later on, Al appears to Roger and explains that championships must be decided without the angels' intervention. He also says that he is there to check on pitcher Mel Clark, who only has 6 months to live due to his years of smoking and will become an angel himself. Mel struggles in the ninth inning but perseveres after encouragement from George, his team, and the fans in attendance. The Angels ultimately win the game on their own and clinch the division title and the pennant, while Wilder is fired for his denigration of the team. George adopts Roger and J.P., as he wants to try to be a father. J.P. sees Al and says, "I knew it could happen." Al flies off and says, "We're always watching". 