 Karan Arjun (1995)88) Karan and Arjun reincarnate in the different parts of the country. But the faith of their previous mother brings them together in order to avenge their death. When Durga's husband speaks out against the tyrannical rule of his brother Durjan Singh, he is mercilessly killed, leaving Durga and her sons Karan and Arjun destitute. Durga brings up her sons without informing them of their heritage or their father's death, but they soon find out when the elder Thakur decides to invite Durga back into his household. This does not augur well with Durjan Singh, and he has the elder Thakur killed. When he finds out about Durga, he goes to end her life, but her sons spring up to defend her, only to get themselves killed. Alone, more destitute than ever, and devastated, Durga loses her mind and prays to God to bring her sons back so that they can avenge her humiliation, and the death of their father. 17 years later, two youth re-enter her life. They do look like her sons and are ready to take on Durjan Singh, but will they also meet the same fate as Karan, Arjun, and their father? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Durga marries into a wealthy family only to have her husband brutally murdered by Thakur Durjan Singh, who wants to take control of her family's legacy. Durga brings up two sons Karan Singh and Arjun Singh on her own; one day when they decide to go against Durjan, they get murdered. In a state of shock and dismay, Durga roams the entire village and prays to the Hindu goddess to return her sons to her. Years later, two young men from different aspects of life enter her life and are all set to take on Durjan but will history repeats itself as in the case of Karan and Arjun? gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) After witnessing the brutal murder of her sons Karan and Arjun by the merciless Durjan Singh, Durga seeks refuge in a Goddess Kali Temple praying for her sons' rebirth. Fast-forward 18 years and her sons are reborn with different identities, Karan as Ajay and Arjun as Vijay. The two eventually meet and not only reunite with their mother but also plan to extract revenge against Durjan and his atrocities. Durga lives happily with her sons Karan and Arjun, who learn that they belong to a royal family and their father was killed by his cousin Durjan Singh. They go to meet their grandfather, who's on his deathbed. But Durjan Singh arrives with his met. Durga manages to get her sons safely out of the mansion, but they get killed by Durjan's men on their way home. Durga pleads to God to return her sons; her pleas are heard as Karan and Arjun are reborn as Ajay and Vijay to different parents. Many years later, Durga lives only with the hope that her sons will come back to get revenge on Durjan Singh. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Durga raises her two sons Karan and Arjun in a rural Indian village. One day, when the brothers visit their rich grandfather at his mansion for the first time in 20 years, they are killed by Thakur Durjan Singh, who wishes to own the entire family's wealth and ancestral mansion himself. Durga refuses to accept the loss of her sons, and goes to the temple to pray to the Hindu goddess to return her sons to her for them to avenge her humiliation and take revenge against Durjan Singh. 17 years later, two lookalikes, Ajay and Vijay, enter Durga's life as Karan and Arjun and attempt to take revenge against Durjan Singh, not knowing that both will reach the same fate as Karan and Arjun as Durjan has now formed his own gang and has more high-tech weapons to eliminate his enemies. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Durga is a widow who has single-handedly raised her two sons Karan and Arjun. When they are killed by their evil uncle Durjan Singh, Durga prays to Goddess Kali to return her sons to her. Karan and Arjun are reborn but in different places and not knowing their past. When they learn about their previous life, they join forces to take revenge upon Durjan Singh. Soumitra Mandated and ignorant Durjan Singh is given a wakeup call when Durga and her two sons Karan and Arjun are brought back home by the landlord and given the house and property. Upset by this, Durjan Singh decided to kill Durga's two sons, but by the grace of mother Kali they were reincarnated, but in different neighborhoods. One day their old memories began to flash back when they happen to meet in a fight and before you know it they're with their mother Durga again to avenge their deaths and their mother's ruination. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 