 When One Falls in Love (1998)44) A Playboy's past catches up with him, when he wants to get married After the death of his parents Suraj Dhanrajgir is left in the care of his grandfather, Dadaji. Dadaji entrusts the task of his upbringing to Mahesh but unfortunately Suraj goes out of hand and gets accustom having his way with women and alcohol. When Dadaji learns of this he is apprehensive of the way Suraj treats women and he is instructed to abstain from this behavior. Suraj meets Komal Sinha and falls in love with her but Komal will have nothing to do with him due to his errant way of treating women. Then Suraj fakes his identity and is able to attain the love of Komal but when she finds out his identity she once again leave him forcing Dadaji to convince her. Unfortunately for Suraj a child suddenly shows up claiming that Suraj is his father which throws he and Kajal's life back to square one. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Mr. Dhanrajgir or Dadaji (Anupam Kher) is the paternal grandfather of Suraj (Salman Khan). Dadaji is concerned about the manner Suraj treats young ladies, he just flirts with them one after another. Then Suraj meets with the girl of his dreams, Komal Sinha (Twinkle Khanna). Komal lives with her uncle and aunt (Harish Patel and Himani Shivpuri), and does not appreciate Suraj's advances. So Suraj takes on the identity of Suraj Dhanwa, a childhood friend of Komal Sinha and her family. Komal accepts him and also falls in love with him. But then the real Suraj Dhanwa shows up, resulting in the break-up of both Suraj and Komal. Komal is not convinced that Suraj will stop his flirtatious attitude, and is hurt by his impersonating Mr. Dhanwa. Matters are further complicated when a child named Kabir shows up claiming that Suraj is his dad. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Suraj Dhanrajgir (Played by Salman Khan) is a rich playboy who cares about nothing except chasing girls and drinking. He meets Komal and falls in love with her, but she rejects him for his behaviour and he seeks his grandfather's help to speak to the girl's uncle and aunt. Komal agrees to marry Suraj on the condition that he must quit all his bad habits within six months. It is a difficult task for Suraj, but he keeps his word so he can prove that he is willing to change. The two lovers are happy and soon make plans for their wedding, and both famillies are excited. However, Suraj's world suddenly shatters when he finds an eight-year-old boy named Kabir waiting infront of his house and tells him that he is his son; a result of an old affair and his mother died when he was very young. Suraj is afriad of telling the truth to his fiance, and finds himself torn between Komal and Kabir. adriano_r It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 