 Another Stakeout (1993)541) Two immature detectives are joined by a pesky assistant district attorney in staking out a lakeside home where a Mafia trial witness is believed to be heading. Chris and Bill are called upon for their excellent surveillance record to stakeout a lakeside home where a Mafia trial witness is believed to be heading or already hiding. Unlike their earlier _Stakeout_, this time they are accompanied by Gina Garret from the DA's office and her pet rottweiler 'Archie'; their cover, husband and wife with son Bill. Rob Hartill A witness against the Mafia is being secretly held till the trial when a violent attempt against her is made that kills several of her guards. She disappears and Bill and Chris are sent to another stakeout. This one is arranged by the D.A.'s office and comes with Gina (and her pet Rottweiler) who is to keep an eye on them since the observation post is a vacation resort community in the home of a judge. Bill and Chris are annoyed and are every bit as childish as before. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> When a woman who's suppose testify against the mob is placed in protective custody. However a mob hit man finds the safe house and blows it up. The woman's body is not found. Now the D.A. tries to find her so he ask the cops to keep an eye on all the places she could go. And one of these places is in Seattle so Detectives Chris Lecce and Bill Reimers are sent to cover the place and accompanying them is A.D.A. Gina Garrett. And the three of them pretend to be a family. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Early one morning outside of Las Vegas, Nevada, Chicago crime boss Tony Castellano (Miguel Ferrer) disguises himself as a septic worker and pumps gasoline beneath the safe house where police have sheltered Luella "Lu" Delano (Cathy Moriarity) and her husband, Michael (Michael DeLano), from potential attack. However, the agents fail to prevent the explosion, which demolishes the house and sets Michael on fire. Once the debris has settled, they are unable to find Lu, infuriating the District Attorney Thomas Hassrick (John Rubinstein), who considers her a crucial witness in the upcoming trial against Castellano. Meanwhile, in Seattle, Washington, undercover police partners Chris Lecce (Richard Dreyfuss) and Bill Reimers (Emilio Estevez) pursue an accused murderer through the city. Although Chris traps his target inside a garbage truck receptacle, the victim's vindictive friend steals his gun and shoots the criminal. When the duo returns to the police precinct, they are reprimanded by the captain and temporarily reassigned to work under Assistant District Attorney Gina Garrett (Rosie O'Donnell). She briefs them on the missing person case of Lu Delano, and instructs them to stake out the home of Lu's Seattle friends, Brian (Dennis Farina) and Pam O'Hara (Marcia Strassman), with whom Lu has made contact. Planning to move into the house next door, Chris and Gina pose as a wealthy married couple with Bill as their son. Chris returns to his apartment to find his girlfriend, Maria McGuire (Madeleine Stowe), in the midst of packing his belongings to throw him out, since he refuses to marry her after six years together. Although Chris relents and agrees to get married, she punches him in the stomach and leaves. Before picking up Gina and her Rottweiler dog, Archie, Chris and Bill receive their undercover vehicle, a red convertible, with strict instructions to return it undamaged. Gina attempts to establish a convincing cover, which requires Bill to shave his mustache to appear younger. Upon arrival at the sprawling bay-front house, Archie chases a stray cat into the O'Hara's yard, which allows the "family" to introduce themselves. Throughout the day, Bill becomes paranoid that Maria actually left him for another man, but is unable to reach her. Gina suggests they invite the O'Haras over for drinks, which ignites an argument between her and Chris, who disapproves of the idea. Early the next morning, Bill notices Brian O'Hara leaving his house for a jog and sends Gina to follow him with Archie. Inside, Chris watches Pam O'Hara gardening until Gina eventually returns with a sprained ankle. Later, someone throws a baseball through the window, scaring the officers. Chris discovers the ball belongs to the son of their attractive neighbor, Barbara Burnside (Sharon Maughan). While returning it, he misses a telephone call from Maria. After realizing the O'Haras are not at home, Bill sneaks inside their house to install surveillance equipment, but in his frenzied panic to escape unnoticed, locks his tool bag inside. Gina distracts the returning O'Haras by inviting them to dinner that evening. As she cooks, Bill and Chris threaten to quit the assignment, but Gina's tears persuade them to stay. When the O'Haras arrive, Bill sneaks back inside their house to install the bug, but Lu knocks him unconscious and ties him up in the basement. During dinner, Maria telephones again, forced by an unseen hitman to tell Chris she is moving to Mexico on Friday. Brian overhears the conversation and believes him to be unfaithful to Gina. He confides his discovery to Pam before the two rush to leave. Back at their house, the O'Haras discover that Lu has taken Bill captive and plans to kill him to prevent him from talking. Chris and Gina see the O'Haras dumping Bill's body in the trunk of their car and follow as Lu takes him to the docks. Mistaking him for a hitman hired by Castellano, she takes aim with her handgun, but Bill dives into the bay. Chris speeds toward Lu, who fires at their convertible until she is forced to jump into the water, followed by Chris, who knocks her unconscious. The dock buckles under the weight of the car, and despite Bill's efforts to stop it, collapses. The next morning, Lu meets Gina and the District Attorney and insists she be allowed to see the O'Haras again before she returns to Las Vegas. Outside the O'Hara's house, Bill and Chris see Castellano set up a sniper rifle nearby, preparing to kill Lu. They attempt to warn her, but she again mistakes them as her assassins, prompting their police escorts to open fire. Gina realizes her error, but Castellano shoots the two escorts and the District Attorney. After leading Lu to the outside deck, Gina is taken hostage by Castellano, but Archie the dog knocks them both into the swimming pool. Aiming at Lu, the hitman shoots Gina in the shoulder, and Chris kills him. Saying goodbye to Gina on her way to the hospital, Bill drops Chris off at his apartment. Inside, Chris proposes to Maria, and they kiss while Bill watches through binoculars. 