 Orgazmo (1997)44) Naive young Mormon Joe Young is recruited to act in porn movies. Joe Young was a simple young man trying to spread the word of the Book of Mormon when he picked the wrong house to preach at! The owner, a porn director named Maxxx Orbison, tells his henchmen to kill the guy at the door who interrupted their scene, but Joe fights off the guards with great skill, which impresses Maxxx so much that he offers Joe the lead role in the movie he's making at the moment: Orgazmo, which is about a sex superhero who fights crime with his Orgazmorator, and ChodaBoy, his sidekick. Joe, against his beliefs, takes the job so that he can pay for the wedding he plans for himself and his fiance, whom he doesn't tell about his risqu new acting job. However, when the movie becomes an amazing hit just about everywhere and he finds out that Ben (ChodaBoy) has created a real Orgazmorator, Joe is in some serious hot water! Danii Mormon Joe Young is about to get married, but he needs to find money quickly to be able to give his fianc the wedding of her dreams. By chance, he knocks on the door of a porn movie producer and is recruited as a sex superhero. However, his 'talents' are noticed and when the movie becomes a success, he finds a kind of fame that wouldn't sit well with his unknowing fianc. Joe Young is a young Mormon actor who preaches the word of God in LA and can't get anything from it. One day he stumbles on the set of new porno movie shot by well known porn director Maxxx Orbison. Maxxx chooses Joe for the title part in his new movie Captain Orgazmo. Joe soon befriends short and skinny Ben Chapleski (his sidekick in the film), who invented a ray-gun which emits a light beam that causes the most intense orgasm in whoever it hits (called Orgasmorator). Unexpectedly movie Captain Orgazmo becomes a cult hit, and Joe's girlfriend Lisa accidentally sees the movie in the video store - and the problems begin. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 