 Farscape (19992003)761) Thrown into a distant part of the universe, an Earth astronaut finds himself part of a fugitive alien starship crew. Astronaut John Crichton, on an experimental space mission, is accidentally hurled across the universe into the midst of an intergalactic conflict. Trapped among alien creatures wielding deadly technology and hunted by a merciless military race, Crichton is on an epic odyssey more spectacular than anything he has ever imagined. Dr. Jekyll NASA astronaut John Crichton is brought to the unknown part of the Universe, far away from Earth, through a wormhole.He finds his new home & new friends among aliens on a living spaceship called Moya but he also gets the enemies.He tries to go back home. John Crichton, a NASA astronaut who embarks on an experimental solo mission into space where he is sucked into a wormhole and transported to the other side of the galaxy. He's thrown into the middle of a conflict between the quadrant's law enforcement, a species known as Peacekeepers who are similar to humans, and a group of fugitives aboard a living shipped called Moya. Crichton inadvertently kills a Peacekeeper in the confusion, he is brought aboard the fugitive ship and becomes a part of the crew as they navigate the stars, evading the Peacekeepers (including one Peacekeeper who has sworn vengeance for his slain brother whom Crichton killed), and battling and befriending countless others along the way. Caitlyn Marie Astronaut John Crichton is testing NASA's space shuttle Farscape when he's suddenly hurled onto the other side of the universe, and is stuck in the middle of an intergalactic conflict. Trapped on a sentient ship known as Moya, John is stuck with a group of alien outcasts, D'Argo, Aeryn, Zhaan, Pilot and Rygel XVI; together they must stay one step ahead of the interstellar army: The Peacekeepers. Johnny Astronaut John Crichton attempts to use the Earth's atmosphere to propel his ship, Farscape 1, at great speeds across the solar system. He went much further though and was sucked down a wormhole to a distant part of the galaxy and into the middle of a battle. He is rescued by a group of escaping prisoners and taken aboard their living ship. As the years went by, Crichton has made enemies, powerful and dangerous enemies. On his journey to find a way back home, he freed other captives who became part of the crew on Moya. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Crichton was born in the 1960s in a city (or town) called "Memphis" somewhere in the United States. His father Jack Crichton was an astronaut for NASA, and John dreamed of following in his footsteps. The adult John gained degrees in astrophysics and cosmology, and eventually joined the International Aeronautics and Space Administration (IASA), an international alliance of space agencies from various countries. He gained experience by serving as a science officer in two spaceflights, was promoted to a Commander of the agency. He gained the opportunity to serve as the pilot in the test flight of the Farscape One, an experimental space module. John had helped in its design, and was eager to test his own theory on propulsion. During John's test flight, the Farscape encountered a wormhole and was teleported to an entirely different part of the galaxy. The Farscape was accidentally caught up in a battle between spaceships, without John having any comprehension who the combatants were or where he was. One of the spaceships was called the Moya, a transport vessel for prisoners, which had been hijacked by its latest prisoners. The prisoners were under the impression that John deliberately arrived to help them out, and transported him and the Farscape aboard their ship; before fleeing the battle. The initial language barrier between John and his hosts was resolved through having him infected with "translator microbes", microorganisms which somehow allow their hosts to comprehend the languages of other species and civilizations. The Moya was persistently tracked down by an enemy captain, Bialar Crais. John's accidental involvement in the space battle had caused the death of Bialar's beloved younger brother, who Bialar had sworn to always protect. While Bialar's official duty was to recapture the prisoners for the "Peacekeeper" organization, his private goal was to take revenge for the death. And he was quite willing to act against the orders of his superiors in order to achieve it, John eventually adapts to the life of a space outlaw and fugitive. An encounter with "the Ancients", a more advanced alien race, has them implant some unique information on wormholes directly to John's mind. Unfortunately these secrets made him the target Scorpius, a Peacekeeper with his own agenda and an obsession for uncovering the secrets of the wormholes. He turned out to be a far more ruthless, efficient, and calculating foe than the ones John had previously encountered. For a while, John found himself with a second persona in his own mind: a "clone" of Scorpius which he named "Harvey". This was the result of a neural chip which the real Scorpius had implanted in John. While John himself was behaving more erratically, he had to constantly struggle with "Harvey" over control of their body. "Harvey" temporarily took over completely, killed John's then-love interest Aeryn Sun (a female alien), and surrendered vital information to Scorpius. After John recovered control of his body, he was suicidal because Aeryn was dead. His ally Zotoh Zhaan eventually managed to resurrect Aeryn, but this success led to the death of Zhaan herself. Other deaths of crew-members and allies followed, and there was friction among the survivors. Following a suicidal mission, the crew of the Moya decided to part ways. For a while, John was stranded far from the Moya and had lost contact with all his allies. He eventually manage to rejoin the returning crew of the Moya, and even formed a reluctant alliance with Scorpius. Scorpius had fallen out with his superiors and had become a fugitive in his own right. After an absence of several years, John managed to return to Earth. But this threatened to involve the Earth in the ever-ongoing space conflicts, and John willingly returned to space exile in order to protect his home-world. Unfortunately a subsequent mission caused the Scarrans (another alien race) to cross the wormhole and head to Earth for a space invasion. John was forced to destroy the wormhole in order to stop the invasion, preventing anyone (including John) of reaching the Earth again. The series ends with a cliff-hanger ending. John and Aeryn become engaged, and enjoy a private moment of romance. The couple fail to notice an approaching enemy ship, and are seemingly instantly killed by its attack. The fate of the other characters are left uncertain, while a "to be continued" message advertises the next planned season. 