 Addicted to Murder: Tainted Blood (1998)211) New York City is one of the prime breeding grounds for the vampire, a creature that is very selective in whom it chooses to bestow the gift of eternal life. Among the candidates are the twenty-something Tricia, who desires to experience any life but her own; Jonathan, a young vampire with an attitude problem; and, of course, a few serial killer types like Joel Winter, who search for something beyond their psychopathic lives... But there's one problem--a rogue vampire who is turning people who aren't worthy of "The Gift"--and it's up to Angie Karnstein to find her sister and put an end to these creatures with the tainted blood. Kevin Lindenmuth Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Addicted to Murder (1995). This sequel is unusual in that it doesn't pick up where the first film leaves off; rather it attempts to fill in a gap in the first film. In Addicted to Murder, we followed the first 31-years of serial killer Joel Winter's life. At 5 years of age, Joel was introduced to Rachel, a vampire who befriended him and taught him to hunt and kill by having him "kill" her over and over again. Between 1990 and 1992, Joel's mother died, Rachel abandoned Joel, and he moved to New York City where he married and tried to live a normal life. In 1995, however, his marriage broke up and he was befriended by another vampire, Angie, who fed on Joel's anger and turn him into a vampire. By the time Joel finally caught up with Rachel (@2005), he had become a vampire hunter, and he destroys her. Addicted to Murder: Tainted Blood tries to fill in the years between Joel's move to New York in 1992 and the point where he has become a vampire hunter. Arbor Hills, Michigan: It's three weeks from Christmas, 1992. Joel Winter's mother has died, so Joel decides to move from his hometown to New York City, hopefully to find others like himself -- vampires. Unbeknown to Joel, the woman for whom he has been searching, the woman who made him what he is, the vampire Rachel, has also moved to New York City, where there is a small but thriving community of vampires. New York City: Karen [Cloud Michaels] is upset. Rachel has returned to New York City and won't follow the rules when it comes to making more vampires. One of Rachel's "strays" has found out where Karen lives and come looking to be turned completely. After killing him, Karen rings up Angie and lodges a complaint. It's dangerous, says Karen, to mix our blood and let it go unsupervised. Rachel needs to be stopped, and Angie, as one of the elder vampires (Angie is over 600 years old), has the duty of stopping her, so Angie calls in a Hunter [Joe Moretti] to find Rachel. Angie also has problems of her own. Tricia [Sarah K. Lippmann] is one of Angie's blood, but Tricia is having a hard time learning to function as a vampire. Naturally timid, Tricia has tried placing ads in the Personals column of the newspaper in order to lure victims, but she can't kill them even after biting them, so Angie has to finish Tricia's kills. When Tricia finally succeeds at her first kill, Angie coerces Jonathan [Ted Grayson], one of Rachel's more successful turns, to train Tricia. Angie also puts a tail on Jonathan, hoping that he will lead her to Rachel, but Jonathan succeeds in warning Rachel, and Rachel goes deeper into hiding. When Jonathan also disobeys the rules and feeds on someone of high profile, Angie sends out the Hunter to straighten him out by pulling his fangs so that Jonathan must go for several months without feeding. Meanwhile, still on his way to New York, Joel is having car trouble. A local redneck stops to help and offers Joel a ride to a gas station. The redneck turns out to be a demon sent by Rachel to kill Joel. He tells Joel that Rachel considers him a toy and that his blood is "tainted." Joel kills the redneck, takes his car, and continues on to New York. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 