 Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! (1998 Video)541) After a failed attempt to find the perfect birthday present for Mr Wilson, the mischievous little terror, Dennis, tries to save him from a pair of swindlers and their bogus youth remedies. Will he manage to keep their friendship strong? Hey, Mr. Wilson! It's another Dennis the Menace movie! The day starts out fine, it's Mr. Wilson's birthday and guess who shows up uninvited? Dennis and a few of his bug friends. After getting a cake in the face and falling down the stairs in a wagon, Mr. Wilson wishes Dennis had another old man to bother. His prayers are answered when Dennis' grandfather comes over announcing he's gonna move in! So once again all is fine until Mr. Wilson finds out he's getting old and Grandpa can do everything better than Mr.Wilson. One day at an amusement park, Mr. Wilson meets The Professor and his assistant Sylvester who claim to be specialists in making people younger--for a price. It's a scam but Mr. Wilson is to naive to know. Well the first few attempts at decreasing Mr. Wilson's age fail, thanks to Dennis. Mr. Wilson tries to do things better than Grandpa when he follows them to the swimming pool but he fails. But it's young Dennis who catches the swindlers at their own game when Wilson wants to sell his house and Professor and Sylvester show up disguised as plumbers, electricians, realty men, exterminators, and what-have-you and make large holes in Mr. Wilson's house--not to mention his check book, but it's Dennis to the rescue and everyone is happy. Sometime later, Grandpa takes Dennis to the Grand Canyon in Grandpa's motor home. The mistake: The motor home is parked awful close to the canyon and it's wheels are stopped with a rock, which Dennis collects while rock hunting. Back at home, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson watch Grandpa getting rescued from the Grand Canyon and Mr. Wilson proclaims,"He's a menace!" Anonymous Mischievous tyke Dennis (Justin Cooper) is stirring up trouble as usual for his long-suffering neighbor, Mr. Wilson (Don Rickles). When Dennis delivers an unwanted birthday surprise that leaves the old man feeling that much older, the crotchety Wilson buys a youth potion from con artist Sylvester (Carrot Top). With the bogus potion doing nothing to restore his vigor and at risk of being swindled out of even more money, it's up to Mr. Wilson and Dennis to beat the crooks at their own game. Anonymous After a failed attempt to find the perfect birthday present for his beloved next-door pensioner, Mr Wilson, the mischievous seven-year-old little terror, Dennis Mitchell, learns that his young-at-heart grandfather, Mr Johnson, is moving in with the family. As a result--exhausted and jealous--the cantankerous neighbour will fall prey to a conniving pair of swindlers intent on rinsing him for every penny with their endless array of bogus youth remedies; however, not if Dennis can help it. Dennis always had Mr Wilson's best interests at heart. Will he manage to keep their friendship strong? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Five years after the previous film, Dennis Mitchell is worse than ever. He goes over to the house of George Wilson to offer him some pets as gifts for his birthday. These include frogs, lizards, snakes, insects, tarantulas, scorpions, mice, exotic mammals, and even a baby alligator. This ordeal ends with George unintentionally riding down a flight of stairs in Dennis's red wagon and accidentally getting his birthday cake thrown in his face by Martha. Soon after this incident, Mr. Johnson, who is Dennis's grandfather as well as Alice's father and Henry's father-in law, shows up and announces that he is moving in with the Mitchells. Dennis starts spending more time with him than his annoyed neighbor. George, upset that he's getting older, gets tricked by two crooked con men, the Professor and his assistant Sylvester, who try to talk him into buying a "rare" root used to make tea to make people younger. George is about to pay $10,000 when Dennis comes by. Dennis then reveals that he owns a root of the same kind, which he says he found on a place where those abound. Soon afterwards, the Professor and Sylvester return and sell George a machine that allegedly makes people younger. Suddenly, the attitudes of him and Mr. Johnson reverse as the latter feels George's pain of living in the same neighborhood as Dennis, while the former starts to feel youthful and happy. While Dennis is trying to clean up a pile of garbage that he accidentally threw on Grandpa's car while he was taking out the trash, he accidentally destroys Mr. Wilson's machine with cotton candy mix that he mistook for soap. As a result of this, George declares that he and Martha will be moving away to be away from Dennis for good, whereupon Mr. Johnson decides to move into their house, although no-one seems to really want to carry out this plan. Overhearing everything, the Professor and Sylvester decide to use George's plan as an opportunity to get more money from him. Dennis helps the police (unintentionally) catching the con men, who were pretending to be several different workmen at the Wilson house when they were planning to move, attempting yet again to drain his bank account by stockpiling a hoard of his as yet unendorsed checks by claiming that the house needed several repairs before it could be sold. Dennis, who was a "menace" throughout the whole film, ends up being a hero. The police return the uncashed checks and arrest the Professor and Sylvester, and Mr. Wilson decides not to move. Mr. Johnson, however, announces intentions to get his motor home back, having promised to take Dennis to the Grand Canyon, also because of everything Dennis has put him through. In the epilogue, Dennis and his grandfather are in his camper in the Grand Canyon, and Dennis, wanting to take a rock home to Mr. Wilson as a present, accidentally takes the one from under the camper, causing it to roll down the incline it is parked on top of with Mr. Johnson still in it. While enjoying the Christmas season, George and Martha see on the news what has happened as Dennis explains to the camera and Mr. Johnson is being airlifted to safety. Dennis gives a shout-out to Mr. Wilson, which leaves him flabbergasted that he mutters to the viewers, "He's a menace!" 