 Best of the Best II (1993)321) The Colosseum is the fighting arena owned by the champion Bracus. Now after the death of their friend, Tommy Lee and Alex Grady want revenge. In an underground fight club, blackbelt Travis Brickley is killed after losing to the evil martial arts master Brakus. Travis' death is witnessed by Walter Grady, the son of his best friend Alex Grady. Alex and his partner, Tommy Lee, vow to avenge their friend's death by defeating Brakus and shutting down the fight club. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequel to the first 'Best of the Best' film, U.S. Olympic karate champions Alex Grady (Eric Roberts), Tommy Lee (Philip Rhee), and Travis Brickley (Chris Penn) open a martial arts studio in Las Vegas, Nevada in the past four years since their debut in South Korea. A well-known fighter, Brakus (Ralf Moelle), arrives by helicopter at a nightclub on the Vegas strip, where he battles fighters in a secret arena known as the "coliseum." As wealthy patrons look on, challengers battle their way through three "no rules" matches to face Brakus in a fight to the death, in which the victor is declared the new owner of the coliseum. The night's fight begins with Travis Brickley emerging to face his first gladiator. Travis wins the round, and as he celebrates in a private lounge, he is congratulated by announcer Weldon Dardano (Wayne Newton). When Brakus enters, Travis threatens the undefeated champ. Elsewhere, Alex Grady takes his son, Walter Grady (Edan Gross), on a camping trip, along with Tommy Lee. Eleven-year-old Walter practices his karate moves by the campfire, in hope of attaining a black belt in an upcoming tryout. However, at the tryout, Walter fails to break a brick with his hand, and is denied the certification. Alex, Tommy, and Travis take Walter and the rest of the studio's young team to a Vegas strip restaurant to celebrate, and Alex's girlfriend, television sports reporter Sue MacCauley (Meg Foster), also attends. Alex gives a speech telling Walter how proud he is of the way he handled the disappointment, and notes that things have not been easy for the boy since his mother's death several years earlier. Later, as Alex gets ready to leave their apartment for the evening, Walter confesses that he canceled his babysitter, Martha, because he is old enough to look after himself. Alex replies that Travis will be stopping by to drop something off before going to his bowling league, and Walter should go with him. When Travis arrives, he tells Walter he is not going bowling after all, but the boy convinces Travis to take him along. Travis confides that he is fighting at the coliseum, and Alex and Tommy would be upset if they knew, so Walter blackmails Travis into sneaking him inside the coliseum. The boy watches from the rafters as Brakus beats Travis in the "no rules" battle. As the boy looks on, the crowd votes whether Travis should live or die. Walter screams as Brakus snaps Travis's neck, killing him. Horrified, Walter flees and runs home to tell his father and Tommy what happened. When Alex and Tommy visit the coliseum to search for their friend, Weldon Dardano claims that after Travis took a beating, he got up and left with a woman. Despite Walter's claim that Weldon is lying, Alex and Tommy continue searching for Travis. Later, Travis Brickley's body is discovered floating in the river, and Alex and Tommy vow revenge. They bust in on Weldon and Brakus, demanding to know the identity of their friend's killer. When Alex asks Brakus if he killed Travis, Brakus says he did so "easily," and beats up Alex. Tommy fights Brakus next, and throws him into a mirror, inciting the man's fury. Weldon stops the fight, and security arrives to escort the two martial artists out of the club. Brakus vows privately to kidnap Tommy, and kill Alex and Walter. When Tae Kwon Doe champion Dae Han attends Travis Brickley's funeral, he offers to help avenge his killing. Later, Alex visits Sue MacCauley at her television station and asks her to announce that Brakus killed Travis, but she insists that she cannot broadcast such an unfounded proclamation. Alex insults her for not taking Walter's word, and leaves in anger. Later, as Walter rides his bicycle, Brakus's henchmen follow him home and fire shots into the house. Alex and Tommy fight their attackers, and afterward, leave town to seek shelter at the desert home of Tommy's Native American grandmother. When they arrive, Grandma suggests that her son, James, help them. However, Tommy Lee holds a long-standing grudge against his uncle, and the two engage in a fistfight on the front lawn. Later, Tommy tells Alex that Uncle James ran off with Grandma's money and won several fighting tournaments in Europe, before a near-fatal automobile accident ended his career. Alex and Tommy set up a gym in a barn to resume their training. Meanwhile, Grandma chastises James for his drunken antics, and demands that he help Tommy, or move out. The next day, James informs Tommy he knows how Brakus fights. Tommy dismisses his uncle until James reveals scars on his stomach, and confesses he got them from Brakus, not from an automobile accident. Tommy and Alex accept James's offer and begin their rigorous training. James takes them to a sweat lodge, where they experience visions. Later, Brakus's gunmen arrive by helicopter, and hold everyone at gunpoint. When James shoots at the attackers, they kill him. As Tommy is flown away, the thugs douse the house with gasoline, preparing to burn Alex and Walter alive. However, the father and son escape before the house explodes. Watching from the helicopter above, Tommy believes his friends and family have been killed. Alex, Walter, and Grandma emerge, unharmed, from a trapdoor, and Alex apologizes to her for her house's devastation. Alex and Walter drive back to Las Vegas, as Brakus confronts Tommy, demanding they face off in the coliseum. Weldon introduces Tommy Lee to the crowd, and it cheers when Tommy easily defeats his first opponent. Returning for a second battle, he beats his challenger just as quickly. In his third fight, Tommy faces a gladiator he recognizes as the man who murdered Uncle James. Tommy takes a few hits before beating the man nearly to death. Brakus announces to the audience that Tommy has earned the right to challenge him in a fight to the death. Meanwhile, Alex and Walter arrive at Sue MacCauley's home, and Alex asks her to look after his son. Worried that his father will not return, Walter gives him an Indian feather he received from Tommy's grandmother for strength. When Sue apologizes for disappointing Alex, he kisses her and promises to soon return. Back at the coliseum, Tommy meditates as part of his preparation to fight Brakus. Dae Han secretly arrives at the nightclub after Alex asked for his help. As Tommy and Brakus enter the ring and begin their battle, Alex and Dae Han fight security guards and get inside the coliseum. The battle in the ring intensifies, and the fighters are presented with metal pipes as weapons. When Alex breaks a glass wall to gain entry, Tommy's strength is renewed, and he knocks Brakus to the ground, warning him to stay down and accept his defeat. However, when Tommy turns his back on the gladiator, Brakus makes a final lunge. Tommy snaps his foe's neck, and looks stunned as he is declared the new owner of the coliseum. Alex joins his friend onstage, as Weldon Dardano gives the new champion the microphone. To Weldon's dismay, Tommy declares that the coliseum is closed. 