 Coolie No. 1 (1995)55) In order to avenge his insult against wealthy Hoshiarchand Choudhary; Pandit Shaadiram Gharjodhe asks Raju; a coolie by profession to masquerade as a wealthy business tycoon so that he can get marry to Choudhary's daughter Malti. In order to avenge his insult against wealthy Hoshiarchand Choudhary; Pandit Shaadiram Gharjodhe asks Raju; a coolie by profession to masquerade as a wealthy business tycoon so that he can get marry to Choudhary's daughter Malti. Choudhary does accept the match and the wedding of Raju and Malti are celebrated. After the wedding Raju will find that he might as well have to pretend all his life as gradually Choudhary begins to suspect him especially when he gets caught by Choudhary at the bus station working as a coolie. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Pandit Shaadiram Gharjode is insulted by Hoshiyar Chand for getting a matchmaker for his daughter Malti below his status as he wants them to marry in rich family Gharjode then swears to break his ego.Gharjode meets Raju Coolie at bus stand who had saved his life ,Raju sees Malti's photo and falls in love with her,Gharjode asks Raju to pose as Kunwar Mahendra Pratap son of millionaire Gajendra Paratp in front of Hoshiyar Chand.Malti and Raju fall in love and Hoshiyar Chand agrees for their marriage thinking he is a billionaire,After marriage Raju makes Malti realize that his father has thrown him out from all his property for marrying against his wishes and they start living in a small house.Things are going fine between Raju and Malti until Hoshiyar Chand reaches to meet Malti and sees Raju working as a Coolie at the bus stand. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Pandit Shaadiram Gharjore is a village match-maker. When he takes some guy's family to see Malti, Hoshyaarchand (her father) insult the family and throw them out, saying he wants a son-in-law at least 40 times wealthier than he. Panditji is so humiliated that he vows to do something about Hoshyaarchand's ego. This is where the story begins. Panditji goes to his friend, Raju (Coolie No. 1) (who, by the way, has fallen in love with this rich girl since he saw her picture before panditji took the random guy's family to see her), and convinces him to pretend to be the son of the richest man in Asia. After a lot of bootlicking on the part of Hoshyaarchand, Malti and Raju get married. The rest of the film revolves around upholding this bit of deception, and gets quite interesting.... :) Gita Lal <trinetri@i-2000.com> Angered at Choudhry Hoshiarchand Shikarpuri Bakulwala for humiliating him, matchmaker, Shaadiram Gharjodhe, decides to teach him a lesson. He introduces Choudhry to a multi-millionaire named Raju, so that Choudhry can get him married to his only daughter, Malti. Choudhry's eyes light up when he comes to know about Raju and his wealth and he readily agrees to have Malti marry him. Malti meets with Raju and both fall in love with each other. Their marriage is arranged, which takes place with great pomp and ceremony. It is only after the marriage that Choudhry finds out that Raju is really a poor coolie, and not a multi-millionaire. Angered at his deception, he now plots to have the two seperated at any cost - with hilarious results. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 