 South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (1999)761) When Stan Marsh and his friends go see an R-rated movie, they start cursing and their parents think that Canada is to blame. When four boys in South Park Stan Marsh, Kyle and his stepbrother Ike Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick sees an R-rated movie featuring Canadians "Terrance & Phillip: Asses of Fire", they are pronounced "corrupted", and Kyle's mom Sheila with the rest of the parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada for World War 3! It's all up to Stan, Kyle and Cartman to save Terrence and Phillip before Satan and his lover Saddam Hussein from Hell rules the world and it'll be the end of the whole world. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When Stan invites Kyle, Kyle's brother Ike, Cartman and Kenny to an R-rated movie starring their two favorite comedians, Terrance and Phillip, the boys teach their friends the cuss words they learned from the movie. After getting sent to the counselor's office, Kyle's mother, Sheila, is outraged by the movie, she starts a group that is against Canada. Canada now is at war with the United States, after being discriminated at for far too long. With Terrance and Phillip captured and sentenced to be executed, the boys must try to save the two Canadians in order to stop Satan and Sadam Hussan from ruling the world. emauger1 Stan Marsh, Eric Cartman, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick see an R rated movie from Canada starring Terrance and Phillip, the quartet's favorite comedians. They suddenly learn obscene phrases from the movie, causing ALL the other children in South Park to see that movie. After discussing the swearing conflict with Mr. Mackey, Shelia Broflovski is against Terrance and Phillip, which suddenly leads to a massive war against the Canadians for corrupting children! The boys must venture out to prevent a serious conflict of the world being ruled by Saddam Hussein and Satan. Southpark is a quiet and peaceful place until the latest Terrance and Philip movie comes out. Once all the kids see it, all hell breaks loose, as the parents try to find a way to stop their kids from saying all the naughty words coming out of their mouths. The parents blame Terrance and Philip, place them under Citizen's Arrest, and declare war on their home country, Canada. It is up to the kids to save the world from Satan and keep Terrance and Philip from being executed Anonymous In the sleepy town of South Park, four children cause an total disturbance when they see an 'R' rated Canadian film, the 'Terrance and Phillip Movie'. Watching this, the bad language 'warps their fragile little minds'. Soon all the children watch it and the bad language gets out of hand. When their mothers finally form a union to kill Terrance and Phillip, it is up to Carl, Cartman, Stan and Kenny to prevent the killing of Terrance and Phillip to prevent Satan and Sadam Hussein ruling the world. Ratter Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Eric Cartman are eager to see the new Terrance and Phillip film, "Asses of Fire." However, they soon learn that due to the film's language, it is rated R, and they need a parent or adult guardian to attend. The boys get around this by bribing a homeless man to purchasing the tickets for them. After seeing the film, the boys go to Stark's Pond, where they soon convince the other kids to see the film too. While at the pond, Stan gets the feeling that his girlfriend Wendy Testaburger, may be infatuated with a new kid named Gregory. Eventually, Stan confides in Chef, about what he can do to make Wendy happy. This leads to Chef offhandedly saying Stan needs to "find the clitoris," puzzling him over what the school chef means. Soon, the language the kids have heard from the film spills over into the school, soon causing a ban on the kids wearing anything related to Terrance and Phillip. Eventually, a number of parents speak out about the film, with the most vocal being Kyle's mom, Sheila. Though the Canadian Prime Minister on a news program does mention the film's rating, Sheila feels more needs to be done. Eventually, guidance counselor Mr Mackey leads the kids in an exercise to get them to say less-naughty words. However, this does not deter the kids from sneaking in to see "Asses of Fire." After another viewing, Cartman dares Kenny to light a fart on fire. This ends up causing Kenny to become horribly burned, and he dies in the hospital, while the boys are further reprimanded for seeing the movie again. Unseen by everyone, Kenny's soul goes to Hell, where he encounters Satan, and soon finds out that Saddam Hussein (who had recently been killed by a pack of wild boars), is his lover. Meanwhile, Terrance and Phillip are ambushed on the Conan O'Brian show, and placed under citizen's arrest by Sheila and a number of other parents. When Canada's demand that the two entertainers be released is not taken seriously, the country bombs the house of the Baldwin family. This is seen as a declaration of war by the President of the United States, and a plan is put under attack to attack Canada, and have Terrance and Phillip executed live on television. A newly-designed "V-chip" electrically curbs Cartman's use of profanity, much to his disgust. In a showstopping full-cast production number, The four boys form an underground movement called "La Resistance" to rescue T&P from electrocution (during a USO show) before America's planned troop surge into Canada. Many town residents have joined the Army, including Chef, whose segregated unit is expected to serve as cannon fodder in "Operation Human Shield", much to Chef's disgust. In Hell, Satan grows increasingly unhappy over continually taking mental abuse from the eternally-horny Saddam Hussein. "La Resistance" mounts a rocky but ultimately successful rescue attempt during the USO show ("Just remember what the MPAA says--'Horrific, deplorable violence is OKAY, as long as people DON'T SAY ANY NAUGHTY WORDS!' "). After the Canadian army's surprise invasion and subsequent horrific battle, Terence and Philip are shot. Once their innocent blood touches the ground, Satan and his minions, and Saddam, come out of Hell to begin conquering Earth. Saddam usurps Satan's prerogative and tries to take over all by himself and is attacked by Cartman, whose V-chip has malfunctioned so that he shoots lightning every time he says a bad word. Encouraged by Kenny, Satan puts Saddam down once and for all, and restores everything on Earth to the way it was before T&P were killed. The boys' mothers learn to blame their own foul-mouthed children rather than "blaming Canada", and everyone rejoices as Kenny gets into Heaven in the big musical finale. 