 Twice Upon a Yesterday (1998)44) A shambling, out-of-work actor, desperate to win back the affections of his ex-girlfriend, unexpectedly stumbles upon a way to turn back the clock. Victor, an out of work actor, tries to stop his ex-girlfriend, Sylvia, from marrying another man. When she refuses him, Victor is miraculously given a second chance to go back and correct the mistake which led to their break-up. Lisa Dowling <redmezzo@earthlink.net> Victor Bukowski, a hack London actor, believes the biggest mistake he has made in his life is letting who was his girlfriend of six years, psychologist Sylvia Weld, get away, he realizing that he is still in love with her. It's been eight months since he cheated on her with Carol, a cast-mate with who he was in rehearsals for a play, and admitted to Sylvia of his infidelity in believing at the time he was in love with Carol, that admission which led to Sylvia breaking up with him. On this day, the eve of Sylvia's wedding to Dave Summers, an agricultural engineer, Victor, in a chance or not so chance meeting with two trash collectors, is given an opportunity in being sent back in time to that day he admitted his infidelity to Sylvia. In this second time around, Victor knows that he not only has to hide his infidelity from Sylvia, Sylvia's discovery of which which was aided by her best friend, Alison Hayes, not his biggest fan, seeing him enter Carol's apartment, and Carol who may not take too kindly to he breaking things off with her, especially as they are still working together, but also prevent Sylvia from ever meeting Dave. What Victor does not foresee in maintaining that relationship with Sylvia is meeting someone else who may enter his heart. Huggo Unfaithful, out-of-work actor Victor is desperate to win back the affection of his ex-girlfriend Sylvia before she marries another man, Dave Summers, but she is resolutely against this. Unexpectedly, he meets two very strange Spanish dust-men who, by means unknown, turn back time and allow him another chance to correct his mistake. However, fate again plays a hand and Dave and Sylvia meet, this time via Sylvia's best friend Alison, and again fall in love. This time around Sylvia is the unfaithful one and eventually leaves Victor to be with Dave. Desolate Victor can't believe his luck until he meets the beautiful Louise. Is this Victor's destiny of does fate have more tricks to play? Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 