 For Richer or Poorer (1997)321) An unhappily married Manhattan socialite couple flee from the I.R.S. and end up in Amish country where they pretend to be visiting relatives. The incredibly rich, but miserable New York couple, Brad and Caroline Sexton, got framed by their accountant, and fled from the IRS to the one place where no one would look for them: Amish country. Now they've got to do their best to blend in, and learn how to love all over again. LIIT Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bob Lachman, accountant for millionaires couple Brad and Caroline Sexton is in a audit meeting with the IRS that is not going well at all. The IRS request a new meeting with Bob and his clients the following day. Meanwhile, Brad and Caroline Sexton are celebrating their tenth wedding anniversary at a party attended by all their friends. Although they seem to be a loving couple, in reality they hate each other. The evening is ruined when a model of Brad's religious theme park scheme explodes and burns a hole in the designer gown of a prominent judge. Brad tosses a glass of red wine at her to put out the fire, completing the ruin of her gown. Back home in their luxurious penthouse, the Sextons trade nasty insults before retiring to their separate bedrooms where the argument resumes over intercom. Ultimately they decide to get a divorce. The next day, Caroline goes to lunch with her girlfriends, who commiserate with her. When Brad arrives at work, his secretary hands him back his grandfather's Swiss pocket watch. She paid to have it repaired and insists that he reimburses her in cash right away. After promising her he will go to the bank that morning, he runs into his accountant, Bob Lachman, who is carrying a carton stuffed with what appear to be Sexton Inc. records. Bob is in a great hurry to leave but Brad forces him to look at his new satellite phone and desk chair. Bob scolds him for using development money to purchase luxuries he doesn't need. Brad then asks how the IRS audit went and Bob assures him all is well. The men walk out of the office together and Bob spots two IRS agents getting off the elevator. He starts talking loudly about Brad leaving. The agents ask the secretary where Mr. Sexton went and she says he better be going to the bank. They mistakenly assume Brad is leaving the country and put a freeze on all his credit cards and bank accounts right away. When Brad tries to get money from the ATM to pay for his watch repair, his card is declined. At the same time, Caroline's card is also refused when she tries to pay the lunch bill. She assumes Brad has already canceled the cards since they are getting divorced and leaves feeling humiliated. At the bank, Brad learns that his accounts are all frozen but they won't tell him why. He calls Bob, who is on his way to the airport. To Brad's horror, Bob confesses to him that he has been falsifying the Sextons' income tax returns for years and that they now owe the IRS five million dollars. Outside the bank, IRS agent Hall is joined by IRS agent Lester, a quite overzealous, gun carrying, IRS veteran who sees himself as an actual cop. Brad exits the bank and sees Lester and Hall coming towards him. He takes out his phone to call his lawyer, Phil but Lester thinks it is a gun and shoots it from Brad's hand. A foot chase ensues and Brad climbs into an off-duty taxi. The driver refusing to cooperate, Brad steals the taxi and drives away. At a red light, a woman gets into the back seat. It happens to be Caroline, who demands to know why he canceled her credit cards. After a car chase, the Sextons manage to elude their pursuers. Brad drives aimlessly for hours as he explains the situation and the couple bicker. Eventually they find themselves in a rural community. Brad swerves to miss a cow, plows through a signpost, and lands in a pond. They are unharmed but are forced to spend the night under a tree surrounded by cows. The next morning, Brad walks to a general store and realizes they are in Amish country. He calls Phil and learns that Lachman's phone number is now disconnected. Obviously he has fled the country. The Sextons' pictures are in the newspaper; they are wanted for tax fraud and car theft. Brad asks Phil to wire them some money but he can't, as it would be aiding and abetting a felon. Phil suggests they just lay low for a couple of days and call him back. While trying to figure out what to do, Brad overhears a conversation in the store between some Amish people; The Yoders are expecting their cousins from Missouri in a couple of months to help on the farm. Outside, Brad spots a truck loaded with suitcases and steals two. He then explains to Caroline that they are going to pose as the Yoders' cousins. It is only for a few days, until Phil can straighten out their situation. Caroline hates the idea but they have no choice. Luckily the suitcases contain Amish clothing for them both, although Brad's jacket is much too large. Sam Yoder and his wife Levinia live on a large farmland nearby. They have several children, including a little girl named Anna. Sam's elderly parents also live with them. The family, although confused at first, accepts the Sextons as their cousins, Emma and Jacob. They also catch a lucky break when the Yoders assume Emma and Jacob are from a liberal ordnung (Amish community). This allows the Sextons to blame any of their missteps on their much liberal community. The Sextons are forced to share a bedroom but Caroline makes Brad sleep in a rocking chair. In the days following, Caroline and Brad do their best to fit in although the work is very hard and they're not good at it. They also must rise before dawn which was obviously not part of their routine. Jacob being supposedly known as an amazing horse trainer, Brad is confronted with a huge fearsome Belgian horse named Big John who Sam has a hard time getting to work properly, pulling the plow. Caroline must scrub the floors, beat rugs, help with the cooking, milk cows, and gather chicken eggs. All the while she is longing for a cigarette and some extra strength Tylenol. At night they argue a lot. Meanwhile, Phil has received a visit from agents Lester and Hall. He claims not to know where the Sextons are hiding. The next time Brad calls, Phil warns him that his phone is probably tapped. In checking the Sextons' tax returns, Phil learns that Brad supposedly wrote off purchases like a jet plane. Bob Lachman still cannot be found, but Phil is working on that. Lester and Hall listen to the conversation and hear that Brad is getting his ass kicked by Big John. They pull all the files on criminals with that name, trying to find Brad's location. They believe the Sextons are in the Caribbean. Brad and Caroline's hostility toward each other has not escaped Samuel and Levinia. They decide the angry couple was sent to them by God so they could get help. They talk to the Sextons about marriage and how important it is to stay committed. Slowly the Sextons begin to give in more to the simple Amish life and find themselves regaining their love for each other. Brad gives Henner, the shy boyfriend of Rebecca, the oldest Yoder girl, tips on proposing marriage. He also helps the young couple buy a farm, using his own real estate expertise to keep them from getting ripped off by the local real estate agents. At a community barn party, Henner follows Brad's tips and finds the courage to ask Sam for his daughter's hand. Sam is happy to agree and publicly makes the announcement. Caroline asks why the Amish wear such drab clothing and learns that the women of their community have raised the same question in the past but the leadership council will not allow them to wear colors. She buys fabric and has them make colorful clothing, which they model for the council at a fashion show. Caroline was a fashion designer before she married Brad and she is happy to use her skills where they are needed. The leadership council are impressed and approve the use of colors in clothing. Rebecca asks Caroline to be her wedding coordinator. Shortly afterwards, Caroline and Brad finally reconcile and once more share a bed to the delight of the Yoder adults. Lester and Hall have the sound on the tape enhanced and hear German spoken in the various conversations taking place in the general store. They immediately guess that the Sextons are hiding with the Amish and set off there by car. Brad calls Phil but becomes frantic when he finds out Phil has left town. Even though he and Caroline have settled in with the Yoders, he knows they cannot remain there indefinitely and cannot keep their lies secret for long. Lester and Hall swerve in the road to avoid a cow, run over the repaired signpost, and land in the same pond as the Sextons did and right on top of the taxi Brad stole. They now know they found the right Amish community. Rebecca and Henner's wedding day arrives. Brad and Caroline silently renew their own vows during the ceremony. Just as the ceremony ends, Lester and Hall arrive, accompanied by local police. The Sextons are arrested and taken away. As they leave, the Yoders and their guests turn their backs on them. Phil is still missing when the Sextons are arraigned. To their horror, the presiding judge is the same whose gown Brad destroyed. Still wearing their Amish clothing, Brad and Caroline are objects of curiosity among their friends. Just then Phil arrives, out of breath. He has just gotten off a plane from Zurich, Switzerland, where he finally located Bob Lachman and had him extradited. He explains that while he was in Zurich, he sold Brad's religious theme park idea to some investors who loved it. The money will just about cover all the Sextons' debts. Bob is brought in, kicking and screaming. He attempts to apologize to Brad, who accepts the apology but still punches him in the face. Once all the facts are known, the case against Brad and Caroline is dismissed. Some time later, the Sextons drive to visit the Yoders. At first Samuel and Levinia just turn around and walk away but after the Sextons apologize, Sam reveals they knew all along the Sextons weren't the cousins. Samuel was so desperate for help on the farm that he pretended to buy their lies so they would stay and help. Brad and Sam take a walk through the corn fields. Brad wants to thank Sam for everything and offers him his grandfather's Swiss pocket watch that he loves deeply. Sam refuses because Amish do not accept gifts. However, he is opened to make a trade for it and offers Big John in return. When they leave, the Sextons take a car load of produce, some apple pies, and Big John. Brad swerves to avoid the same cow again, only now he's able to stop before hitting the pond. The Sextons look at the real estate sign and entertains the idea that they could move into the neighborhood. Caroline then reveals it would be a great place to raise a kid, implying she's pregnant. 