 Deewana (1992)66) A singer (Rishi Kapoor) marries his biggest fan, but his uncle (Amrish Puri) plans to kill him in order to gain his money. Kajal is a beautiful and talented young woman who loves songs and dances and attends various shows. At one of the shows she attended she gets to meet Ravi, a popular singer and both are head over heel in love with each other and they soon got married. Kajal relocates to Ravi's parental mansion and is all welcome as a bride there. But soon her marriage life goes over the board when Ravi's scheming cousin and uncle has him killed. Unable to bear the shock Kajal relocates to a different city and gets to meet the wealthy and care-free Raja Sahai, who proposes marriage to her but she refuses and wants to live as Ravi's widow but destiny has other plans for her. raj (krazymonster@ymail.com) Of wealthy grounds Ravi takes up an interest in singing and become famous over night. He gets to meet the beautiful Kaajal and both are in love with each other and decided to get settled. Unknown to Ravi his uncle Dhirendra Pratap and his son schemes together to usurp all Ravi's wealth and property, when Ravi protests they mercilessly kill him. This news became shocking for Kaajal who assume the identity of a widow when Raja Sahai enters her life. She will have nothing to do with him but later on agree to marry him; a nightmare await the couple when they will find out that Ravi is alive. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Kaajal marries a famous and wealthy singer Ravi.Ravi's wealth is eyed by his uncle Pratap and his son Narender.Ravi and Kaajal soon get married. While they are away from home.Narendra along with his henchmen attacks them in the mishap both Narendra and Ravi get killed a widowed Kajal gives the news about Ravi's death to hi smother and that Pratap was behind all this .Pratap kidnaps both Kajal and Ravi to claim their wealth but they manage to escape to Bombay.A young widowed Kaajal wants to kill herself as he feels nothing is left in her life.Until Raja enters her life and falls in love with her.Kaajal doesn't have liking for.But her Mother in law feels she should marry him and start a new life.Things are going well steadily between them.Until Ravi's mother finds that Ravi is alive. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Ravi is a famous pop-singer in the region, and has many fans. One of his fans is a beautiful young woman named Kajal, who is in love with Ravi and his songs. When Ravi meets Kajal, he too falls in love with her, and soon both get married. After the marriage, Ravi's uncle hires some men to beat him up and kill him. They return, informing him that they have succeeded in their objective. Kajal is devastated with the new of Ravi's death, and assumes the habit of a Hindu widow. Then one day she meets with wealthy Raja Sahay, who has fallen head-heels in love with her, and proposes marriage. Shocked by this, Kajal initially refuses, but eventually agrees to marry him. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Renowned singer Ravi is popular within his community and soon get married to one of his fans, a young woman named Kajal. His scheming uncle, Dhirendra Pratap and cousin are determined to lay their hands on Ravi's wealth, and hire goons to kill him. When this news reaches his wife Kajal and mother, Laxmi Devi, both is completely shaken and relocates to a new city in order to wash away there troubled past. Kajal assumes the identity of a widow but soon reaches up with wealthy Raja Sahai and he falls in love and proposes marriage to her, but she refuses, compelled by Laxmi Devi she soon gives her consent to Raja and they get married. Everything returns to her life since Raja is a darling husband, but one day Ravi returns and Kajal is torn between her two husbands, Ravi and Raja. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 