 Frasier (19932004)66) Dr. Frasier Crane moves back to his hometown of Seattle, where he lives with his father, and works as a radio psychiatrist. Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle to get a new start on life. He has a radio talk show, which he uses to relay his wit and wisdom to others, but at times he struggles with his own problems with his salt-of-the-earth father, his pretentious brother, and his friends and co-workers. Jwelch5742 Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle following his divorce to get a new start on life; he has a radio talk show, where he relays his wit and wisdom to aide callers, while dealing with a changed home life living with his salt-of-the-earth father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) and the senior Crane's physical therapist Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves). Frasier also reconnects with his sometimes uptight brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce) and finds new friends among his colleagues, especially his brash show producer Roz Doyle (Peri Gilpin) After many years spent at the "Cheers" bar, Frasier (Kelsey Grammer) moves back home to Seattle after his policeman father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) gets shot in the hip on duty. After Martin struggles with living alone after the incident, he moves in with Frasier in his luxury apartment at the Elliot Bay Towers along with his dog Eddie (played by Moose and later Enzo). Hired by Frasier, Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) also moves in as Martin's personal physiotherapist. Also living nearby is his younger brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce), who is also a Psychiatrist. Eminent Boston psychiatrist Frasier Crane, last seen gracing the bars of Cheers (1982), has left his life there to start afresh in Seattle. He now has a spot as a popular radio psychiatrist, giving him the chance to spread words of wit and wisdom to the masses. He shares his apartment with his retired cop father, Martin, and his father's physical care assistant, Daphne Moon. Add in brother Niles, Eddie the dog, some bizarre situations and plenty of humor, and you have all of the ingredients for an excellent show, and worthy successor to Cheers (1982). Mark Harding <mah@imdb.com> Recently divorced psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane moves from Boston, Massachusetts to his home town of Seattle, Washington, where his ex-policeman father, Martin Crane, and his psychiatrist brother, Niles Crane, also live. He moves into an expensive apartment with his father and his father's newly appointed health care worker from England, Daphne Moon, on whom Niles had a big secret crush for six years until they started dating. Frasier also lands a job as a radio psychiatrist and makes very good friends with his newly appointed producer, Roz Doyle. Raffi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 