 40 Days and 40 Nights (2002)Summaries After a brutal break-up, a young man vows to stay celibate during the forty days of Lent, but finds the girl of his dreams and is unable to do anything about it. Nicole broke up with Matt months ago and is now engaged to someone else. He's very good-looking and has no trouble finding other lovers, but that doesn't help because he's still obsessed with wanting her back. Then he gets the inspiration that swearing off sex for Lent (all forms of sexual activity, even kissing or masturbation) will give him the perspective he needs. So of course a few days later he meets a woman and they fall in love. Now Matt sees his vow as a personal matter, and won't even tell her about it, but his friends think otherwise, and now the complications begin... Anonymous It's been six months since Nicole unceremoniously broke up with Matt, who works at a San Francisco dot com. Although he has had his fair share of sex since, Matt hasn't dealt with the break up well as he can only think about that the woman he is with at any given time is not Nicole, and even in the act of sex, he has the feeling like he is being swallowed up by a big black hole in his emptiness. His form of therapy - "confessions" to his brother John, a Catholic seminary student - has done little to help. A specific event sends Matt over the emotional edge, he knowing he having to do something drastic to deal with the issue. His solution: for the forty days of Lent, he will abstain from sex, including abstaining from self-pleasure. This vow to himself is made all the more difficult in his roommate Ryan being equally as sexually driven as him, he who will not stop his sexual activities such as bringing beautiful women to their apartment which will only tempt him. Shortly after he makes this vow, Matt meets Erica, between who there is a mutual physical attraction as well as emotional connection. Even if Erica does learn about the vow and everything associated with it, she may be unwilling to go along with Matt for this ride. Making the situation even more difficult is Matt's large stable of coworkers and beyond, each who has a vested interested in whether Matt succeeds and/or when he fails, some taking measures for that failure to happen. The larger issue still remains if Erica and/or the vow will help Matt deal with his destructive feelings for Nicole, who is still somewhat peripherally in his life. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 