 Sex and Luca (2001)431) Various lives converge on an isolated island, all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life. Lucia is a waitress who lives and works in Madrid. After what she believes to be the loss of her boyfriend, the tortured writer Lorenzo, she flees to a secluded island that he had often told her about. There she meets Carlos and Elena, who have also run away to the island to escape personal tragedy. Unbeknownst to them, all three have a connection to Lorenzo. Elena met him many years ago on that same island and enjoyed beautiful, anonymous lovemaking with him in the sea by the light of a full moon. 9 months later, Elena gave birth to Luna, but never managed to find Lorenzo. Carlos was the stepfather of Belen, who disappeared after she unwittingly caused the death of Luna. As she hears more about the past of her two new housemates, Lucia is reminded of the book Lorenzo was writing, a tale about a journey into a dark, deep past that brought on his depression. Soon, the lines between fact and fiction begin to fall apart. Cervantes In Madrid of the present days, the waitress Luca leaves her job and goes to her apartment to meet her mate Lorenzo, who seems to be very depressed. When she arrives, she receives bad news about Lorenzo from the police. She moves alone to an isolated island, where she meets a stranger and lodges in a pension where he is living for the last months. The story shifts to six years ago, when Lorenzo and a woman, without knowing even the name of each other, have a magnificent sexual intercourse. The woman gets pregnant, and her daughter is raised without a father. Meanwhile, Lorenzo is a writer who lost his creative skills and one night meets Lucia in a restaurant. She confesses to him that she is in love with him and has been stalking him for a long time. They fall in love with each other and Lucia moves to his apartment. Later, Lorenzo is informed by his friend Pepe that he has a daughter, and he meets her in a square, with her baby sitter. From this point on, Lorenzo mixes his reveries with reality. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Luca (Paz Vega), a waitress, is talking on the phone with her depressed writer boyfriend Lorenzo (Tristn Ulloa) after they had a nasty argument, where-after she walks out. Since he's been in a bad 'funk' for a while now, she's worried, and goes home to console him. Finding an empty apartment, Luca is frantic. She then receives a phone call from the police while finding a suicide note, and is so afraid of bad news that she hangs up, assuming the worst. They call back, but she is now so depressed she ignores the ringing phone, packs a bag, and flees. Looking for a new beginning, Luca travels to the mysterious Balearic Islands that Lorenzo had always talked of, but had recently been very negative about. Six years earlier: Lorenzo is having casual sex in the ocean, on a bright moon-lit night, with a beautiful married woman he just met named Elena (Najwa Nimri). They part ways, expecting to never see each other again. She then discovers she is pregnant with his child, and attempts to find him, but not knowing much about him, Elena doesn't. Later, as Lorenzo talks with his literary agent at a restaurant, discussing his writer's block, Luca catches his attention as he gets up from his table to get cigarettes. She asks to speak to him and he joins her. She brazenly tells him that ever since she read his latest book, she has been following him and has fallen passionately in love with him. A smitten Lorenzo immediately engages the sexy, passionate Luca and she moves into Lorenzo's apartment. The film then interweaves the past and present, of the characters in the film, and the characters in Lorenzo's novel. As the past plays out, we see Lorenzo repeatedly stalling for time on his new book with his editor while his relationship with Luca deepens. About six years pass. Lorenzo then learns that he has a daughter as a result of his encounter with Elena and begins to visit the child at her school, meeting her babysitter Beln (Elena Anaya). Beln tells Lorenzo her mother is a recently retired porn actress with a new hot boyfriend, and virtually seduces Lorenzo with chatter of sexual context and banter about her fantasies. Lorenzo uses these encounters and his fantasies about Beln and her mother as content for his book, and Luca reads about it, thinking it fiction. Meanwhile, he does not disclose his fatherhood to Luca or the child, nor even attempt to contact Elena. Beln flirts with Lorenzo and eventually invites him over to Elena's house while she babysits his daughter, Luna. Lorenzo tells Luna a bedtime story, and after she falls asleep, he and Beln begin to have sex. They are interrupted as Luna knocks at the bedroom door, and they watch in horror as the family dog, a large Rotweiler in 'protect mode' kills her. Beln is stunned into shock, and Lorenzo runs away and falls into a deep depression. Lorenzo's writing turns dark, towards depraved sex and death. He anonymously contacts Elena, who has moved to the island to find solace and recall better days, and provides her a nice story about a beautiful child that loves to swim in the sea, to cheer her spirits. But his now guilt-ridden and uncommunicative relationship with Luca begins to collapse. Back in the present, Luca meets a scuba diver on the island, Carlos, and through him, Elena, who runs an inn on the island. Luca rents a room, and the women bond as friends, not knowing their intimate connection. But when Luca mentions Lorenzo by name, and his past visit to the island long ago, Elena deduces that connection, and after Luca then sees a picture of Luna (looking remarkably like her father) she does too. Lorenzo's editor visits him in the hospital, where he was taken after being in an 'accident' and spent several weeks in recovery. When Lorenzo asks about Luca, the editor tells Lorenzo he thinks Luca thinks he is dead. Lorenzo senses Luca is on the island and has the editor take him there. After both women discover that Lorenzo isn't dead, the three characters cope with and finally understand the entanglements of their interwoven relationships. 