 Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)651) Bridget Jones is determined to improve herself while she looks for love in a year in which she keeps a personal diary. Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is an average woman struggling against her age, her weight, her job, her lack of a man, and her many imperfections. As a New Year's Resolution, Bridget decides to take control of her life, starting by keeping a diary in which she will always tell the complete truth. The fireworks begin when her charming though disreputable boss takes an interest in the quirky Miss Jones. Thrown into the mix are Bridget's band of slightly eccentric friends and a rather disagreeable acquaintance into whom Bridget cannot seem to stop running or help finding quietly attractive. Anuja Varghese <anujav@excite.com> Can a single woman over thirty, who smokes too much, drinks too much, and has a tendency to say whatever comes into her mind, find her place in the world, and a man? Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is an assistant at a London book publisher, feeling time pass her by. When Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant), her boss, starts flirting with her in a vulgar way, she plunges straight in. An affair ensues and she's heals over head. She also keeps running into Mark Darcy (Colin Firth), a reserved even stiff barrister who has known her since she was a child young enough to frolic naked in his wading pool, seems to look down his nose at her, and hates Cleaver (truth is, Daniel may be a bit of a bounder). What are Bridget's choices? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Bridget Jones (Rene Zellweger) is thirty-two-years-old and can't seem to find the right man. Her mother keeps setting her up with dorks. She and her boss have a sexual attraction, but his character seems less than admirable. She resolves to try harder. Bridget Jones' (Rene Zellweger's) life couldn't get worse. She slept with her boss, is gaining weight, and keeps screwing up in public events. Mark Darcy (Colin Firth) doesn't make it any better, he seems to be everywhere. The stiff top notch lawyer which Bridget can't help, but finds very sexy. From bunny tails, to drunk fits, Bridget seems to be living her life with much "inner poise". XPhantomX Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bridget Jones (adorably played by Renee Zellweger) is an unattached 30-something who realizes she's got to change her life. After a New Year's Eve, she vows that this new year is the one in which she'll get her act together. She'll lose weight, she'll smoke and drink less, and she'll document it all in a diary. Complicating everything is Bridget's attraction to her boss, Daniel Cleaver (played by Hugh Grant), a man of questionable character. They launch an affair and Bridget falls for him head over heels, only to realize later that her feelings aren't reciprocated, when her boss gets engaged to another woman. Thrown into the mix is barrister Mark Darcy (Colin Firth), who admittedly finds Bridget attractive but whom Bridget finds repulsive. It won't be until Bridget clearly sees the truth about Daniel, that she also clearly sees Mark for the man he is, and her feelings for him for what they really are. 