 Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 (2000 Video Game)66) You play either side of a new Allied/Soviet war when the real villian is an evil master of mind control. In the year 1972, in an alternate world where German Scientist named Einstein constructed a chronosphere to go back into time to defeat both Adolf Hitler and Josef Stalin, thus erasing World War 2 from time completely, and with the help of American President Michael Dugan, appointed the last Blood of the Romanov Family, Alexander as the Soviet Premier. Unfortunately, what they did'nt know is that Romanov is planning to launch an all out attack on the United States, wanting to wipe it from the Earth, however, the Americans are retaliating, but, Romanov's adviser Yuri compromised their defenses. Whatever happens now and then, only one force will remain standing. John Wiggins In a parallel universe inadvertently created by Einstien when he erased Hitler from history the Soviets were defeated in WWII. However the Soviet premier, Alexander Romanov, has turned against the U.S President Dugan and war is declared. The Soviets have a secret weapon, Romanov's brain-washing right-hand man Yuri, who has destroyed all of the U.S's nuclear weapons. WWIII begins and you play either as the U.S or the Soviets. Mad Dog McLagan <mad_dog_mac@hotmail.com> After losing to the Allies, and the dictator Stalin dead, Soviet Russia is now under the control of the American controlled puppet, Premier Romanov. Unbeknownst to the American government however, Romanov is being psychically controlled by Yuri, a psychic commander left over from the first war. Again you slip into the role of either communist Russian, or freedom loving allied commander. This time though, the Soviets have been fighting dirty.... Chris B The war is over, Premier Romanov has admitted defeat to US President Dugan. Unfortunately, Romanov's right-hand man Yuri escaped the final battle in Moscow and has secretly built his own psychic army. Can the allied nations overcome this all-powerful mind-controlling menace; or will they all become slaves to Yuri's ultimate plan for world domination? Sam In Red Alert 2, the Soviet Union is invading the United States. As the US commander of the Allied Nations, you must defend your country from them. Eventually, you have to help your European Allies so that they can give you back-up worldwide. Your goal is to free your country and put an end to Premier Romanov's tyranny. Your commanding officers are General Carville, and President Dugan, your debriefing officer is Lieuteant Eva. Time to time, Agent Tanya will give you back-up on some missions. As a Soviet general, you help conquer the whole world, however, there is something creepy about your comrade, Yuri. Eventually, you have to fight him to defend Russia. Save the world or conquer it, it is up to you. Zero 88 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 