 The Dead Zone (20022019)Summaries Johnny had the perfect life until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiancee married to another man. His son doesn't know him. Everything's changed, including Johnny. With one touch, he can see things. Johnny Smith has been leading an idyllic small-town life. Employed as a science teacher, Johnny takes great pleasure in showing his young students the wonders of the natural world. He is also newly-engaged to a loving fiance named Sarah, a fellow teacher he's known since childhood, and is a good son to his widowed mother, who lives nearby. Johnny's life is nearly perfect, until the day his life is interrupted by a nearly fatal car crash that leaves him in a deep coma. Six years later, Johnny finally regains consciousness and discovers that life as he once knew it has completely changed. His mother has passed away, and Sarah has gone on to marry someone else, and now has a son. But Johnny himself is also not the same person he once was: he now finds himself in possession of amazing psychic powers which allow him to see into the lives of anyone he touches. Now, as Johnny attempts to reacquaint himself with a life he has been away from for six years, he must also begin a quest to come to terms with his new abilities, abilities that may turn out to be both a blessing and a curse. Helping Johnny make a fresh start are his physical trainer Bruce, who also becomes a close friend; his mother's priest, Gene Purdy, who sets up a trust fund for Johnny, but may not be looking out for Johnny's best interests; and Sarah, who must find a way to make Johnny a part of her life again without risking her relationship with her husband and son. Ronos Johnny Smith had the perfect life. Until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiance married to another man. His son doesn't know who he is. Everything's changed. Including Johnny. One touch, he can see things. Things that have happened. Things that will happen. You should see what he sees. James <jamesf98@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 