 Uptown Girls (2003)321) A grown-up woman who kept her childish instincts and behavior starts working as the nanny of an 8-year-old girl who actually acts like an adult. But everything ends right-side up. In New York City, Molly Gunn is a spoiled, wealthy, immature young woman who lives as if she were a fairytale princess. Her father, a popular rock guitarist, died in a plane crash with her mother when she was little. In a nightclub on her birthday she meets Lorraine "Ray" Schleine, a nasty young girl with an adult attitude, who lives with her careless mother and a terminally-ill father in a fancy uptown apartment. When Molly's accountant vanishes with her US$ 100,000,000.00 inheritance, she is left with nothing but debts and must work to survive--with no previous experience or marketable skills. She is hired to be Ray's babysitter, and their close contact makes Molly reach maturity and Ray act like the 8-year-old she is. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Molly Gunn, played by Brittany Murphy, is the daughter of a late rock and roll legend and the toast of the New York music scene. Unfortunately, reality hits Molly in the head when she loses all of her assets. Molly's lawyer, who wasn't insured, steals her inheritance and sells the future royalties to her father's music. Molly is forced to do something she has never done in her life, get a job. Her friend gets her a job as a nanny to a precocious eight-year-old, Ray Schleine (Dakota Fanning). Ray is emotionally distant from her mother Roma Schleine (Heather Locklear), a career-obsessed music executive who doesn't have any time for Ray. Since Ray's father has been in a coma for years, she has grown up with too little family stability. Ray has had a revolving door of nannies, who must take orders from her or they are gone. Molly can't take Ray anymore and quits, however, she finally learns the meaning of the word humility when she must beg Ray for her job back. Molly gives Ray her potbelly-pig and their friendship begins. Molly becomes a true friend to Ray and not an employee. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 