 CQ (2001)Summaries A young filmmaker in 1960s Paris juggles directing a cheesy sci-fi debacle, directing his own personal art film, coping with his crumbling relationship with his girlfriend, and realizing that he's infatuated with the sci-fi film's starlet. In 1969 Paris, the filming of a sci-fi movie set in the distant year 2001 is in trouble. The director's obsession with the actress who plays the sexy secret agent Dragonfly has clouded his judgment and the film has no ending. A young American, in Paris to document his life on film with total honesty, is brought in to finish the movie with a bang. This proves to be difficult when the line between his fantasy life and reality becomes blurred, and he finds himself seduced by Dragonfly's charms. Kimberly In 1969, American Paul Ballard is a film editor living in Paris with his French flight-attendant girlfriend Marlene, and an aspiring filmmaker filming his and Marlene's day-to-day interactions to get a better grip on himself and their hot/cold relationship, despite Marlene's opinion that the film is self-indulgent and worth no-one's time. The latest film on which Paul has been hired as editor and on which he is also second-unit director is an English-language futuristic sex-kitten action-adventure film set in Paris in the year 2001. It is helmed by famed French director Andrezej who discovered the film's leading actress Valentine, who plays the title character Dragonfly. With the majority of filming complete but the film yet without an ending, the movie's producer, Enzo di Martini, fires Andrezej as he is unhappy with Andrezej's vision. Through a few iterations of directors, including wunderkind Felix DeMarco, Paul is eventually hired to complete the direction of the movie including coming up with an ending to the story. Through the process, Paul becomes infatuated with Valentine himself. Paul's two films might change the direction of both his professional and personal lives. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 