 El privilegio de amar (19981999)Summaries Cristina, an orphan looking for a break in the modeling industry, makes her dreams come true when famous Mexican designer Luciana Duval) hires her for her modeling agency. Luciana, a poor young woman working as a maid in the venerable Velarde home, falls in love with the son of the household, young seminary student Juan de la Cruz. The night before Juan is to return to the seminary, he and Luciana give in to their feelings; shortly after he leaves, she discovers she's pregnant and is forced to tell Juan's cruel mother, Ana Joaquina, that Juan is the father. She is mercilessly fired, ejected from the house. and left homeless and penniless on the streets. On a cold, rainy night, Luciana gives birth to a baby girl. Terrified and alone, Luciana makes the painful decision to leave her baby on the doorstep of a mansion in hopes that someone else could give her daughter a better life. 20 years later Luciana has become Luciana Duval, a renowned, respected businesswoman in the fashion world. Presiding over her own fashion empire, she seems to have it all: success; wealth; fame; a handsome, loving husband in famous television actor Andrs Duval; a caring if roguish, stepson Vctor Manuel; and a pretty teenage daughter, Lizbeth. However, Luciana's life is far from perfect. She carries the dark memory of her past and has never truly forgiven herself for abandoning her baby girl. For years, Luciana has secretly searched for her daughter and never let on to her family and friends. But the reappearance of Padre Juan de la Cruz opens old wounds for Luciana and forces her to reluctantly enlist his help in finding their long-lost daughter. Unbeknownst to Luciana, her beloved daughter is much closer than she thinks: Cristina Miranda, the fresh-faced, enthusiastic new model at Luciana's fashion company is her long-lost daughter. Luciana exposes Cristina to the cold, cruel world of modeling and spares her no humiliation. Cristina overcomes Luciana's hot temper and quickly becomes the star model in the company. Vctor Manuel takes notice of Cristina's beauty and the two fall deeply in love. But everything comes crashing down when Luciana finds out about the relationship. Luciana fires Cristina and makes her life a living hell by causing her to be fired from any other job she manages to get. Vctor Manuel, on the other hand, is pressured into marrying his ex-girlfriend Tamara when she falsely claims to be pregnant by him. Humiliation, frustration, anger, grief, guilt, pain, regret, and remorse swirl around Luciana as she slowly works through her demons and unravel the identity of her missing daughter. How can Luciana ever earn her daughter's forgiveness after abandoning her and later tormenting her so viciously? skillwithaquill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 