 Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi (1996)66) A man (Akshay Kumar) searches for his missing brother (Inder Kumar) who is also wanted by the police. Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi is about the deadly game of survival in a ruthless world of crime & sleaze, Akshay (Akshay Kumar) who is an army officer on his way to the USA to attend his brother, Ajay's (Inder Kumar) wedding. On the flight meets Priya & Is is love at first sight for both of them but tragedy awaits Akshay in America. His brother is missing and is wanted by the American Police. Akshay's search for his brother leads him to the dangers Maya (Rekha) who is above even the American law. An untouchable. This starts a game of life and death. The player involved will have only one chance. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Akshaye is an army commando who find out that his younger brother, Ajay, who reside in the U.S. is abducted and held as hostage by a female criminal don, Maya. Maya is responsible for hosting illegal wrestling matches which involves two wrestlers with one killing the other. Akshaye travels to the U.S. with a motive of having his brother free at any cost - even if it means risking his life by taking part in Maya's deadly game of wrestling. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Madam Maya organizes illegal wrestling matches. Ajay a musician from India comes to New York with his friends in search of work and suddenly goes missing.His elder brother takes a flight to New York and meets Priya on his journey and both fall in love. Akshay finds that Ajay was working for Madam Maya and found about her illegal wrestling matches.He goes to Maya's house and finds Priya there who is her younger sister. Akshay gains Maya's trust by saving her life and comes close to her to find the truth of his brother's disappearance. This leads to heartbreak for Priya and Akshay will have to face the killing machine Undertaker. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Ajay Malhotra has re-located to the U.S., and has started his own orchestra with the help of some of his friends. His brother, Akshaye, decides to visit him, and on the airplane meets with Priya, and both fall in love. Once in the U.S., Akshaye finds out that the Police have a warrant for the arrest of Ajay, and want to question him about this. Akshaye's attempts to locate Ajay, lands him with a female criminal don named Maya, who also happens to be Priya's sister. Maya is holding Ajay, and will only release him after he hands over incriminating documents. The highlight of the movie is the presence of the Grim Reaper - the Dead Man - yes - none other than the former WWF/ present WWE's Undertaker. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) A female criminal don, Maya hosts illegal wrestling match in the U.S, and has the full support of the American Police Commissioner. A singer, Ajay Malhotra with the help of his girlfriend gathers enough evidence against Maya and is going to provide this to the police but before this could happen, Ajay himself is trapped, is wanted by the police and is held captive in Maya's clutches until he hands over this evidence to her. His brother, Akshaye, an army officer, now relocates to the U.S. and begins a manhunt for his brother, himself reaches up with Maya and begins to work as hitman for her. Watch as the events turn around as Maya falls in love with Akshaye and Akshaye loves her younger sister, Priya and will be asked to choose between either, as a wrong choice may jeopardize the life of his brother, Ajay. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 