 Don't Say a Word (2001)431) When the daughter of a psychiatrist is kidnapped, he's horrified to discover that the abductors' demand is that he break through to a post traumatic stress disorder suffering young woman who knows a secret... A group of thieves steal a rare gem, but in the process, two of the men double cross the leader of the thieving group, Patrick, and take off with the precious stone. Ten years later, prominent psychiatrist Nathan Conrad is invited to examine a disturbed young woman named Elisabeth. Patrick immediately kidnaps Nathan's daughter, forcing Nathan to attempt to get Elisabeth to reveal a secret number which will ultimately lead Patrick to the whereabouts of the precious gem that has eluded him. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> In 1991, a team of audacious thieves performed the perfect heist and stole a rare $10-million gem. One long decade later, the idyllic life of the prominent Manhattan psychiatrist, Dr Nathan Conrad, shutters to pieces when a ruthless member of the same gang abducts his precious little daughter, Jessie, demanding an unexpected reward. Now, if the good doctor wants to see his child again, he must do everything in his power to extract a vital six-digit number from the clouded mind of Elisabeth Burrows: a troubled young patient with a long history of violence and failed treatments. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1991,a group of theives steal a rare $10 million gem,but in the process,2 of the lads double cross their leader,Patrick(Sean Bean),and take off with the precious stone. Ten years later,on the day before Thanksgiving,prominent private practice Manhattan child psychiatrist,Dr. Nathan R. Conrad,(Michael Douglas), is invited by his friend and former collegue Dr. Louis Sachs,(Oliver Platt),to examine a disturbed young lady named Elisabeth(Brittany Murphy),at the state sanatorium. Having been released on November 4, Patrick's gang breaks into an apartment which overviews Conrad's family apartment,including his wife Aggie(Famke Janssen),who has a broken leg from a skiing accident,and bright kid Jessie(Skye McCole Bartusiak), who has learned some of her father's psychological tricks. That evening.Patrick kidnaps Nathan's daughter-while Detective Sandra Cassidy(Jennifer Esposito), is called to investigate the unexplained murders of the driver and his sister of Patrick's gang 4 days earlier. The next morning Patrick forces Nathan to attempt during the holiday,to get Elisabeth to reveal a secret 6-digit number,which will ultimately lead Patrick to the whereabouts of the precious gem that has eluded him,so he and his gang can enjoy the life of luxury they all had hoped for. 