 Shortcut to Happiness (2003)431) A down-and-out writer sells his soul to the Devil in exchange for fame and fortune. In Manhattan, ambitious writer Jabez Stone (Producer and Director Alec Baldwin) is a complete loser. He is not able to sell his novels, he lives in an awful apartment and he does not have success with women. When one of his friends, Julius Jensen (Dan Aykroyd), sells his novel for one hundred ninety thousand dollars to an editor, Jabez feels envious and promises to sell his soul to the devil for success and accidentally kills a woman with his typing machine. The Devil (Jennifer Love Hewitt) knocks on his door, fixes the situation, and seals a contract with Jabez. His low quality novels have bad reviews but become best-sellers; Jabez enriches; has success with women, but has no time for his friends. Jabez meets with publisher Daniel Webster (Sir Anthony Hopkins) who offers him a chance to break the contract with the devil. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the literary world, Jabez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is a down-and-out writer trying to make the big time in New York City. Saddened, he has no luck with women, and his best friend Julius (Dan Aykroyd) has just gloated to him that he sold his novel to Webster books. Jealous of Julius, and with is long string of bad luck, he promises to sell his soul to the devil in exchange for success. The Devil (Jennifer Love Hewitt) immediately fixes everything and he becomes famous, has success with women, and a career that fulfills his wildest dreams. With the help of Constance Hurry (Kim Cattrall), Jabez is on the fast track to the top. However, the view from the top isn't as good as what he thought it would be. Time is running out fast on his ten-year contract for his soul. Having realized his mistake, Jabez must enlist the help of Daniel Webster (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who offers him a chance to break the contract with the devil and try to save his mortal soul. Third Millenium Entertainment [au] Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jabez Stone (Alec Baldwin) is a desperate, down on his luck writer who reaches rock bottom when his close friend, Julius Jensen (Dan Aykroyd), finds success. Thwarted in his attempts to get his work published, he meets a beautiful stranger (Jennifer Love Hewitt) who offers him a chance at fame and fortune in exchange for his soul. Stone, having lost faith in himself, agrees to the offer. After accepting the deal Jabez is quickly lavished with all he had ever dreamed of. A book deal, money, women, notoriety, Stone now had it all. However, despite the success, he is losing the friendship, respect and trust of those around him. Coming to the realization that he didn't quite get everything he bargained for, Stone begs the Devil to release him from their deal. When the Devil scoffs he turns to famed orator Daniel Webster (Anthony Hopkins). The two conclude that they should take the battle to court with Webster defending Stone in an otherworldly trial against the Devil in the ultimate battle of wits in a fight over the fate of Stone's soul. 