 Command & Conquer: Yuri's Revenge (2001 Video Game)Summaries You play either the Soviet or Allied side as you battle against the mad scientist Yuri. The night after the Kremlin is stormed and the Soviet revolution led by Aleksander Romanov is defeated, a dinner is held for President Dugan and the top generals who were pivotol in the Allied success, the President is contacted by the psychic, fugitive former advisor to Premier Romanov, Yuri. He informs the Americans of his plan to mind control the enitire planet with his network of devices, the Psychic Dominators, which are spread across the globe. As it turned out, while the Alliance had been occupied with the Russian uprising, Yuri and his psychic corr had been building an arsernal of their own, comprised of psychic manipulating and genetic mutating weapons. Moments before the devices are activated, the one in San Fransisco was disabled and that one state was left free from the clutches of Yuri. The Allies leading scientist, Dr. Albert Einstein, comes up with a plan to alter the recent events. He has built a time machine, with which the USA plan to travel back in time with advanced weaponry, and stop the Psychic Dominators before they activate. The Russians plan to take control of the time machine and also travel back, not only to kill the traitor Yuri but to alter the events of the last war, and finally conquer the world. And so the battle for domination begins... again. Daniel Keating <be_a_renegade@hotmail.com> After the devastating battles of WWIII that were seen in Red Alert 2 the U.S has emerged victorious. Or have they? Russia's Premier, Alex Romanov was captured, but his right-hand man and chief-of-science Yuri is still on the loose, and has secretly concocted a malicious scheme to brainwash the entire world! Fortunately the U.S have postponed this long enough to take advantage of German genius Albert Einstein's latest invention, a time machine. However the Soviets wish to use this to destroy Yuri as well. Who shall defeat Yuri, Allies or Soviets? That's all up to you. Mad Dog McLagan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 