 Sooryavansham (1999)Summaries Heera fails to live up to expectations of his father Thakur Bhanupratap Singh, a powerful and respected man of his community. Despite all odds Heera struggles to keep his father's pride. Due to the respects he has for his subjects; Thakur Bhanu Pratap Singh rules over his region with fairness and thus any decision he makes on behalf of the villagers holds weight. He lives with his wife Sharda, three sons with Heera being the youngest son, who is uneducated and for this very reason he is black-listed by his dad. When Heera abducts a girl name Radha from a respectable family and marry her this defame his family more prompting Bhanu Pratap to turn him out of the house. In a short while Heera and his wife Radha struggles to make ends; with the advent of a bus service Heera is now a wealthy man and Radha is now the collector. He continues to climb the ladder of success by inaugurating a charitable hospital in his dad's name but another calamity destructs him when he became the prime suspect for poisoning his dad's Kheer. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) For generations the Sooryavansh family has ruled the communities and it's people justly and fairly. This generation is headed by Thakur Bhanupratap Singh (Amitabh Bachchan). He has 3 sons, the youngest, Heera (also Amitabh) he considers to be the black sheep, and most illiterate of the family, and he will not have anything to do with him. He is enraged when Heera proposes to marry his ward, Gauri (Rachana Bannerjee); and even more angered when Heera flip-flops, albeit at the request of Gauri, and refuses to marry her. Heera is shunned by one and all in the family, including Gauri. And then Radha (Soundarya) enters his life; she marries him; encourages him to live independently; and helps his business flourish. Soon they are blessed with birth of a son. Heera fulfills his father's dream of a charitable hospital for the poor. Bhanupratap comes to know of his grandchild, and meets him secretly. Then one day Bhanupratap is rushed to hospital, apparently poisoned by drinking kheer prepared by Heera, and Heera becomes the prime suspect of what may well become the death of his father. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 