 The One (2001)Summaries A rogue Multiverse agent goes on a manhunt for alternate versions of himself, getting stronger with each kill. Only the last version of himself, an LASD cop, can stop his crusade before he becomes "The One". There is not one universe, but there are many, which is a multiverse. Supposing you are just one person, there are many other versions of you in the other universes, there are ways to travel, but only a police agency, MVA, can travel only for police procedures. Gabriel Yulaw is a former MVA agent, who killed another version of himself in self-defense. It made the other versions of him stronger. When Yulaw found out about this, he became power-hungry killing the 122 other versions for two years. After killing Lawless and getting captured by his former partner Roedecker and a new MVA agent Funsch, Yulaw managed to escape the prison and is trying to kill his last target, Gabe Law who is a police officer. He is also at Yulaw's strength. Roedecker and Funsch now have to arrest Yulaw before he can kill Gabe. There is a possibility that the universe could die or make Yulaw invincible. After encountering Yulaw for the first time, Gabe thought that it was his split personality, but it wasn't. Will Gabe be able to confront Yulaw before or after Yulaw ruins his life? Zero 88 What if there is more than one universe and that all of these universes are held together by one single stream of energy. That energy is equally distributed to every living being in each universe and if one of these beings die, that energy is reallocated equally to each other surviving member. With each allocation, a person becomes stronger. Now one universe has mastered the ability of crossing into another universe and a man named Yulaw who believes that, if he can kill all of his counterparts, he will become invincible. But there are those who believe that it might have detrimental effects, so begins the manhunt for the most dangerous villain in the multiverse. Unfortunately, he just has one more person to kill, Gabe Law. Otherworldly police officers follow Yulaw but the madman has committed some unthinkable crimes, leaving Gabe accused and wanted. But Gabe discovers that he has changed, only wanting to kill Yulaw; unaware of what could happen. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 