 Jaanwar (1999)44) A ruthless criminal mends his criminal ways after he meets an abandoned child and takes utmost care of him. However, the shadows of the past continues to haunt him. Sultan (Shakti Kapoor) adopted an orphan and named him Badshah (Akshay Kumar). Badshah grows up to be a criminal and his life was made difficult by Inspector Pradhan (Ashish Vidyarthi). Badshah's sidekick is Abdul (Ashutosh Rana). The only hope in Badshah's life is Sapna (Karisma Kapoor), whom he incidentally met. But circumstances lead Badshah to commit murder in public. During this experience, a child clangs to him and he took the child to Sapna. Before he could explain anything, Pradhan gets there and Badshah had to escape. He changed his name to Babu Lohar and becomes a blacksmith and loving father, to give the child a good future. However, after 7 years, he sees Abdul and Sultan again. Pradhan is still after him. When the child's parents find out about him, they ask Babu to return their child. Will he let the child go? Will the child go with his parents? gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Raised in an atmosphere of hatred, violence and crime, Bapu Lohar who now calls himself 'Badshah' is a cold-blooded criminal who usually murder his victims for the right amount. When Badshah rescues a child his life changes and is force to take up profession as a blacksmith in order to give the child a good future; but Badshah's criminal associates will not let him just walk away. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Orphaned when his mother dies of hunger, Bapu is corrupted by Sultan, an ambitious criminal mastermind. He grows up to become "Badshah", a violent career criminal. A chance encounter with a lost child causes him to re-evaluate his life and he becomes an honest blacksmith and loving father. However, he cannot escape his past so easily and he finds himself pursued by a number of people including the dogged Inspector Pradhan; Sapna the girl he jilted; his former criminal associates as well as the child's real parents. van Goethem It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 