 Road to Perdition (2002)541) A mob enforcer's son in 1930s Illinois witnesses a murder, forcing him and his father to take to the road, and his father down a path of redemption and revenge. 1931. Mike Sullivan and Connor Rooney are two henchmen of elderly downstate IL-based Irish-American mobster John Rooney, Connor's father. In many respects, John treats Mike more as his son, who he raised as his own after Mike was orphaned, than the volatile Connor, who nonetheless sees himself as the heir apparent to the family business. One evening, Mike's eldest son, twelve year old Michael Sullivan Jr., who has no idea what his father does for a living, witnesses Connor and his father gun down an associate and his men, the situation gone wrong initiated from an action by Connor. Caught witnessing the incident, Michael is sworn to secrecy about what he saw. Regardless, Connor, not wanting any loose ends, makes an attempt to kill Mike, his wife and their two sons. Mike and the surviving members of his family know that they need to go on the run as Connor, who has gone into hiding, will be protected through mob loyalty, especially by John, who cannot turn on his own flesh and blood. Still, Mike has to figure out a way for retribution for what Connor did, while still protecting him and his family, not only from Connor, but from John and his fellow associates. Through it all, Mike wants those in his family that had no say in what he chose as a living, to have some redemption for their eternal souls. Huggo It is the year 1931. Mike Sullivan is a henchman of southern Illinois crime boss John Rooney. Having taken Sullivan under his wing as as orphan, Rooney's paternal affections for him are greater than for his son and heir, Connor Rooney, who is a violent and dangerous man. Sullivan's eldest son Michael, who is curious about his mysterious father, inadvertently witnesses a mob hit that is carried out by his father and Connor. Michael is caught and sworn to secrecy but Connor views him as a loose end. This puts Sullivan at odds with Rooney who is forced to side with his son, making Sullivan an enemy of the mob. Sullivan then takes action to protect his family and to put an end to the threat. JFairweather Mike Sullivan works as a hit man for crime boss John Rooney. Sullivan views Rooney as a father figure. However after his son is witness to a killing he has done Mike Sullivan finds himself on the run trying to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him. Jude Law co stars as a hit man hired to kill Sullivan. EL TORO 79 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Michael Sullivan Sr., is an enforcer to John Rooney, an Irish-American crime boss in Rock Island, Illinois, during the Great Depression. Raised by by Rooney since he was an orphan, Michael has worked for the crime boss most of his life, and built One evening, Sullivan and Rooney's son Connor, are sent to talk with a disgruntled employee, named Finn McGovern. Curious as to what his father's unexplained job is, twelve-year-old Michael Sullivan Jr stows away in his father's car, attempting to learn more about his enigmatic father's ambiguous profession. At the location, Michael Jr witnesses Connor's impulsive killing of McGovern, and is soon after discovered by his father and Connor. Although Michael swears that his son will tell no-one about what he saw, Connor is not convinced. After the killing, John Rooney sends Michael to collect a debt from a speakeasy owner, but the owner is informed secretly by Connor to kill Michael, thus eliminating his debts to the Rooney's. The attempt to silence Michael fails, and finding the correspondence Connor wrote, Michael tears off back home...where he finds his wife Annie and youngest son Peter having been murdered by Connor. Michael Jr was not home at the time due to a school altercation, and thus was spared from Connor's actions. Taking his son and fleeing to Chicago, Michael requests assistance from a Lieutenant in Al Capone's crime syndicate, named Frank Nitti. It is here that Michael learns that Connor is already under protection from Capone and his men. After the meeting Nitti informs John and Connor of Michael's visit, leading to hire an assassin named Harlan Maguire, who is tasked with killing both the father and son. Following the meeting, Michael Sr's plan is to take his son to Perdition in Michigan, where his mother's sister lives. However, plans change when Harlan catches up to the two at a diner, and almost kills them. Realizing that they are now being pursued, Michael Sr realizes they can't find peace until Connor Rooney is dead. After training Michael Jr how to drive a car, Michael Sr then begins a string of bank robberies across the state, but only robbing the banks of mob-money being held by Capone, hoping this will pressure the mobster into giving up Connor. Getting the corrupt bank managers to cooperate in that plan is simple by not only insisting they make it clear who the culprit is, but also offering them to keep a portion of the money for themselves if they would claim Michael Sr took it with the playful rationale of the kickback being a "handling charge." Instead, he soon learns that Capone has gotten wise to his actions, and have withdrawn their money from several banks. From here, Sullivan then tracks down Rooney's accountant, Alexander Rance. However, this turns out to be a trap as Maguire walks in on Sullivan and almost kills him! In the aftermath, Rance is killed and Maguire suffers an injury to his face, as Sullivan is shot in the arm but makes off with some of Rance's paperwork! Michael Jr doesn't get far driving his father, before Michael Sr slumps over! Stopping at a farm in the countryside, the couple living there manage to help the two lay low and recuperate. During this time, Michael begins looking through the papers he got from Rance's hotel room, and finds out that Connor had been embezzling money from his father under the names of gang members that he had murdered. Michael then goes off to visit John Rooney in secret, and tells him what he has found out about Connor. John reveals that he knows what his son has done, but even with this evidence, he will not surrender his son. This revelation leads to Michael making an important decision. Soon afterward, Michael ambushes John Rooney and his bodyguards in the street, picking them off with his Thompson sub-machine gun from an alley before approaching Rooney face to face. "I'm glad it's you," John says quietly, before Sullivan Sr. tearfully kills the man who was like a father to him. With John Rooney dead, Capone is bereft of any reason to protect Connor. Michael contacts Frank Nitti again, who gives him Connor's location, on the condition that this will end Sullivan's 'feud.' Michael is then allowed access to Connor's hotel room, where he kills Connor, before leaving. Michael and his son then head off to Perdition, Michigan, where they find a house along the sandy shores of Lake Michigan. Michael Sr goes into the house, but is ambushed by Maquire, who had been laying in wait for the two. Michael Jr appears, and attempts to shoot Maguire, but not before Michael Sr does. A few moments later, Michael Jr watches as his father dies in his arms. Following his father's death, Michael Jr returns to the farm family who helped him and his father, where he assumed the life of a farmer's son. 