 Andromeda (20002005)44) Captain Dylan Hunt and the crew of the Andromeda Ascendant set out on a mission to rebuild the Systems Commonwealth 300 years after its fall. After being frozen in time for 300 years, captain Dylan Hunt and his sentient warship Andromeda sets out to restore peace and civilization to the known universe. With him is the crew of the ship that, with profit in mind and unknowing of her captain still being alive, salvaged Andromeda from the black hole keeping her suspended in time. Andromeda originally hid in the black hole after a big battle. When Captain Hunt wakes up he realizes that this battle was the beginning of an epic war and that the great civilization he was defending, the Commonwealth, has been eradicated from existence. He and his unlikely and sometimes unpredictable crew starts on a mission to once again bring hope to the galaxy. Bug Dylan Hunt is the captain of the Andromeda Ascendant, a ship which serves in the military force of the Systems Commonwealth, a monarchy which spans several galaxies. Hunt and his ship are subsequently frozen for several centuries. Revived by a passing salvage ship, Hunt is horrified to find that the Commonwealth has collapsed and all known galaxies have descended into barbarism. Hunt decides to take his ship and crew on a trip around the cosmos to attempt to restore order to the known galaxies. Anonymous Captain Dylan Hunt commands the sentient starship Andromeda Ascendent, representing the vast, utopian All-Systems Commonwealth. When the Nietzcheans betray the Commonwealth, he is forced to order his crew to abandon ship and to pilot the Andromeda into a black hole. When the salvage ship Eureka Maru pulls them out three hundred years later, he finds a universe in chaos, where the Commonwealth is a memory. Alone, with a mighty living warship, and a motley crew (composed of a salvage team, a mercenary from the species that betrayed the Commonwealth, and a monk from a species of savage predator), Captain Hunt will struggle to re-establish the Commonwealth and return civilisation to the three galaxies. Tim W. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 