 Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta (2001)44) Raj is a lawyer who finds great success with his countless fibs. However, when his son wishes for his father to stop lying, Raj is magically forced to speak the truth, which lands him in trouble. It's about a lawyer who succeeds professionally by constant lying. His persistent dishonesty infuriates his wife, who threatens to leave him if he doesn't straighten out. Fearful of his parents' divorce, Raj's son wishes that his father could not lie, and creates a sort of curse that prevents Raj from speaking anything but the truth. Inspired from the movie "Liar Liar", this movie is about a lawyer (Govinda) who lies his way through marriage and career. His wife (Sushmita Sen) falls in love with him because of his honesty and when she finds out of his dishonesty she threatens to divorce him. Their son, to avoid the divorce, wishes on a shooting star that his father should lose the ability to lie. What happens after that is an enjoyable journey. Yusuf Rashid Coming from small-town Hoshiarpur to big city Bombay, conman and compulsive liar, Raj Malhotra (Govinda), a lawyer by profession, sets up shop with fellow lawyer, Mohan (Satish Kaushik) under an umbrella in the compound of the Bombay High Court. He comes to know of wealthy lawyer Tejpal (Anupam Kher) and his daughter, Sonam (Sushmita Sen). He devises a scheme to marry into this wealthy family, and he succeeds. Years later, he has now a son, who wishes that his dad would stop lying; and a mistress, Tara (Rhambha). The son's wish comes true, and all utterances from Raj's mouth are truthful. This creates a crisis in his personal life, as his confesses about his mistress; as well as his professional life, when he starts telling the truth in court, especially with his underworld clients, who are now out to kill him. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 