 Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles (2001)Summaries Australian Outback adventurer Mick "Crocodile" Dundee travels to Los Angeles with his young son while his longtime companion suspects foul play at a movie studio. From the opening shot of a Jurassic Park-esque reptilian eye, you know you are in for a wild ride. As Mick "Crocodile" Dundee sits in a canoe sharpening his famous knife, a monstrous croc hides somewhere in the deep. The croc suddenly attacks, tearing Mick's boat to pieces and leaving him and mate Jacko up a tree. Life for Mick can only get easier, right? When Mick arrives at home, he discovers longtime companion Sue's newspaper-mogul father has called, and needs her help on an article at the paper's Los Angeles branch. Mick, who recognizes his importance in the modernizing bush is now no more than as a tourist attraction, agrees to join her, and together Mick, Sue and son Mikey head for Los Angeles. Here the adventure truly begins, as Mick and Jacko brave a cowboy bar where the horsemen are of a different color, and a Hollywood film party where everyone seems interested in Mick's mate Malcolm "Mal" Gibson's colorful exploits. Sue's article soon leads to a sleazy film producer, so Mick gets a job as a monkey wrangler at his studio, where his investigation uncovers some very sketchy goings-on. Anonymous A lot has changed in the dusty hamlet of Walkabout Creek since Mick and Sue's encounter with danger in Crocodile Dundee II (1988) , and now, a business proposal brings the couple, along with their young son, Mikey, back to the United States. This time, as Sue takes over Newsday's Los Angeles department, the father and son embark on a bonding trip to sunny California, while in the meantime, Mick and Sue try to shed light on a mysterious death, and the shady business of a movie director. Can the legendary Crocodile Dundee crack this case? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 