 How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003)55) Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive and ladies' man who, to win a big campaign, bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in 10 days. Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive competing with two female co-workers for a major campaign for a diamond merchant. He cuts a deal with his competitors that the account is his if he can make a woman of their choice fall in love with him in 10 days. In comes Andie Anderson who, in turn, is writing a story on how to lose a guy in 10 days as a bet with her boss to be allowed to write more substantial stories. With a hidden agenda in each camp, will either party be able to complete their mission? Peter Brandt Nielsen Benjamin Barry is an advertising executive and ladies' man who, to win a big campaign, bets that he can make a woman fall in love with him in 10 days. Andie Anderson covers the "How To" beat for "Composure" magazine and is assigned to write an article on "How to Lose a Guy in 10 days." They meet in a bar shortly after the bet is made. Moe A ladies man bet his friends that he can get a woman to fall in love with him in 10 days, but unbeknownst to him, the woman he's dating is actually a magazine columnist working on a new column called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days", and she's doing everything she could to drive the guy she's dating crazy. Benjamin, an ad executive, is trying to land a big account, only his boss thinks that it needs a feminine touch, so he considers giving it to a couple of female execs. Benjamin makes a wager with them that if he can get a woman to fall in love with him he gets the account. He lets the female execs choose the girl. They choose Andie, a writer for Composure magazine whom they had met earlier and learned she is doing an article called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days". Knowing that she's going to be impossible, they don't tell him that. Ben tries his best to woo her while she does her best to drive him away. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 