 Joru Ka Ghulam (2000)44) A conman disguises himself as a groom in order to con a wealthy yet a troubled businessman, later reforms his criminal ways to win his ladylove. Dhaneshwar Pitamber, has four daughters. All the four daughters are not ready to marry, each one having their own reason. The daughters always play mischievous tricks on the one coming with a proposal of marriage, and their gang leader is the youngest daughter Durga. Kader Khan is so desperate to get his daughters married that he is ready to give a dowry of five crores to each son-in-law. Raja and Kanahaiya are small time con men at the airport. Raju Patel is an NRI from America who comes to India to get married to one of the daughters of Dhaneshwar. Raja and Dhaneshwar mistake Raja as Raju Patel and take him home. In order to get five crores Raja solves the problems of the daughters and makes them ready for getting married. How Raja solves the daughter's problems forms the crux of the story. Ashish Vidyarthi as a don obsessed in becoming a villain in films, plays a key character in the whole story. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Raja , Kanhaiya and his uncle flee to Mumbai after conning a Don Pappu Anna.Dyaneshwarprasad Pitamber a businessman has everything.But feels nothing for him as his four daughters aren't ready for marriage.Raja cons Raju and NRI and enters the house of Pitamber along with Kanhaiya he falls in love with his elder daughter Durga and convinces her for marriage on pretext of taking her wealth.But Pitamber lays a condition to that his son in law's will attain all his wealth equally only if his other daughter's marry on the same day as Durga and Raja .Raja convinces all his daughter's to marry by solving their problem and has a change of heart and decides not to con Pitamber.But Pappu Anna arrives in his search of and wants him dead. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Wealthy Dyaneshwarprasad Pitamber has a problem, to be precise four problems - his four uncontrollable daughters, named after four Goddesses: Lakhsmi, Saraswati, Parvati, and Durga, who refuse to be disciplined, and be married. Pitamber arranges for Raju Patel to come from the U.S. and marry at least one of his daughters. Unfortunately, Raju is waylaid at the airport by two con men, Raja and Kanhaiya, and his luggage, clothes, and id. is taken over by them, and he is left in barely basic clothing at the airport, mistaken for a beggar. Raja assumes the id. of Raju, and Kanhaiya accompanies him to Pitamber's house. Once there, they are welcomed with open arms by Pitamber, and Raja agrees to all conditions set up by Pitamber and his daughters in order to get married and inherit part of the vast wealth and fortune. Sensing something wrong somewhere, Pitamber asks Raja to locate three other grooms for his three daughters also, otherwise no marriage will take place, as he wants all four daughters to be married at the same time. With all four refusing to marry anyone, looks like Raja and Kanhaiya have a lot on their hands, apart from hiding from notorious criminal Pappu Anna, who has sworn to kill them for making him suffer a huge financial loss. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 