 Mindstorm (I) (2001)Summaries A psychic's investigation into the disappearance of a Senator's daughter leads her to a dangerous cult and the truth about her mysterious past. In 1985, the NSA's Dr. Parish's team trains paranormally gifted children in a new, secret Honduras base, where sergeant 'Uncle' Walter Golden is the closest thing to a parental figure for the eldest, most advanced boy, Malcolm, and his favorite Tracy. During director Bill Armitage's inspection visit, it is devastated by Soviet commandos. About fifteen years later, adult Tracy Wellman is a reckless private investigator and presents her boyfriend and protector, FBI agent Daniel 'Dan' Oliver, to her step-dad Angus, who never told the details of her traumatic amnesia at age 9, which still causes disturbed flashbacks. The FBI brings Tracy to -now- senator and presidential campaign nominee William 'wild Bill', who hires her discretely to retrieve his rebellious, since ten days missing daughter Rayanna 'Ray' before the press turns the story into an electoral nightmare. Rayanna is in the Congregation of Friends, charismatic, also psychic preacher David Mendez's New Age cult, and writes to dad he must leave her on Mendez's ranch in Yakima, Washington, or she'll turn to the press. Dan finds the cult is dangerous, building up an armory, and Mendez has absolutely no known past. Armitage asks help from Dan's boss Angus, who agrees he goes to ex-cult member Jeannette Long, in the witness protection program; they are attacked by helicopters while she tells Dan her ex-lover Mendez is in league with heavy criminals and obsessed with revenge on the senator. Mendez manages to rekindle Tracy's Honduras memories, says he's the late Malcolm's spirit in a dying Russian soldier's body and asks her help to stop Armitae and the likes by training enough people's psychic powers in the cult, finally revealing they are siblings. Yet Tracy refuses to become co-leader, calling David/Malcolm a schizophrenic brainwashing rapist, so she's tied up while the FBI including Daniel beleaguers the ranch, but Mendez has planned ahead... KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 