 Star Trek: Enterprise (20012005)55) A century before Captain Kirk's five-year mission, Jonathan Archer captains the United Earth ship Enterprise during the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the Earth-Romulan War and the formation of the Federation. The year is 2151. Earth has spent the last 88 years since learning how to travel faster than the speed of light studying under the wisdom of their alien ally called the 'Vulcans'. Now, the first crew of human explorers sets out into deep space on a ship called the 'Enterprise' to see what is beyond our solar system. It is time for Humans to break away from the clutches of the Vulcans, who for a hundred years after inventing the warp drive and making first contact with them ( the Vulcans) still aren't able to warp into space to explore. Luckily, an uncanny incident with the Tsuliban (in the first episode of the series) gets the Enterprise - commanded by Captain Jonathan Archer - it's first voyage at warp speed. Captain Archer is then put through a series of challenges as he quests for greater exploration after this initial voyage. His battles with alien warships, beings superior to humans, alternate universes, and time travel (without the luxury of a transporter) makes him display exemplary leadership and gain the loyalty of communications officer Hoshi, chief engineer Trip, armory officer Malcolm, ensign Travis, alien doctor Phlox and Vulcan Sub Commander T'Pol, put aboard the Enterprise to keep an eye on the captain. Denzil Almeida It's the 22nd century. At the dawn of the United Federation of Planets, 100 years before the adventures of Captain Kirk and crew, Captain Jonathan Archer and the crew of the Starship Enterprise NX-01 begin the journey where no one has gone before. Anonymous A prequel series, set 100 years before the original Star Trek series, which focuses on the early years of Starfleet, leading up to the formation of the Federation and the Earth-Romulan Wars. The series is set aboard the Earth ship Enterprise NX-01, captained by Jonathan Archer. David Nisbet It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 