 Christina's House (2000)321) A teenage girl is plagued by bizarre occurrences and deaths related to her new home. The teenager Christina, her younger brother Bobby, and their father James Tarling moves to a rented house in a small town in Washington to be close to Christina's mother Joanne, who is interned in an asylum. The house is being repaired by Howie Rhodes and Christina has a boy friend, the bad boy Eddy Duncan. While in the house, Christina hears noises and has a permanent feeling that another person lives there, but her father believes it is the structure being settled. When two teenagers vanish, the weird sheriff Mark Sklar visits the Tarling family, since the last place the teenagers were seen alive was nearby their home. When a dead body is found in a river close to the house, the sheriff investigates the place, trying to find the guilty for the crime. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA A pretty and perky teenage girl comes to the door of a big spooky house selling cookies. More about her later. The movie opens to film opens with title as CHRISTINA'S HOUSE (opening sequence). The movie begins to film begins with Vancouver, British Colombia, Canada at Christina is almost 17 and not entirely happy with her life. Her mom is sick in a hospital of some kind and Christina, her construction worker father and her 14-year-old brother Bobby have moved into a big spooky house (probably the same one) to be close by. It's more than just Christina being a moody teenager, though that's part of it. This is a small town in Washington state far away from the big city. Christina can't hang out with the friends after school because she has to watch Bobby, and it is up to her to make supper for the family and do chores. The house makes a lot of noise, like someone is there. Part of the problem could be rats. Howie has been hired to make repairs, and he comes around from time to time. He also seems to like Christina. This is a problem because Eddy also likes Christina. And Eddy's behavior is occasionally reckless. A creepy sheriff is all the time showing up. A girl is missing. And there are reasons to think someone or something in Christina's house is somehow involved. One day Christina and her best friend Karen find a body in a ditch. Weird things keep happening. Items and food appear and disappear mysteriously, and there are more of those noises. Christina's father seems attracted to his daughter, possibly because he doesn't have his wife. He is demanding but not quite abusive. Christina does visit her mother once and the mom says some weird things. Maybe she is somehow involved in the creepy stuff. And things eventually go from weird to terrifying. It's never quite sure who could be causing the problems until the exciting final scenes sdreen fades to black. The movie ends to film ends with the movie closes to film closes with opening credits with title as CHRISTINA'S HOUSE (closing sequence) and finally last closing credits. The End 