 Dragon Ball Z (19962003)55) After learning that he is from another planet, a warrior named Goku and his friends are prompted to defend it from an onslaught of extraterrestrial enemies. Son Goku, the world's most powerful fighter and guardian of justice, must protect the Earth from the Saiyan Warriors working under the tyrannical space warlord Frieza. Against all odds, Goku must team up with his longtime nemesis Piccolo to save everyone he loves from these new, unpredictable threats to humanity. Johnny-the-Film-Sentinel-2187 . Raditz, Goku's brother has traveled to Earth to find out why Goku has not yet destroyed the planet as he was supposed to do. But while as a baby, Goku was dropped (down a huge cliff) and forgot his real mission. Kakarot, Goku's real name battles his brother Raditzs along with former enemy Piccolo and friend Krillin. Meanwhile, Gohan; Goku's son reveals his hidden powers against Raditz and nearly kills Raditz. However Goku is killed in the end, but Raditz is eventually defeated by Piccolo. Before he dies, he tells them that two evil Saiyans even more powerful then he is, are on route to Earth. The remaining fighters, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien, and Chiaotzu begin their training to battle the evil Saiyans, while Piccolo takes off with Gohan to train him in using his new found power. Meanwhile, Goku has to make his way back on Snake Way to King Kai's where he trains himself in the secret art of Kaio-ken. dreamian The opening shot in the battle for planet Earth was fired when the Saiyan warrior Raditzh exploded into an unready world. But the worst is yet to come. Raditz has foretold the coming of his Saiyan brethren, two mercenaries who subjugate entire worlds and sell them to the highest bidder. Earth's only hope lies with Goku, only there's one horrifying factor. Goku is nowhere to be found! Goku's way back to Earth lies along Snake Way, a twisted highway fraught with unbelievable peril. For in one year's time the Saiyans will arrive. Can Goku make it back...or will the planet be lost forever? dreamian The epic episodic adventure of Goku and the Z Warriors as they defend the Earth and the Universe from super-powered fighters and monsters. The series is a continuation of the original Dragon Ball, but focuses more on the intense, multi-episode battles that the Z Warriors fight with their foes. The series shifts from centering on Goku, midway, to that of his son, Gohan, as 30 years passes from the first battle with Goku's brother, Radditz, to the final match between Goku and Uub. In the US, the dubbed show ran on Cartoon Network in the popular Toonami block. dreamian It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 