 Baby Boy (2001)44) In South Central L.A., a misguided 20-year-old African-American man, a "baby boy", faces the commitments of real life. This is the story of Jody, an unemployed young black man, who's been living with his mother for several years, even though he's got a child of his own. Romantically, he's having relationships with two women: Yvette, the mother of his son, and a new interest. Anonymous BABY BOY is the powerful urban drama directed by John Singleton (Shaft and Boyz N the Hood) starring rap music superstars TYRESE GIBSON and SNOOP DOGG (Half Baked, I Got the Hook Up). With knockout performances from VING RHAMES (Mission: Impossible II, Pulp Fiction, Con Air) and A.J. Johnson (Friday House Party, The Players Club), BABY BOY is a tough, honest and unflinching look at modern urban life. Jody (Gibson) is a 20-year-old African American in South Central L.A. who is trying to live large but doesn't have a job. He's got two babies by two different women and still lives at home with his mother (Johnson). Growing up is tough on Jody, but a series of events involving his mother's new boyfriend Melvin (Rhames), his girlfriend Yvette (Taraji P. Henson) and her ex-con ex-boyfriend Rodney (Snoop Dogg), force him to learn lessons about living, loving and surviving as a man in the hood. This movie revolves around Jody, a young, unemployed, selfish, immature black man who won't leave the nest of his mama's home, even though he has a son and a daughter by two different women. Jody is a mama's boy and when his mom's new ex-con boyfriend moves in the house, Jody becomes very defensive and is continually challenging him. His Mom's previous boyfriend who moved in kicked his older brother out, who subsequently ended up dead on the streets and Jody doesn't want that to happen to him. Jody is a good man and is continually fighting these battles inside himself to do whats right by him and his family but just can't seem to get over the hump. That is until one night, tensions finally boil over between he and Rhames. Rhames has been telling Jody there is nothing Jody has done that he hasn't and more. Rhames tries explaining the way of life to Jody, but he won't have it and Jody takes a swing at Rhames, who in turn lays him out. Jody leaves the house and circumstances lead him to eventually having to kill a man, however when the opportunity arrives he can't do it and only shoots him in the legs. He returns home where Rhames helps him out and a bond is formed between them and after a talk with Rhames realizes he has a good life ahead of him with a great family and he needs to grow up. <drpurvis01@ev1.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 