 The Hunted (2003)541) An FBI deep-woods tracker attempts to capture a trained assassin who has made a sport of hunting humans. After a spate of grisly murders performed in an almost ritualistic way, the experienced survival expert and former military instructor, L.T. Bonham, is summoned to track down the elusive and shockingly familiar killer: one of his best pupils, Aaron Hallam. Holed up in the wet and tangled wilderness of Oregon's Silver Falls State Park, Aaron--now a tormented and delusional killing machine--will soon come face-to-face with his grizzled mentor, in a no-holds-barred hand-to-hand combat. Suddenly, age; experience; strength, and the feral will to survive, blur the line between a hunter and his prey. Now, who is the hunted? Nick Riganas Aaron Hallam, a Delta Force soldier has gone renegade after witnessing genocide of innocent civilians during his time in the Kosovo War. Back in US, in the wilderness, he kills two deer hunters equipped with sophisticated gears n rifles. Before killing them both with his knife, Hallam tells them that, because of the sophisticated weapons n gears, they are not true hunters. Bonham, a retired trainer n mentor of Hallam, is approached by the FBI to help catch Hallam. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the green woods of Silver Falls, Oregon, Aaron Hallam, a trained assassin AWOL from the Special Forces, keeps his own brand of wildlife vigil. After Hallam brutally slew four deer hunters in the area, FBI Special Agent Abby Durrell turns to L.T. Bonham-- the one man who may be able to stop him. At first L.T. resists the mission. Snug in retirement, he's closed off to his past, the years he spent in the Special Forces training soldiers to become skilled killers. But when he realizes that these recent slaying is the work of a man he trained, he feels obligated to stop him. Accepting the assignment under the condition that he works alone, L.T. enters the woods, unarmed--plagued by memories of his best student and riddled with guilt for not responding to Aaron's tortured letters to him as he began to slip over the edge of sanity. Furious as he is with his former mentor for ignoring his pleas for help, Aaron knows that he and L.T. share a tragic bond that is unbreakable. And, even as they go into their final combat against each other, neither can say with certainty who is the hunted and who is the hunter. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1999, in Kosovo, all hell is breaking loose, and brutal Serbian soldiers are in the process of destroying an Albanian village. Sergeant 1st Class Aaron Hallam (Benicio Del Toro) is a very skilled soldier/government operative who sneaks into an enemy building, and kills a Serbian commander (Mio Drag Jakula). Now, a few years later, in snowy British Columbia, a province in Canada, L. T. Bonham (Tommy Lee Jones) is working for the World Wildlife Fund. Bonham treats a wolf that was injured by a trap, and then he finds the man (David S. Case) who set the trap, and he slams the guy's face into a table. In the woods of Silver Falls, Oregon, two hunters with high-tech scope rifles are wandering through the forest, hunting deer. Hallam is hunting the two men. Basically, he's first playing with them (talking to them, taunting them, with them having no clue where he is), then he slowly kills them, and dismembers them. Government officials urge Bonham to come to Oregon and use his expert tracking skills to help them find Hallam, who has PTSD from his service in Kosovo. Reluctantly, Bonham accepts. In Silver Falls, Bonham meets FBI agent Abby Durrell (Connie Nielsen), who is one of the investigators. Bonham goes into the forest, and finds Hallam. The two fight, and seem to be of equal skill, but Abby and the other agents, who secretly followed Bonham, tranquilize Hallam. While Hallam is in custody in Portland, Oregon, Bonham tells Abby who Hallam is. Dale Hewitt (Mark Pellegrino) and his partner Stokes (Aaron Brounstein), two men who work for the Department of Defense, show up with a letter saying that Hallam is to be handed over to the Department of Defense, and Dale and Stokes are not giving out much information to the police. It's explained that Hallam is a highly-trained assassin whose PTSD from Kosovo has turned him into a killing machine who enjoys killing people, no matter whether his superiors consider them "good" or "bad." Hallam and Bonham also know each other -- while Bonham, unlike Hallam, has never been in the military, Bonham was employed by the Army to train people how to kill, and he trained Hallam quite well. Bonham, however, left that life behind and went to British Columbia to work for the World Wildlife Fund. All the letters to Tommy, where Hallam mourned the loss of his sanity, went unanswered. Hallam felt that Bonham was almost like a father to him. Dale and Stokes load Hallam into an Army transporter, and drive him away. On the road, they more or less explain to Hallam that they're going to kill him. Hallam expresses discontent with that plan, and kills Dale and Stokes, and also the driver, who -- because he was shot in the head -- crashes the transporter. Hallam escapes. Hallam pays a visit to his ex-girlfriend Irene Kravitz (Leslie Stefanson), who never really understood what exactly he was doing. Hallam gives Irene tons of money, tells Irene that she and her 7-year-old daughter Loretta (Jenna Boyd) are in danger, and urges them to leave the house. Bonham, who was on his way back to British Columbia, believing that his mission was done, hears about Hallam's escape and heads back to Portland, Oregon. Abby tells Bonham about Irene, and they go to Irene's house. They find Hallam there, but he escapes by jumping out of a window and then driving away with Irene's car. A few minutes and many car crashes later, Hallam escapes on foot at a construction site, with Bonham, Abby, and the police on his trail. They chase Hallam into the sewers, where, one by one, Hallam starts killing cops and FBI agents. Bonham chases Hallam up to the street, and runs after Hallam. The chase includes a bike, and the metro express. Hallam climbs onto the top of a high bridge pillar, and jumps down into the river. No one spots him as he swims with the current. Bonham uses his tracking skills along the river as he tries to find Hallam. Along the way, Bonham creates a sharp knife out of a rock. At the same time, Hallam -- hiding somewhere near the river -- makes a cozy bonfire and forges a knife out of some stray metal that someone left behind. Bonham finds Hallam. They fight with their knives, and they cut each other up. Hallam cuts Bonham up numerous times. Bonham manages to stab Hallam in the chest, just as Abby and her agents arrive. Hallam collapses, and passes away. Later, back in British Columbia, Bonham is in his cabin, burning all the letters that Hallam wrote to him. 