 Johnny English (2003)541) After a sudden attack on MI5, Johnny English, Britain's most confident, yet unintelligent spy, becomes Britain's only spy. When a funeral of a British spy is attacked, all of the remaining spies are killed. Only one spy is left and is now Britain's last hope. Johnny English and his sidekick, Bough have been assigned the case of investigating the theft of the British Crown Jewels. The prime suspect is a mysterious French entrepreneur, known as Pascal Sauvage. English and Bough soon find out the horrifying truth behind the theft and Sauvage, but it's not going to be an easy job to bring him to justice. FilmFanUK In an uncertain world, few things are as dependable as the British Secret Service. So when an unthinkable plan to filch the country's beloved Crown Jewels comes to the Service's attention, the best man for the job, the crme de la crme of the organization's super sleuths, Agent Number One, is quickly assigned to the case and is quickly dispatched to six feet under. But unfortunately for the B.S.S., virtually every other able member of its esteemed ranks soon joins Agent Number One in the afterworld when the funeral is being bombed. Now there is only one man remaining who can even hope to protect his country, avenge the elimination of all of the Secret Service's spies and uncover the fiendish plot to make off with the lasting symbols of the once supreme British empire, the Crown Jewels - Johnny English. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} By a twist of fate and an unforeseen bomb attack, the maladroit MI7 agent, Johnny English, becomes the United Kingdom's last and only chance to retrieve England's stolen Crown Jewels. As a result, to preserve the monarchy, Britain's only spy and his loyal assistant, Bough, must put their rigorous training to good use, as the prison construction tycoon, Pascal Sauvage, becomes public enemy number one in the eyes of the inexperienced duo. However, is there more to Sauvage than meets the eye? Is the suave French benefactor, indeed, an embittered megalomaniac? Above all, who is Lorna Campbell, the alluring woman of mystery? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Johnny English is a kindhearted and well-intentioned but clumsy MI7 employee, working a desk job while dreaming of being their most trusted agent. After Agent One dies in a submarine accident unknowingly caused by English, the remaining agents are killed by a bombing at Agent One's funeral, again due to English's incompetence, leaving English as the lone surviving agent capable of finishing Agent One's mission. Assigned to thwart a plot to steal the newly restored Crown Jewels, English meets the mysterious Lorna Campbell at the jewels' unveiling at the Tower of London. During a sudden blackout, the jewels are stolen. In the chaotic aftermath, English accidentally knocks out the deputy head of security and pretends to fight an imaginary "assailant" to cover his mistakes; he makes up a false description of the suspect to MI7 head Pegasus. English and his assistant Angus Bough discover the jewels were removed via a hole dug beneath their display case. Following the tunnel, they confront the German thieves Dieter Klein and Klaus Vendetta, who escape in a hearse. After pursuing the wrong hearse, English gatecrashes a funeral. Bough comes to his rescue, pretending English is an escaped mental patient and posing as a doctor from the "Lunatic Response Unit". English connects the thieves to Pascal Sauvage, a French prison entrepreneur who helped restore the jewels. Pegasus finds English's claims absurd and warns English not to involve Sauvage, as he is his personal friend. In the car park, English and Bough are attacked by Vendetta but are unharmed. English again encounters Campbell in a YO! Sushi restaurant, recognising her pink motorcycle. Having seen her at two crime scenes, English's suspicions deepen when her records cannot be found on any government computer. English and Bough parachute into Sauvage's headquarters, but English mistakenly lands on an identical tower, the City Hospital. Reaching the correct building, the two learn that Sauvage, a descendant of Charles Edward Stuart, plans to make himself king, using an impostor to impersonate the Archbishop of Canterbury. Campbell arrives, revealed to be an Interpol agent tracking Sauvage. With evidence of Sauvage's involvement, English crashes a reception hosted by Sauvage but is suspended by Pegasus for his clumsy actions. Sauvage scraps his plan to use the fake Archbishop and instead sends his minions to force Queen Elizabeth II to abdicate by threatening her corgis, causing the entire line of succession to be swept clean for Sauvage to become king. Campbell, now placed in charge of the assignment by Pegasus, visits the depressed English and convinces him to travel with her to Sauvage's French chteau to investigate. Eavesdropping on Sauvage's meeting with internationally renowned criminals, English and Campbell learn he plans to transform all of England into the world's biggest prison. The agents are exposed when English accidentally activates a microphone, and they are taken prisoner. Bough rescues English and Campbell and they race to stop Sauvage's coronation. English crashes the coronation and discovers the Archbishop in attendance is genuine. Undeterred, English orders Bough to play the incriminating DVD, only to find it is footage of himself lip-syncing to ABBA's "Does Your Mother Know" in his underclothes; Sauvage had bugged English's flat. Sneaking away, English swings in to steal St. Edward's Crown from the Archbishop. Sauvage attempts to kill English, who drops the crown. However, English falls from the wire, lands on the throne, and is crowned instead. In his singular act as king, English has Sauvage arrested by the MI7. Sauvage's final fate is not revealed but a presenter mentions that if he is found guilty of high treason, he could be executed. Sauvage would also have asked for it to be used in science, specifically for the causes of schizophrenia. While his fate is not revealed he was most likely executed for his crime of attempting to seize control of the crown, making history as the first person executed on the orders of the crown since the 1950s and restores the Queen to the throne, simply requesting a knighthood as a reward. Sauvage is awaiting trial for high treason, while English and Campbell drive to southern France for a romantic holiday, only for English to accidentally eject her out of his car while leaning in to kiss her. In a mid-credits scene, Lorna lands in a hotel swimming pool, where Bough is vacationing alongside a man identical to the fictitious assailant English described to Pegasus. 