 Manichithrathazhu (1993)44) When a forbidden room in an old bungalow is unbolted, the spirit of a vengeful dancer is unleashed. Renowned Psychiatrist Dr. Sunny Joseph lives in America. He decides to travel to a town in India after he gets a distress call from his friend, who belongs to a very noble and wealthy family, to counsel and treat a female family member, who he suspects is responsible for a variety of incidents. Sunny accepts this assignment not realizing that there is another side to this tale, namely a vengeful spirit, who may not respond to his methods, and he may end up endangering everyone's lives. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Madampalli a palatial mansion is believed to be haunted by spirit of a dancer Nagavelli and no one dares to enter the inside,Nakulan and his wife Ganga come to village and insist on living at the mansion,Sridevi cousin of Nakulan was to marry him but he choose Ganga and she currently lives lonely life.Thou there are objections from Nakulan's uncle Thampi and other family members but Nakulan and Ganga being of modern thinking do not believe it and decide to live there.As soon as they start to live in the mansion strange things start to happen while Ganga also enters the room of Nagavelli which was locked for years.The events taking place in the mansion make everyone believe that Sridevi is behind everything due to her changed behavior.Nakulan then calls his friend Dr Sunny Joseph a Psychiatrist to handle the situation but due to Sunny's lifestyle everyone feels he is a fool. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Husband and wife goes back to their native village, and decide to settle down for a month, in a deserted palace. The wife decides to open up a locked room, which is supposed to be haunted. Things begin to fall apart as unnatural events take place inside the palace, several black magicians and ghost busters are sought for, with no result - suddenly a psychiatrist enters. niknaren It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 