 Cheap Smokes (2000)321) As the lights flicker on a warm August night, amidst vacant Athens' stillness, a modern bohemian flirts with a woman he has just met at a phone booth while strolling around the city's quiet night streets. Nikos, a jobless poet and bohemian pipe-dreamer in his early thirties, seems content with his indolent lifestyle, silently aching to love and be loved. On the other hand, beautiful Sophia, a self-confident fashion stylist in her mid-twenties, thirsts to fulfil her aspirations; nevertheless, she, too, is leading an ordinary life. But, opposites attract, and as the lights flicker on a warm August night, amidst vacant Athens' stillness, Nikos, the knight in a not-so-shining armour, plucks up the courage to approach Sophia: the alluring woman he has just met at a phone booth. Now, over the brief course of the remaining evening, Nikos, who is effortlessly blurring the line between chatting and flirting, will earn Sophia's trust, underlining the necessity of a radical change in her life while strolling around the city's quiet night streets. However, who knows what the first ray of light will bring? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On an August night, in an almost deserted Athens... A young man in his early thirties, (Haralambidis) without a past or a future waiting for something to happen in the heart of a big city, is hanging out in a coffee shop with his friends as they discuss their thoughts, their daydreams, and their romantic dilemmas. A beautiful girl at a telephone booth has a terrible argument with her boyfriend over the phone. An old friend, on the verge of an emotional breakdown, longs for his high school sweetheart and screams her name from his balcony. Two incorrigible middle-aged bachelors masterfully set up the "trap of the century" that will finally get them their girl. The owner of a coffee shop recites poetry. A couple's 11-year-old relationship is ludicrously challenged by the presence of a body-builder. An American challenges Mohammed Ali to a boxing match, as a tribute to the boxer whom he considers to be the ultimate dancer. Two mobsters trained in pressure tactics "annul" themselves through the comedy of an absurd defeat... Actor Renos Haralambidis does double duty as both director and leading man in this loose-limbed comedy.When he spies the beautiful woman at the telephone booth (Anna Maria Papaharalambous) , it looks like he's on his way to another fractured romance, as he follows her, trying to get her attention over the course of the evening, while his friends carry on without him. The story's Ftina Tsigara's supporting cast includes Anna Maria Papaharalambous, Michalis Iatropoulos, and Costas Tsakonas. 