 Son of the Bride (2001)321) A dissatisfied 40-year-old, separated and without time for his own daughter and girlfriend must rethink his life when his father decides to marry his mother, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease, by church. At age 42, Rafael Belvedere is having a crisis. He lives in the shadow of his father, he feels guilty about rarely visiting his aging mother, his ex-wife says he doesn't spend enough time with their daughter and he has yet to make a commitment to his girlfriend. At his lowest point, a minor heart attack reunites him with Juan Carlos, a childhood friend, who helps Rafael to reconstruct his past and look at the present in new ways. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rafael Belvedere (Ricardo Darn) is stressed out, because his cafetera-restaurante is losing money. The economic situation in Argentina is chaotic, and he has problems to get credit, to purchase coffee beans and fizzy drinks... There are less and less costumers each time. Spanish: Rafael Belvedere (Ricardo Darn) est estresadsimo, porque su cafetera-restaurante est perdiendo mucho dinero. La situacin econmica en Argentina es catica, y tiene problemas para conseguir crdito, para comprar grano de caf y bebidas con burbujas; y cada vez tiene menos clientes. His father Nino (Hctor Alterio) wants to celebrate their silver wedding with a second religious ceremony. His wife Norma (Norma Aleandro)suffers from Alzheimer, and sometimes she cannot know who anybody is. Padre Mario (Humberto Serrano), tells Rafa that his parents cannot re-marry if she doesn't say "Yes I do" on her own. The ordeal may become too heavy for Norma, but Nino is determined. Nino and Rafa have several rows concerning this matter. They also argue about the cafetera, because Nino wants to keep it as it always was. Spanish: Su padre, Nino (Hctor Alterio) quiere celebrar sus bodas de oro con una segunda ceremonia religiosa. Su esposa, Norma (Norma Aleando), tiene Alzeimer, y a ratos no sabe quin es nadie. El padre Mario (Humberto Serrano), le dice a Rafa que sus padres no podrn volver a casarse si ella no es capaz de decir "s, quiero" por su propia voluntad. Todo el asunto puede ser demasiado para Norma, pero Nino est seguro de lo que quiere hacer. Nino y Rfa tienes varias discusiones sobre el asunto. Tambin discuten sobre la cafetera, porque NIno quiere conservarla como siempre fue. This is when Rafa has a heart attack. He has a blackout and suddenly wakes up in a strong-lighted room. He tries to get out of hospital as soon as possible, but Naty, his girlfriend, (Natalia Verbeke), tells him that he cannot go on like this for ever and ever. Spanish: Entonces es cuando Rafa tiene un ataque al corazn. Se desmaya y se despierta en una habitacin con una luz muy fuerte. l quiere irse del hopital lo ms pronto posible, pero su novia Naty (Natalia Verbeke), le dice que tiene que madurar y llevar una vida ms estable. Finally, the second wedding takes place. Although Norma seems confused much of the time, when the time to say "yes I do" arrives she is able to look at Nino in the eyes and say it. Spanish: Al final, las bodas de oro tienen lugar. Aunque Norma est perdida la mayor parte del tiempo, cuando lleda la hora de dar el s, ella es capaz de mirar a Nino y decirlo. An offer from a multinational has arrived. They want to purchase-off the cafeteria and make a fast-food restaurant out of it. Rafa feels he can't cope anymore, but he won't sell. The last scene shows a much improved cafetera: he has done it up and the cafetera is working a little better than it used to. Although he won't ever be a rich man, he can make ends meet. Spanish: Una oferta de una multinacional ha llegado. Quieren comprar la cafetera y construir un antro de comida rpida. Rafa siente que no hay otra solucin, pero tampoco le gusta la idea de vender. La ltima escena muestra una cafetera mejorada: la ha redecorado de arriba a abajo y est funcionando bastante mejor de lo que sola. Aunque Rafa nunca ser millonario, por lo menos puede llegar a fin de mes. 