 102 Dalmatians (2000)55) Cruella DeVil gets out of prison and goes after the puppies once more. After a spot of therapy, Cruella De Vil is released from prison a changed woman. Devoted to dogs and good causes, she is delighted that Chloe, her parole officer, has a dalmatian family and connections with a dog charity. But the sound of Big Ben can reverse the treatment so it is only a matter of time before Ms De Vil is back to her incredibly ghastly ways, using her new-found connections with Chloe and friends. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Cruella De Vil has been released from prison and vows to never go near fur again, but the temptation is to hard to resist and tries to make her dream coat once again and her parole officer Chloe Simon is caught in her crosshairs teamed up with fur coat designer Jean Pierre Le Pelt. Cruella will stop at nothing to get the coat she's hell bent on getting. devint-16816 Reformed and recently released from prison after the failed attempt to capture 99 Dalmatians, the rehabilitated and glamorous Cruella De Vil oozes kindness and compassion for the four-legged companions. As fresh as her new name and with a hawk-eyed probation officer keeping an eye on her, "Ella" is without a single doubt cured of her intense fixation on fur; however, it is not before long that Cruella lapses into her old ways with Big Ben's loud chime. Once more, the malevolent fashionista will terrorize London's entire Dalmatian population with the help of the unhinged French furrier, Jean Pierre Le Pelt, who promises to deliver the most extravagant black-and-white fur coat. Will the evil duo get away with their sinister scheme? Nick Riganas Believed to be cured, Cruella De Vil is released from prison and sets out to make a new start in life. Things are going well for Cruella who is busy helping homeless dogs off the street. However, when the clock strikes on Big Ben, things turn bad. The hypnotic cure is reversed and Cruella is back, and this time she is determined to make that spotted coat she always wanted. FilmFanUk It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 