 Smallville (20012011)44) A young Clark Kent struggles to find his place in the world as he learns to harness his alien powers for good and deals with the typical troubles of teenage life in Smallville, Kansas. After a meteor shower bursts from the heavens, raining destruction on the unsuspecting citizens of Smallville, years pass, and the healing process leaves the town's inhabitants with scars and secrets. From the ashes of tragedy, a popular yet awkward teen attempts to decipher the meaning of his life and his clouded past. As he struggles with the transition from boyhood to adulthood, Clark finds that his strength and strange abilities set him uncomfortably apart from his peers. Official DVD summery The numerous miraculous rescues by the local wonder boy Clark Kent (Tom Welling) have aroused suspicions amongst colonials of Smallville, Kansas. Interestingly, the boy has managed to downplay his acts of various heroic egresses in the past. They say he's either too fast or has a penchant for finding trouble. He was found by Martha (Annette O'Toole) and Jonathan Kent (John Schneider) on the day of an infamous meteor shower, and subsequently adopted. Clark's friend Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum), the only heir of LuthorCorp, has been secretly investigating grounds for Clark's outlandish valor. However, on the face of it, Clark just seems to be a normal boy who's slightly more secretive than usual. Abhinav Madaan In October 1989, a huge meteor shower destroyed most of the town of Smallville, Kansas. This event brought Jonathan (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O'Toole) what they always wanted, a son they named Clark. In 2001, their son is becoming a man (Tom Welling). He has two best friends, Pete Ross (Sam Jones III) and Chloe Sullivan (Allison Mack), and a crush on the hottest girl in school, Lana Lang (Kristin Kreuk), not to mention a budding friendship with future nemesis Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum). But his parents have been hiding a secret from him. They found him inside of a spaceship when the meteor shower came. As he begins to develop his powers and discover more abilities that will soon transform him into Superman, Clark begins to take on his mantle as the Man of Steel. Yehudit It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 