 Hello Brother (1999)55) A police officer receives a heart transplant from a murdered man whose ghost then follows him around insisting that he solve and avenge his murder. Hero (Salman Khan) loves Rani (Rani Mukerji), but it's not mutual. Hero is a loyal worker at A-Z, a courier company helmed by baddie Khanna (Shakti Kapoor), who actually distributes drugs around the city, the Tough cop Inspector Vishal (Arbaaz Khan) arrives in the city and starts trailing Hero,, whom he suspects is involved in the racket, but the poor unsuspecting Hero is innocent. So when he stumbles upon the truth, Khanna has him bumped off. At the same time, he manages to shoot Vishal in the heart. A heart transplant takes place and Hero's heart is given to Vishal. Hero's spirit comes back to avenge his death, but only Vishal can see him. Since Hero's heart beats for Rani, it is only natural for Vishal to fall in love with Rani. And fortunately, she falls in love with him. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Happy-go-lucky playboy Hero is employed as delivery man at a company called A-Z. One day while delivering a particular item, he realizes that the package contains drugs; fearing the police, he tells his boss Khanna .While traveling, policeman Vishal notices Hero acting suspiciously and follows him to a dockyard where Vishal is shot at. When he regains consciousness, he's in a hospital being told that his heart was so badly damaged that he needed a transplant; his new heart came from Hero after he was killed. Hero's ghost starts appearing to Vishal, swearing he won't go away until he gets revenge on his murderer Khanna, and the only person who can help him is Vishal. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Hero is in love with Rani, who just thinks of him as a friend .He works for a courier company run by Khanna. Inspector Vishal Sharma is sure that Khanna actually runs a drug business under the cover of courier. When Hero finds out about Khanna's illegal business, he kills him and shoots Vishal in the heart. The only way to save his life by transplanting Hero's heart to him. Hero no turns into a ghost and wants Khanna dead whereas Vishal starts having feelings for Rani. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Police Inspector Vishal has been transferred to Bombay city. He reports to his superior officer, and assigned the Bandra area in Bombay for his duties. He comes across a young man named Hero, who works for A to Z Courier Company. Vishal suspects that Hero is up to no good, and follows him to a warehouse near the docks, where Vishal is shot at and left for dead. When Vishal wakes up he is told that Hero is dead, and his heart has been transplanted in him, and that is only reason he survived. Hero appears to Vishal and guides him to the persons who have been using the courier company as a front for drugs, and also to the person who shot at Vishal, and killed him. But Vishal regards Hero as an irritant and wants to go about the investigation in his own, not knowing that without Hero's help he will be jeopardizing his life, as well as the life of Hero's girlfriend Rani. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 