 Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd (2003)321) Set back in the 80s when Harry met Lloyd in high school where they cross paths with a mean principal and a bunch of other outcasts much like themselves. It's the 1980s, and it's the moment that Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne meet. The two individuals are seen by many as 'special', and become best friends as soon as they meet. Principal Collins and his lover, the lunch lady Ms. Heller, want to make as much money out of scams, and their next idea is to create a special needs class. Ms. Heller is the teacher, and they have assigned Harry and Lloyd to round the special students up. School News Reporter Jessica is suspicious though, and desperately tries to find out the truth, even if it means gaining Harry and Lloyd's help. FilmFanUK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1986, Harry has been home-schooled by his widowed mother and doesn't have a clue about how the outside world works. Lloyd lives at the school he attends because Ray, who might be his father, is the janitor. But Lloyd doesn't get that he doesn't have to catch the bus: he's already at school. If not for that one little detail Harry and Lloyd might never have met. The two immediately become friends and Lloyd explains to Harry what he needs to know about attending a real school. They don't really comprehend that the minute they arrive at school, Turk and the other cool kids are actually bullying them. And then there is Jessica, the cute girl in the tight sweater and the really short skirt. She's really nice but the guys misinterpret her behavior, as she has a boyfriend and really wants something from them. Principal Collins and lunch lady Ms. Heller are having a secret affair, financed by the money they embezzle from the school. And they will really have a chance to clean up: Mr. Moffitt, a successful man who was once a "special needs" student will give $100,000 to any school which develops its own special needs program. Amazingly, except for Harry and Lloyd, this school has no actual special needs students. Every school has them and it should be no problem. But Ms. Heller will teach the class and Harry and Lloyd will recruit the students. They're not too bright and don't quite understand that some of these kids are not "special", such as the football team's mascot who is not really part horse. However, the "special" kids will get out of doing real work, so they quickly agree to be part of the scam. Among the special kids are Carl, Toby, Lewis, and of course Turk. A Chinese exchange student our heroes call Ching Chong must be special too because she has trouble with English. Jessica is suspicious and goes in search of answers about the alleged special needs class. Meanwhile, photos are taken in a fake classroom actually used for computer classes. But the class actually meets in a shed used by Ray. Their big project will be a parade float. Jessica and Harry become friends, and he meets her parents in what turns out to be a hilarious disaster, with Lloyd failing miserably as a Cyrano de Bergerac, while Harry forgets about the chocolate bar in his back pocket and later sits on the hot radiator in Jessica's room. And if that's not enough, Harry has another unfortunate incident with Jessica's father involving mud. So will Jessica find out the truth? Will the villains in this adventure get what's coming to them? 