 Hatya (1988)55) After the passing away of his wife, Sheila, and child, Raja, Sagar takes to drinking as well as singing and dancing at weddings and special occasions. Intoxicated heavily after one such event, he comes across a young male child lying in a garbage can, and takes him home. He subsequently comes to know that the child, who he decides to name Raja, is deaf-mute since birth, and decides to adopt him. Sagar's life will be turned upside down when a wealthy businessman, Kailash Nath, files a police complaint alleging that Raja is his grandson, and Sagar may have abducted and killed Raja's mom. Tortured and held in a cell, Sagar does not know that Raja's life is in danger by killer(s) who believe Raja saw them commit a murder. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) To overcome the grieve of his wife, Sheila and child Raja death; Sagar abuses alcohol to keeps himself intoxicated. His life takes a turn when he is forced to adopt a male child found in a garbage can. He provided the child with a name, Raja and gets to find out that Raja is dumb from birth. A series of incidents takes place - all blaming Sagar for not only abducting the child but is accused of murdering the child's mother, is arrested, tortured and subsequently imprisoned - leaving the stage clear for the real criminals to get rid of the child as they had with his mother as he is a witness in a murder case. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Sagar has taken up to to drinking a lot after the sudden death of his wife and kid.He dances and sings at a restaurant .One day he finds an abandon kid on the road and takes him along and names him Raja.Sagar cant find much from his about his family as he is deaf and dumb.Sagar decides to give up drinking for sake of Raja and takes care of him.What Sagar doesn't know is Raja has seen his mother being killed by Surendra Mohan and his men Ranjit for witnessing a murder and are also behind Raja to kill him. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Sagar a rich loafer, after a night of drinking, finds a boy sleeping in a trash pile. Finding no parents for the child, he takes the boy home and cares for it as his own. Meanwhile he meets Neelam, who loves him and Raja. When he learns that the boy is a deaf-mute, he feels pity and teaches the boy simple words, naming the boy Raja. Later when he learns that the boy's mother has been murdered, the police pin Sagar as the suspect. Can his girlfriend prove his innocence? Omar Sagar lost senses in alcoholic condition he meets a deaf and dumb boy and takes him home. He names him Raja as he does not know his real name. He tries to get information out of him but does not understand anything. Raja's mother has been brutally murdered. Sagar takes Raja out to fairs and adventures and Raja sees the secretary and tries to tell Sagar that he is the one who murdered his mother. Slowly Sagar understands the tale of the story. He meets a girl Neelam and becomes friends. She takes them to her house. Raja sees a picture of Neelam her father and shockingly his mother. Sagar wants to unfold the mystery of Raja's incident. He finds out that Raja's mother has been murdered. As he is looking for clues, he gets arrested. To prove his innocence the boy takes them to his house where there was a happy family. They take a sense dog to find out clues. The dog sniffs the floor outside the house. the men dug it and found a piece of cloth which his mother was wrapped in and buried there. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 