 Arsne Lupin (2004)321) As the daring thief Arsne Lupin (Romain Duris) ransacks the homes of wealthy Parisians, the Police, with a secret weapon in their arsenal, attempt to ferret him out. Follows the adventures of Arsne Lupin, an aristocratic Belle poque gentleman robber who preys on the rich and is kind to the poor. Fate teams him up with the beautiful and mysterious Countess of Cagliostro who is involved in a devious plot to recover the treasure of the kings of France. However, an underground monarchist network is also after the treasure. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As a boy in the 1880s, Arsne is being taught fencing by his father Thophraste Lupin. They live at the Chteau of his mother's family, the Dreux-Soubises. When the police tries to arrest Thophraste for thievery, he flees on horseback. Late at night, he returns to persuade Arsne to help him steal jewelry from his uncle--a collier that once belonged to Marie Antoinette. When the theft is discovered, the uncle makes Arsne and his mother leave the house. On the roadside, they are horrified see a murdered man who wears Thophraste's ring. Fifteen years later, young Arsne is on a cruise ship from Africa to Le Havre, gallantly stealing jewelry from the ladies. Back in France, he visits his dying mother in the hospital. She tells him that his father's murderer has visited her--then she dies. At her funeral, Arsne meets again his cousin Clarisse. She invites him home and spends the night with him. But Arsne doesn't want to stay--he wants to find his father's murderer. He feels that his uncle knows more than he admits, so he follows him to a secret meeting. A group of men around a descendant of the French royal family wants to end the Republic and reinstall monarchy in France. To complete this task, they are searching for a treasure that has been hidden by Marie Antoinette. They need several crosses from abbeys and cathedrals all over France to give them clues. Arsne witnesses Josphine, la comtesse de Cagliostro, being brought in and condemned to death for sabotaging the group and hiding Marie Antoinette's jewelry. Arsne understands that this is the jewelry that he himself had stolen for his father. He saves Josphine and becomes her lover. A member of the group, Beaumagnan, tries to warn Arsne against Josphine, but she in return warns Arsne against Beaumagnan. When Arsne breaks into the Louvre to discover another cross, he finds himself framed with the murder of the night guard. Still he has no idea who is framing him--Beaumagnan, Josphine or someone else? Things culminate at a ball, where Arsne, pretending to be a Russian Prince, dances with Clarisse. A hypnotized Beaumagnan steals another cross. Arsne confronts Josphine, then saves Clarisse from an over-eager suitor. Arsne learns that she is pregnant with his child. Beaumagnan tells him that he is Arsne's father with a remodeled face, and that he killed another to pretend his own death. Horrified by this news, Arsne manages to flee with the cross before the police arrives. When Clarisse visits him at his lab, she tells him that her father's group wants to trade--he can have her if he gives up the three crosses he has managed to collect so far. Josphine disrupts the meeting between Arsne and the group with a bomb. She saves Arsne and kidnaps Clarisse. They free themselves. Back in the lab, one of Arsne's accomplices shows them the body of Clarisse's father, who died in the explosion. They discover that he has a glass eye with the final clue to the treasure. Arsne and Clarisse get married and have their son, Jean. At night, Arsne leaves the house to break into rich people's homes. During one of those nights, Josphine enters his own home, shoots his wife and kidnaps his son. Arsne starts a hollow life of clever thefts, using various disguises and wrong names. In 1913, he has a new woman friend, and they attend a parade honoring Franz Ferdinand, the Austrian crown prince. Suddenly, Arsne sees Josphine with a young man--his son, Jean, grown-up! When he realizes that she has hypnotized Jean to place a bomb in a suitcase, he confronts Jean and makes him give up the suitcase, throwing it into the air. Josphine searches the hysteric crowd, but he has disappeared - all that's left on the sidewalk is a flower--a lupin. 