 Christmas with the Kranks (2004)431) With their daughter, Blair, away, Luther and Nora Krank decide to skip Christmas all together until she decides to come home, causing an uproar when they have to celebrate it at the last minute. Strange as it may sound, Luther and Nora Krank, the neighbourhood's award-winning couple for their cheerful Christmas spirit, have decided to skip this year's annual festivities when their daughter, Blair, departs for Peru after joining the Peace Corps. Now, instead of spending the staggering amount of $6,000 on the holiday season, just like the previous year, they are determined to invest the money on a sun-drenched, ten-day Caribbean cruise, much to the chagrin of their friends and neighbours. However, this is easier said than done, and before long, Luther and Nora, who have turned their backs on Christmas, will face the consequences. And then, as if that weren't enough, Blair and her new fianc announce that they are coming home, utterly unaware that the empty family nest is far from ready for the event. Can the Kranks "generate" Christmas out of nothing in less than a few hours? Nick Riganas When Luther and Nora Krank's daughter, Blair, departs for Peru, they decide to skip Christmas and spend the money on a cruise. Now they must face their neighbors, the neighborhood decorating contest, carolers, and charity collectors. But when their daughter, Blair, calls on Christmas Eve and says she's coming home for Christmas, they must put on a real holiday rush when they have 12 hours to get Christmas set up for Blair and her fiance, Enrique. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For the first time, Luther Krank (Tim Allen) and his wife Nora (Jamie Lee Curtis) are about to celebrate the holidays without their daughter Blair (Julie Gonzalo), who has just left for the Peace Corps in Peru. Luther sees a Caribbean cruise poster in a Chicago travel agency window, and he begins to plan the trip. First he must see how he will pay for the trip, so he comes up with an idea that if they skipped Christmas, they could go. He will save money by not buying a tree, having a party, or putting up decorations. The neighbors think he is crazy and want him to at least put Frosty the Snowman on his roof for the local decoration contest. The battle begins between the Kranks and their neighbors. Then Blair calls and tells her parents that she is flying home for Christmas with her fiance. They have twenty-four hours to put up all the decorations and prepare for the Christmas party. The movie was based on a John Grisham book, 'Skipping Christmas'. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 