 Angelica pecado (2000 )1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Del vila family which owns the Hotel Villa Del vila and a mansion is divided into two camps: those who want to sell the hotel for the value of the land and those who oppose it. When Don Diego Del Avila is going to announce his successor in the hotel administration , his brother-in-law Rodrigo Crdoba, is mysteriously murdered, beginning a bloody struggle of interests in the family. In the midst of this war, Angelica Rodrguez arrives to change the course of things. Angelica is a young farmer who works in the Finca "El Desafo", property recently acquired by Marcelo Crdova Del vila, son of the man killed and Natalia Del vila, sister of Diego. Marcelo, for his part, falls in love with Angelica, but is forced to leave for the capital to formalize his marriage bond with Malena Vallejo, his fiance, daughter of the prosperous businessman Hugo Vallejo, who has always wanted to use the Hotel Villa Del vila . What Marcelo does not know is that his night of love with Angelica has left a mark. She stays with the hope that he will arrange things and will return, but the days pass and Marcelo does not return. She decides to go and look for him, but when she arrives in Caracas, she learns the truth: Marcelo is married. Erasmo Del Avila, Marcelo's cousin, the only son and sure successor of Don Diego, provides support to Angelica when he learns of her situation. In spite of her pregnancy it, Anglica is introduced to high society from where she will fight for Marcelo's love. She then agrees to marry Erasmus, who tells the family members that the child she expects is from him, so that when he dies from the diagnosed tumor they do not take away his wife's rights. After being married, Erasmo aims to achieve the overcoming of Angelica in all areas of his personal formation possible, since Erasmo is aware of how the world is where he will live (discrimination, humiliation and ambition), many losses are approaching To be the wife of Erasmo and future heiress becomes the second main target of the mysterious assassin after Erasmo and for which she must be prepared. 