 Yeh Hai Jalwa (2002)44) Raj Saxena (Salman Khan) goes to London, expecting his long-lost dad (Rishi Kapoor) to warmly greet him, but things do not go as planned. Yeh Hai Jalwa is the story of happy-go-lucky Raju. Street-smart and worldly-wise, Raju's life takes a turn when he finds out he is the illegitimate son of seriously rich, UK-based businessman Rajesh Mittal. Raju of course sets off to London to claim his rightful place in the Mittal family and a happily-married Rajesh Mittal living with his wife Smita and daughter Rinke is rudely confront with an adult illegitimate son. While Raju is busy trying to make a place for himself in his adamant father's heart, he also finds a soulmate in Sonia, the daughter of Mittal's most trusted advisor. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Raju runs a successful business in India and finds that his father Rajesh Murthal is very much alive and among London's top businessmen. Raju travels to London hoping his father will accept him but finds that he has another family with a wife and two children and refuses to accept him. Raju is adamant that his father will accept him someday and thus enters the Mitthal Mansion by pretending he considers Rajesh his idol and wants to be like him by learning from him. But Rajesh and his friend Robin Singh plan different ways to keep him away from the family. alex.mjacko@gmail.com London-based Rajesh Mittal (Rishi Kapoor) of Indian origin receives the award for the best businessman in the world. All is well in his world: his dad Purshotam Mittal (Kader Khan) is happy; his pretty wife Smita (Rati Agnihotri) is satisfied, and so are his two children, Rinke (Rinke Khanna), and Bunty. Rinke is soon to be married to Vicky (Sharad Kapoor). And then along comes Raj Saxena (Salman Khan), disrupting his delicate equilibrium by claiming that he is his son from a previous "indiscretion" in India over 20 years ago. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 