 Satan's Little Helper (2004)321) A naive young boy unknowingly becomes the pawn of a serial killer. During Halloween, theater student Jenna Whooly returns to Bell Island to spend the holiday with her family and her boyfriend Alex Martin, a classmate of hers who was also raised on the island. Her younger brother Douglas "Dougie" Whooly is very attached to Jenna and is fascinated with the video game "Satan's Little Helper," and he becomes jealous with the presence of Alex. He leaves home wearing his costume of Satan's little helper, seeking Satan himself on the streets so he can ask him to kill Alex. Dougie meets a serial killer who, coincidently, is wearing a costume of Satan and decides to help him. He brings the insane murderer home, and Jenna and her mother Merrill Whooly believe that the masked killer is Alex acting like Satan to please Dougie. Later, the boy walks with the maniac along the streets, helping him to terrorize the locals. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This cult B-movie starts with young Dougie Whooly, who is obsessed with discovering the walking embodiment of Satan, driving with his mother Merrill (Amanda Plummer). They ultimately meet up with Dougie's sister Jenna and her new boyfriend Alex. Jenna promises to take Dougie--who is very nave--out trick or treating. However, he becomes extremely jealous when her boyfriend Alex is invited along. On a walkabout to find Satan in the daylight of Halloween, a frustrated Dougie follows a masked figure as he sets up horror props on the front lawns of neighborhood houses. Unbeknownst to Dougie, the props are real corpses. Dougie is convinced this masked figure is Satan, proceeds to befriend him, and takes him back to his house to get rid of Alex. The silent Satan--who never speaks--eventually takes care of Alex, and fools the family into thinking he is Alex in a Halloween costume. Dougie believes that Satan is fun and friendly, and the family is convinced that the masked figure is Alex acting spookily. A killing spree starts around the neighborhood. Satan is welcomed into the family home; he acts playful or perversely when trying to avoid getting caught, which creates dark humor. Ultimately, Alex returns--we only thought he was killed--and the truth unfolds that this masked man is really some kind of serial killer. We then follow more killings, more close calls, and more wacky behavior at a huge Halloween party where Merrill has been taken, a taped-up hostage of the killer. In the end, the masked Satan character switches costumes twice to twist the plot a little, but he catches up with the surviving members of the family. What happens next is the classic, open-ended horror-movie ending. Did the family die? Did they live? Do we care? This movie isn't about a beginning or an end but, instead, the yummy cheesy center. 