 Immortal (2004)Summaries In the distant future, Earth is occupied by ancient gods and genetically altered humans. When a god is sentenced to death he seeks a new human host and a woman to bear his child. In New York City, in late 21 century, genetically altered humans live side by side with unaltered men and women, and Central Park has been mysteriously encased in an "intrusion zone" where people who attempt to enter are instantly killed. A strange pyramid has appeared over the city; inside, the gods of ancient Egypt have judged Horus, one of their fellow gods, to cease his immortality. In the city below, Jill, a young woman with blue hair, is arrested. She is not completely human; her tissues appear to be no more than a few months old according to an examining physician, although her physical form is already that of an adult. She also possesses a number of secret powers, including one that enables her to procreate with gods, though she knows nothing of this. Horus is given a limited time to interact with the humans of New York and procreate. During his search for a host body, Horus encounters Nikopol, a rebel condemned to thirty years of hibernation who, due to a mechanical accident, escapes his prison one year early. Horus has been unsuccessful in attempting to take over the bodies of other humans; due to an incompatibility with the genetic alterations humans have undergone, the host bodies self-destruct while attempting to accommodate a god. Nikopol's body is acceptable as it has been frozen in prison/storage and not undergone the genetic changes causing the rejections. Horus takes partial control of Nikopol's body and starts looking for a woman he can mate with to provide him a son before his death sentence is carried out. When Horus/Nikopol discovers Jill, they become entangled in a web of murder and intrigue. Vanhel Singh This movie is set in the year 2095, hence the presence of mutant humans and extraterrestrials. The main character is known as Jill. She is not human. When she is discovered by Dr. Elma Turner she is found to be the most interesting genetic test subject Turner has ever come across. Her organs are not in the right place, she has no memory and her internal biological age appears to be only three months old. Turner gives her a break, giving her an identity card and a place to stay, in exchange for Jill being her guinea-pig to work on and discover more about. Nicopol is a frozen prisoner who is due to be released a year after the film is set. There is a problem in the frozen prisoners' ward and several are thrown down to the ground (dying in the process), including Nicopol, but he lives and only loses a leg. There is a lot more to this story but I can't disclose it in this summary; I don't have the words. kwedgwood@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 