 Aan: Men at Work (2004)55) DCP Patnaik and his team's fights against corrupted politicians and mafia rule Mumbai city. However their faith in law and order is tested with serious outcomes. Crime is at its highest peak in Mumbai with it split in three ways. Walia has one-third, Manik Rao has one-third and Roshni has a third of the Mumbai territory. The crime rate rises with more smuggling, trading and illegal activities soaring. Meanwhile, the CBI work constantly to stop this. Inspector Vikram is a failure of a police in life and tends to stick with the easy way. Appa is an encounter specialist who goes after the henchmen instead of the bosses, he has a wife Janki with whom they have a son. Const. Khaled is a happy-go-lucky cop. The three men's and the whole Crime branch's fate changes with the arrival of their new boss. DCP Hari arrives and realizes that the CBI are not serious and that the rules, regulations, and the very reason for joining the police force, have been thrown to the wind. With his girlfriend Kiran whom he'd promise he would marry on his mind, he does not first like the promotion to DCP and transfer to Mumbai, but later accepts it. He soon watches the brutality of the police (especially Appa) to the henchmen and orders them to be released. But during an encounter the henchmen kill Khaled, this awakens the fire trapped within Vikram. He decides to join Hari and help him clear the city starting with Yusuf Pathan. Appa soon joins them and soon headaches arises for Walia and his gang. During the climax Appa dies in a dramatic trap. Vikram and Hari get Walia, Manik,Hirachand and Roshni arrested and convicted for their crimes and then Mumbai is clean once again. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Crime and corruptions take its toll on Mumbai, India; with politicians, Influential businessmen and gangsters putting pressure on the crime branch police officers headed by DCP Hari Om Patnaik and his crew consisting of senior inspector Vikram Singh, Sub-inspector Appa Kadam Naik and Havaldar Khaled Ansari. The only problem is the police are unable to incarcerate anyone as there are insufficient evidences. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) DCP Hari Om Patnaik is assigned to a police station, and is shocked to find that rules, and regulations, and the very reason for joining the police force, have been thrown to the wind. His colleagues, Inspector Vikram singh, Appa Kadam Naik, and Havaldar Khaled Ansari, have accepted the easy way of life which is to leave the big-wigs alone, but go after their henchmen, and arrange "encounters" with them, as well as take and split bribes (haftas) to augment their meagre earnings. Hari Om attempts to change this, and ends up having Havaldar Khaled killed at the hands of henchmen, who he himself had ordered to be released. Now he must content with the rest of the staff at the police station, his seniors, the general public, as well as the criminal dons, who can now carry now, while the police fight their very own politics. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Honest, diligent and brave DCP Hari Om Patnaik has to bring to charge some dangerous criminals, however to this extent he is successful in doing so and is promoted to Bombay's crime branch where senior police inspector Vikram Singh and his crew which includes Inspector Appa Kadam Naik, head constable Khaled Ansari among others has control. On arrival he finds that these cops are not discharging there duties properly and attempts to bring them to justice. It takes the help of Vikram Singh along with the help of the entire police department to bring some of Bombay's big criminal wings to justice. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 