 Jism (2003)44) When an unemployed man falls for a wealthy woman and he is willing to do whatever he must to get her away from her abusive husband. Kabir Lal is an alcoholic lawyer whose life is looking as if going down the drain. One morning he sees a stunningly attractive woman on a beach and is instantly enamored by her. By chance he sees her again in a restaurant and offers to buy her a drink. In the process he learns that her name is Sonia and she is married. Unable to resist, he asks her whether she would show him her home. It marks the beginning of a passionate affair, during which Kabir is told that Sonia's husband neglects her. But Sonia cannot leave him because she cannot support herself without her husband's money. Sonia suggests murder and Kabir, blind with lust, agrees. They manage to kill Sonia's husband and make it look like an accident, but then Kabir gets to see Sonia's other side: she no longer is the passionate lover as before, but is a cool-headed mean woman now who won't let go of her wealth at any cost. Soumitra Kabir Lal is an alcoholic lawyer. One day, Kabir meets Sonia Khanna, the wife of a traveling millionaire. They embark on an affair, which leads Sonia to convince Kabir to murder her husband, Rohit Khanna. Kabir soon finds out that Sonia's motivation for the killing was to get her hands on her husband's money and property, not to run away with Kabir. The movie ends tragically. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Unemployed and idle Kabir Lal sees a beautiful lady, Sonia Kapoor and falls for her instantly. She ignores his attentions. They meet again, and she tells him that she is married, and apparently being abused and neglected by her wealthy spouse, who she cannot divorce as he is rich and wealthy, and she cannot survive on her own. She encourages Kabir to meet with her, and subsequently convinces him that they can only be together after he kills her husband. Consumed with passion and lust for Sonia, Kabir agrees to do this, not knowing that Sonia has other plans up her sleeve, not only for him, but for her spouse, and a mysterious stranger, who is unknown to Kabir. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 