 Nanny McPhee (2005)55) A governess uses magic to rein in the behavior of seven ne'er-do-well children in her charge. 1860s Victorian England. Sadly, the widowed undertaker, Cedric Brown, has a lot on his plate. As the desperate father works his fingers to the bone to provide for his seven unruly children, in the meantime, they have managed to drive out not one but seventeen nannies with their elaborate practical jokes and bad behaviour. Then, on a stormy night, the hideous government nanny extraordinaire, Nanny McPhee, sets foot in Cedric's household, bent on transforming the children's manners and the house. Will a dash of magic do the trick? Nick Riganas In this dark and witty fable, Dame Emma Thompson portrays a person of unsettling appearance and magical powers who enters the household of recently widowed Mr. Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) and attempts to tame his seven exceedingly ill-behaved children. The children have managed to drive away seventeen previous nannies, but as Nanny McPhee (Thompson) takes control, they begin to notice that their vile behavior now leads swiftly and magically to rather startling consequences. Daniel Cudley Mr. Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) is a sad and nostalgic widower, owner of an undertaker's business, who doesn't know how to manage the unsustainable situation with his undisciplined children. Every nanny (seventeen exactly) have run away from them. Simon (Thomas Brodie-Sangster), the oldest brother, is the head behind the pranks and he doesn't have a very good relationship with his father. But the solution will be Nanny McPhee (Dame Emma Thompson), a magic nanny who literally falls from heaven to discipline the children and teach them some lessons. Alejandro Frias Based on the "Nurse Matilda" books by Christianna Brand comes the story of Nanny McPhee (Dame Emma Thompson). Mr. Cedric Brown (Colin Firth) is now a widower with seven ill-behaved children who've already chased away seventeen nannies. But when a mysterious voice tells Cedric to hire Nanny McPhee, she arrives at the Brown home and the kids learn to behave properly. But when great Aunt Adelaide (Dame Angela Lansbury) tells Cedric he must be married by the end of the month or she'll separate the children, he tries to find women, but the children run them off, and Nanny McPhee tells Simon, the eldest, that he will face the consequences, so the kids go to Selma quickly and admit what they did and ask to give their father a second chance and they will be married. Will the kids really find the perfect woman for their father? Max Davison <RockyHexorcist2785> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 