 Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge (2002)44) An amnesiac Hindu man remembers his past as a Muslim sharpshooter and an assassin. Ali, his younger brother, Azaan alias Munna, his girlfriend, Mehak and childhood friend, Inder Saxena hangs out. Ali and Inder are marks-man target shooters who never misses their aim which over the years yield them many medals. This also makes them popular among the people of Mumbai city so much that they are approach by the police Commissioner, M.K. Sharma, to carry out shoot at sight missions for all underworld dons with a fee of R.S.25,000 but they refuses - only to change their mind when an acquaintance, Rahim Chacha is murdered. When the Chief Minister is shot and killed; the police turn their suspension towards Ali where-by he is shot. Fortunately; luck favors him when a couple from Rajgardh, Kunal Singh Thakur and his wife, Geeta rescues and bring him back to consciousness albeit with memory loss. However, he manages to regain his memory when he meets someone from his past and must now go about a quest to find out how he was involve in the killing of the Chief Minister. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Vir, a young man from a rural village, learns on his wedding day that the people whom he thought were his parents arn't. After an attempt is made on his life by unknown gunmen, whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had, he learns that all of his dreams of a past life are real and that for the past three years he was raised by the couple after finding him in a river, half-dead with five bullet wounds in him. The search takes Vir to Bombay where he soon regains his memory and finds his real name to be a Muslim game marksman named Ali and is targed by criminal bigwigs and corrupt government officials whom he used to work for and betrayed him after hiring him to assasinate various underworld criminals and then framed him for the murder of an innocent chief minister. Anonymous Veer Thakur is an eligible young bachelor living in a small community with his parents, Thakur Kunal Singh, and mom Thakurain Geeta. He is in love with a local belle, Muskaan, and both hope to marry soon. On several occasions Veer has had hallucinations, for which he has no satisfactory explanation, nor is anyone in the community able to come up with any explanation. Before getting married, Veer must know what the matter is with him, whether he is hallucinating; whether these are events from a past life; does he have a twin brother; or has the past come back to haunt him. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 