 Loha (1987)Summaries Honest and diligent Police Inspector Amar lives a middle-classed lifestyle in Bombay. In his attempt to arrest bandit Sher Singh, he and Inspector Dayal are attacked, Amar survives, but Dayal gets his legs crushed under a truck and becomes wheelchair-bound. Subsequently, Amar arrests local politician, Jagannath Prasad, who not only gets released without getting charged but Amar gets reprimanded, and decides to resign. Shortly thereafter, Sher Singh hijacks a bus and holds the passengers in exchange for 25 of his jailed associates. Dayal's granddaughter, Seema, is amongst them, and Dayal asks Amar for assistance. Amar, along with ex-convict, Qasim Ali, and Karan, a drug-dealer, does manage to rescue them but differences crop up between the trio and they part ways. Then Amar finds out that Qasim and Karan have masterminded a plan to facilitate the escape of the 25 convicts, and decides to confront them. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) An honest police inspector, Amar attempts to seek out the dreaded bandit, Shera but has been unable to do so. When Amar finds out that Shera has abducted a bus load of passengers which include the granddaughter of retired commissioner of police, Mr. Dayal, he recruits two convicts, Karan and Qasim Ali to get even with Shera. But problems begins to crop up between the three especially when Qasim's young son gets kidnap by Shera and he is asked to free 25 of Shera's convicts from jail. It certainly looks like Amar won't able to get his hands on Shera since the three have now part ways and the bus load of passengers lives might left hanging on the balance. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Inspector Amar and Dayal get into a tiff with Dacoit Sher Singh where Amar manages to survive while Dayal looses his legs.Amar later resigns from the police force when a politician Jagganath is set free without any charges whom he arrested .Sher Singh later kidnaps a bus an in return wants the government to release his 25 convict prisoners which also has granddaughter of Dayal who asks help from Amar.Amar then goes for a mission with Qasim Ali and Karan.But the trio will have to face hardships in releasing the convicts as well as getting them to Sher Singh. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 