 Andaaz (2003)Summaries Loyalty, Respect, commitment and love. What is Love? Loyalty, respect, commitment and friendship. Friendship and Love... Love and Friendship... So much in common, yet so different in emotion! Young Raj Malhotra lives with his elder brother, Rohit; his bhabi, Kiran, and a niece. After an accident fractures his leg, he is unable to walk for some time. Due to psychological reasons, he cannot walk even after the fracture heals. When the Malhotras move to Dehra Dun, Raj befriends young Kajal, as both share a common passion for airplanes. Kajal encourages Raj to walk, and succeeds. Years later the two continue to be fast friends, and everyone expects them to marry soon. Then Raj is recruited by the Indian Air Force and goes for training for a year and a half. After his training gets over, he rushes to Kajal to propose to her, only to find out that she has given her heart to multimillionaire, Karan Singhania, who owns several airplanes and choppers. Raj congratulates Kajal and Karan, but does not reveal his true feelings. Thereafter the Malhotras move to Nainital, and Raj relocates to Europe for more training. It is here that he meets gorgeous and fun-loving, Jiya, who falls in love with him, and will do anything to marry him. She even re-locates to India, and lives with the Malhotras. Raj finally gives in to Jiya's persistence and agrees to marry her. A delighted Jiya takes Raj to introduce him to her parents, and this is where Raj will find out that her parents are none other than the Singhanias - the same family that Kajal had married into, and that Jiya is Karan's sister. A stunned Raj also finds out that Karan has passed away in a helicopter accident, leaving Kajal a mental wreck. Raj nurses Kajal back to normalcy, and rekindles his love for her. This does not go unnoticed by Jiya, and she forces Kajal to consent to getting married to her friend, Monty, so that she can have Raj for herself. The question remains will Raj give up his love for Kajal and marry Jiya, or will he end up breaking Jiya's heart and not marrying either one of them? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 