 Mr. and Mrs. Iyer (2002)44) During a bus journey, a devout Hindu Brahmin woman protects a Muslim man when communal rioting breaks out. Meenakshi Iyer comes from a devout Hindu Brahmin family, purely vegetarian, who not only abstain from meat, but also food from restaurants, is the only child, married to Subramaniam Iyer from Tamil Nadu, has just given birth to a young son, Santhanam, and is visiting her mom. It is then they receive news that her mother-in-law is ill and wants Meenakshi back home in Calcutta. The parents arrange to drop her and her son off at the bus-stand, where they are introduced to a young photographer named Raja Chowdhury. Meenakshi's parents ask Raja to look after her, to which he agrees. The bus starts off, taking it's passengers through scenic hillside. The bus driver comes across a sign that the regular road is closed and he decides to take another route. After a few hours the bus comes to a stop as there is a line-up of vehicles ahead. The passengers are told that there has been a terrorist attack on a train resulting in the death of about 200 people. The region, predominately Hindu, believe that the attack was carried out by Muslims and there is retaliation by Hindu extremists. Curfew has to be imposed by the police to prevent further riots and casualties. It is then that a Police Jeep containing Police Officer Raj Arora drives by, asking all passengers to board their respective vehicles, as the area is under curfew. The passengers comply, shut the door, and wait for the traffic to clear. It is now dark and the silence is broken by men with fire-lit torches asking the driver to open the door of the bus, which he does. A group of extremists ask the passengers to identify themselves, and prove to them that they are Hindus, some have to take their pants off. Meenakshi identifies Raja as her husband, Mani. A Jew loudly claims that there are only two Muslims and points to Iqbal Ahmed Khan and his wife Najma. Iqbal is taken off the bus, a visibly upset Najma follows him, and they are killed. It is then the truth unfolds that Raja is not the young man's name but he is Jehangir - a Muslim. An upset Meenakshi must now come to terms with her Brahmin background, which prevents her from coming into contact, drinking water, sharing food, with even a non-Brahmin, leave alone a Muslim, especially now that she has identified him as her "husband" to protect him from being killed. The question remains will this "marriage" last or will Jehangir be discovered before they reach Calcutta. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) during there date, they move to United Kingdom and live at London. They live in London for 4 years there. then move to Canada and stay there at Moncton for 2 years, then USA. They mostly live in USA at Bridgeport, Connecticut and gets a child there. They live there for there rest of there lives. Aarish Ghosh A bus is setting out to Calcutta from a village in West Bengal. Meenakshi Iyer, who is from a strict orthodox Hindu background, is leaving to Chennai for her husband, with her young child, after the vacation with her parents. By chance, she gets a co-passenger who is also to Chennai, Rajah, a photographer, introduced by one of the friends of her father. During the journey they build a good relationship. But a Hindu-Muslim communal riot sets out in the meantime, in some areas they had to travel. Then she comes to face the fact that Rajah is not a Hindu but a Muslim whose real name is Jehangir. Even though she curses herself at that time while some Hindu fanatics evade their bus she saves him introducing as Mr. Iyer. But they have to reach their destination while the other passengers know Rajah as no one else but Mr. Iyer. Jayanthan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 