 The Science of Sleep (2006)Summaries A man entranced by his dreams and imagination is love-struck with a French woman and feels he can show her his world. Following the death of his father from cancer, Stphane - Mexican on his father's side, French on his mother's side - agrees, despite his less than proficient use of the French language, on his mother's request to move back to France from Mexico, she not only letting him live in her apartment in his old bedroom in the building she owns while she stays with her current boyfriend Grard, a magician, but she having found him a job using his graphic art skills at a calendar shop. The job ends up not being quite as she had made it out to be - it more a dead end menial job - but Stphane is still able to eke out a friendship of sorts with his new coworkers, especially Guy, the senior employee, a bully of a man-child who obsesses about sex and who becomes Stphane's confidante. Concurrently, Stphane strikes a friendship with his neighbor, Stphanie, and her friend, Zo, Stphane and their friendship stemming out of some mistruths, including the two artistically inclined women not divulging they, like him, lead dead end nine-to-five jobs, and Stphane also not divulging that he is actually Stphanie's neighbor and the son of her landlady which allows him to spy on Stphanie's apartment without notice. While Stphane is romantically interested in Zo, he believes Stphanie in turn is interested in him. Regardless, Stphane forms a special bond with Stphanie, their similar names only one of the many factors which may indicate that the cosmos meant for them to have this bond. Despite what Stphanie may feel for Stphane in return, their friendship/relationship will be affected by Stphane often not being able to differentiate between reality and what are, to him, his very vivid dreams. Huggo Following the death of his father in Mexico, Stphane Miroux, a shy insecure young man, agrees to come to Paris to draw closer to his widowed mother Christine. He lands a boring job at a calendar-making firm and falls in love with his charming neighbor Stphanie. But conquering her is no bed of roses for the young man and the only solution he finds to put up with the difficulties he is going through is escape into a dream world... Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 