 Bringing Down the House (2003)55) When a lonely guy meets a woman on the internet who happens to be in prison, she breaks out to get him to prove her innocence, and proceeds to wreak havoc on his middle-class life. Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) is a divorced, straight-laced, uptight attorney who still loves his ex-wife and can't figure out what he did wrong to make her leave him. However, Peter's trying to move on, and he's smitten with a brainy, bombshell lawyer with whom he's been chatting on-line. However, when she comes to his house for their first face-to-face, she isn't refined, isn't Ivy League, and isn't even a lawyer. Instead, it's Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah), a prison escapee who's proclaiming her innocence and wants Peter to help her clear her name. But Peter wants nothing to do with her, prompting the loud and shocking Charlene to turn Peter's perfectly ordered life upside down, jeopardizing his effort to get back with his wife, and win a billion-dollar client. Sujit R. Varma Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) is an ordinary lawyer who has an on-line buddy named "Lawyer-Girl". But when Peter finally meets Lawyer-Girl, she turns out to be Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah), a convict who was arrested for armed robbery, and she needs his help because she claims she didn't do it. In the meantime, Peter is meeting his new rich client, Virginia Arness (Dame Joan Plowright), on whom he tries hard not to make a bad impression, deal with his neighbor/boss' sister, go through a divorce, and handle two kids, along with the fact that Peter's best friend Howie Rottman (Eugene Levy) has fallen in love with Charlene. <MikeAce9@aol.com> Tax attorney Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) meets a woman on-line by the name of Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah). He expects to meet a blonde haired, blue eyed attorney. What he gets is an African-American woman on the lam from prison. Charlene comes to Peter to ask his help in trying to find out who was responsible for framing her for armed robbery. In the meantime, she turns his life upside down by introducing him to a side of himself that is much different from the uptight WASP he is. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> Peter Sanderson (Steve Martin) is a lawyer who is too wrapped up in his work for his family, and thus is estranged from his wife, takes up with a woman on a computer chat line that he thinks is a blonde attorney. Instead, she turns out to be escaped con Charlene Morton (Queen Latifah), who claims to be innocent. Through a chain of threats, she coerces Peter into helping prove her innocence. In doing so, she also helps him rediscover his own life. His lawyer friend Howie Rottman (Eugene Levy) becomes infatuated with Charlene. There's also uptight heiress Virginia Arness (Dame Joan Plowright) with a bulldog named William Shakespeare, who is being pursued as a client by Peter's law office. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 