 Click (2006)541) A workaholic architect finds a universal remote that allows him to fast-forward and rewind to different parts of his life. Complications arise when the remote starts to overrule his choices. Michael Newman (Sandler) is a hard working family man, who must please his boss (Hasselhoff), in order to get promoted. Problem is he gets less time with his family, and wishes for a remote in which he can control his life. This soon comes true for Newman, when he meets Morty (Walken), a crazy sales clerk, who has the ultimate remote. A remote in which he can do anything, including muting, skipping and dubbing his life. He finds this to be the opportunity in which he can not only skip every argument, but also skip to his promotion. He sees this as a good idea, until the remote goes horribly wrong. Film_Fan Spending less and less quality time with his loving wife, Donna, and their two children, Ben and Samantha, the overworked architect, Michael Newman, finds himself with his back to the wall. Unable to satisfy his ungrateful and hard-to-please boss, Michael is dreaming of taking control of his hectic life, and what better way to do that than to get his hands on a magical, one-of-a-kind universal remote? Now, after a chance encounter with the eccentric technician, Morty, the fatigued father can finally have complete control not only over his television and Hi-Fi system but also his entire life. However, even though this remarkable device allows Michael to fast-forward through unwanted experiences, rewind, or freeze-frame the fascinating chapters of his life, somehow, cutting corners comes at a price. Can Newman learn how to cherish the simple moments in life, before it's too late? Nick Riganas Michael Newman is a loving father and husband, but he's got an office and a career he sees more often than his own family. To only make matters worse is a boss who takes everything for granted, including advantage of Michael by dangling a promotion in front of his face. But when one late night trip to a Bed, Bath and Beyond store for a new remote control, Michael finds himself in the possession of a new kind of remote control, developed by an eccentric inventor. A remote control so significant that it allows Michael to be able to fast forward, rewind, pause and practically control all the events in his life. So much to an extent that it becomes a luxury for the overworked man who finally gets some quality time with his family and his life. But not everything lasts forever as Michael is about to find out, when the remote control begins to malfunction, causing Michael to deal with the consequences. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is the story of a man who realizes, with the help and guidance of an angel, and the use of a magical remote, that love is the most important thing in life. Love for his woman, love for his family. And once he loses the chance to give it to them, the time clock of life finally runs out for him. He can never go back and undo the missed opportunities.....................or can he? 