 The Other Side (I) (2006)Summaries Samuel North (Nathan Mobley) escapes from Hell to find the person who murdered him, but a team of invincible bounty hunters called REAPERS are sent from the Netherworld to bring him back. On the night Samuel North is to reunite with the girl he loves: Hanna Thompson, he is mysteriously murdered and sent to Hell. Inside "the Pit", two other damned souls on the run help Samuel escape back to the world of the living. Now there's Hell to pay: the Netherworld has sent three invincible bounty hunters called REAPERS to hunt down and retrieve each of the escaped men. Setting out to uncover the mystery of his death and Hanna's disappearance, Samuel finds unlikely allies in his gun-toting fellow escapees Mally and Oz -- who hope that by helping Samuel find Hanna, they can redeem themselves and be free of the Pit forever. Anonymous After his graduation in Business from Columbia, Samuel North returns to his hometown in Athens County to meet his beloved fiance Hanna Thompson. Sam calls Hanna, who work as waitress at the Montana's and he schedules the encounter "in their place" nearby a waterfall. Hanna never arrives and Sam is killed by the driver of a van and sent to Hell. However, there is a breach and many lost souls escape from the Pit including Sam back to the world of the living. While they are chased by the hunters from the hell called Reapers, who can switch bodies when they are killed and are called Switchers and leaded by the powerful Changeling, Sam finds that Hanna is missing and he is the prime suspect. Sam is helped by the former thief Oz and the former adulterer Mally from the other side that believe they can find redemption helping Sam, and by his friend and policeman Peter and discovers the identity and the motives of the assassin. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 