 Khakee (2004)761) A team of police force escorts an alleged terrorist from Chandangarh to Mumbai. However their trip turns into a deadly survival when an ex-cop tries to stop them to reach Mumbai. DCP Anant Shrivastav (Amitabh Bachchan) has been assigned the mission to escort terrorist Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni) from Chandangarh to Mumbai. His terrorist organization are determined to obtain him again. The plan for this is led by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan), a ruthless killer and a former police officer. Anant's team consists of Inspector Shekhar Sachdev (Akshay Kumar), rookie cop Ashwin Gupte (Tusshar Kapoor) and two more inspectors. Soon Mahalakshmi (Aishwarya Rai) joins them as she is the only witness to have seen Yashwant. The team are armed and ready to go but danger lurks everywhere as the terrorist organization are determined to make sure the officers do not make it to Mumbai. The trip turns into survival when the team are attacked at various times. Finally the team make it to an abandoned cottage in the forest but there is a shoot out and the team are heavily outnumbered. Shekhar tries to force an exchange but against Anant's and Ashwin's judgement. Finally Ansari, after weeks of frustration, reveals that the terrorists are also out to kill him. He reveals a corrupt world involving the police and politicians. The officers soon realize the enemy they have been fighting is closer to them...In the end, Shekhar is killed by Mahalakshmi and her associate Angre. This killing spites anger into Anant and he hunts down each one of the corrupt officers and in the end, captures Angre after a fight during which, Despite Anant needing his medication often, he wins, and Angre is successfully captured. The movie ends as Angre is tried and sentenced to prison, and is being carried to his sentence; when he decides to flee, as a nut is lose in the bar to which he is handcuffed in the police van. Angre has Ashwin on gun point using a constable's rifle, when Ashwin reveals that Angre's lose nut was a setup to allow the killing of Angre, and that the bullets of the rifle had been emptied. Ashwin then shoots Angre, and reports his death as murder in an encounter. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com DCP Anant Shrivastava is assigned to get a terrorist Ansari from Chandangarh to Mumbai who was responsible for rights in that region.He appoints his special team constable's Sawant and,Mahtre,A young and honest Cop Ashwin and the corrupt , womanizer Cop Shekar.Upon reaching the place a women name Mahalakshmi informs them about some terrorist activities in that region.Mahalakshmi wants to reach Mumbai so the team takes her along for her safety in the vehicle transporting Ansari.Anant notices that their moves are frequently monitored and finds that a former corrupt cop Angre is behind it whom Anant had suspended and now is given task of killing Ansari.Anant bound by his duty wants to save him but Shekar feels he is risking everyone's life by doing this and has tiff with him.Ansari then reveals the truth that he isn't a terrorist but a doctor who helped needy during Chandangarh riots and found evidence of a minister related to those riots so was framed as terrorist and same minister has made all of them a scapegoat in his plan by hiring Angre to kill them. alex.mjacko@gmail.com On the last leg of his career, DCP Ananth Srivastava is assigned to escort apprehended terrorist Dr. Iqbal Ansari from Chandangarh to Mumbai to face trial, post which Ananth can retire with a promotion to Additional Commissioner. His team comprises of the greedy Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma, newly joined idealist Sub-Inspector Ashwin Gupte and Constables Sawant and Mhatre. Once in Chandangarh, the team links up with Mahalaxmi, a woman who can identify members of Ansari's suspected syndicate. However, Ananth and his team barely escape booby traps set to eliminate them. It's on the return journey to Mumbai that Ananth realises the enemy is someone who anticipates his team's every move and will stop at nothing in order to get to Ansari, with more shocking revelations in the fray, which would test not only the team's fighting abilities, but their faith in the Law and Police system as a whole. ankit-singh92 DCP Anant Shrivastav, along with his team Shekhar Sachdev and Ashwin Gupte, have been assigned to escort dangerous terrorist and ISI agent Iqbal Ansari from Chandigarh to Mumbai. But there is an unseen enemy who does not want this group to reach Mumbai. annonymous It started as a routine mission to escort hardened terrorist and ISI agent Iqbal Ansari from Chandanghad to Mumbai. It ended as a nightmare. The first escort team of police officers was ambushed midway, blown to bits. But a brave officer managed to ensure that Ansari did not escape. Now another team was being sent to do this job from Mumbai. DCP Anant Shrivastav "The Professor". A Police officer in the winter of his career, a failure in the establishment's eyes and more important, in his own. Now on the eve of his daughter's wedding, Shrivastav was being given this crucial assignment. This was his one last chance to do something. Make a difference. Sr. Inspector Shekhar Sachdev. Street-smart, brave, but rotten to the core. He didn't want part of any suicide mission, but he had no choice. Forced on the mission, he made his own agenda. Sub Inspector Ashwin Gupte. A young middle class rookie office on his first serious assignment, full of ambitions, hopes, values, good intentions. He was going to find out the hard way that there was a massive difference between training school and the ground reality of the harsh, corrupt and violent world out there. Three officers accompanied by two constables, now given the charge of escorting a dreaded terrorist, and a crucial witness in the case against him, from Chandanghad to Mumbai. A group of men all fighting their own demons who were going to confront some very, very real ones. Because someone out there didn't want them to get to Mumbai. A nameless, faceless enemy who lurked in the shadows, who was always one step ahead of them. An enemy who would do all he could to stop them. Whatever it took. A three day assignment would become a never-ending nightmare. An overnight journey would become a journey into a dark world of brutality, corruption, conspiracies and terror, a journey into fear. Where nothing was as it seemed, everyone was for sale and no one could be trusted. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Khakee is the story of ACP Anant Kumar (Amitabh Bachchan). Anant is soon placed on a deadly mission to escort terrorist suspect Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni) to Mumbai where the latter will be tried in court. Joining Anant is Inspector Shekhar Verma (Akshay Kumar) and Sub-inspector Ashwin Gupte (Tushaar Kapoor). On the other hand, the team are being followed by a group of terrorists lead by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan) who will stop at nothing to ensure Ansari is dead. 