 That '80s Show (2002)Summaries That '80s Show is a half-hour ensemble comedy focusing on a group of twenty-somethings finding their way through the '80s in San Diego. The date is 1984. The location is San Diego, just one hour outside of the big dream we call Los Angeles. Corey and Katie live with their Dad RT and Corey's friend Roger. Corey is a creative soul who is trying to make it in the music world in a decade that only appreciates financial success. Although his father, RT, is a successful professional who is about to strike gold with his Gut Whacker and ride the '80s fitness marketing craze wave, Corey finds it difficult to get in the game. On the other hand, Corey's friend Roger idolizes Ronald Reagan and listens to motivation tapes while trying to find his way into corporate America. The household is rounded out by Corey's younger sister Katie, a chip off the old block whose sweetness and naivet make her the perfect go between for her father and brother. At Club Piranha, a local gathering place, Sophia is in control. Sophia, Corey's ex, is a beautiful, "grab all that I can" kind of girl who doesn't like to limit her choices. Sophia breaks up with Corey to explore other avenues and relationships... all types of relationships. Corey's one safe haven is Permanent Record, the music store where he works for Margaret, a woman who lived through the summer of love and emerged with quite a few stories (and a rash). But things change for Corey when he's forced to deal with the new girl, Tuesday, a punk rocker who sports a mohawk and attitude to match. Ben Thede A group of 20-something year olds experience life in the '80s. Each experience their own adventures, Corey a philosophy graduate who works in a record shop. Katie, Corey's sister, dropped out of college and hides it from her father, R.T. Roger who works at a car dealership, and idolizes the working America. And June Tuesday who lives in her car and finds romance with Corey. Nick It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 