 D.E.B.S. (2003)321) A quartet of girls from a prep high school are recruited by a secret paramilitary academy to conduct cloak-and-dagger missions. There is a secret test hidden with in the SAT. This test does not measure a persons aptitude at reading writing or arithmetic. It measures a students ability to LIE, CHEAT, FIGHT and KILL. Those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy. Some call them seductresses. Some call them spies. Fools call them innocent. They call themselves D.E.B.S. Centering on four of the girls, plane-Jane Amy; tough-as-nails Max; French exchange student Dominique; and insecure Janet; whom face off against a ruthless villain, Lucy in the Sky, whom abducts their the D.E.B.S. squad captain, Amy, and tries to bring her over to the bad side by seducing her. JB Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A narrator explains that there is a test hidden in the SAT's which measures an applicant's ability to fight, cheat, lie and kill. Female students who score well on this hidden test are selected to become members of the secret paramilitary group D.E.B.S. which stands for Discipline, Energy, Beauty and Strength. Focusing on one squad of D.E.B.S., comprised of the team captain Amy (Alex Breckenridge), the tough Max (Tammy Lynn Michaels), French exchange student Dominique (Shanti Lowry), and the prissy and insecure Janet (Jill Ritchie), all of whom faces off against a ruthless villain named Lucy in the Sky (Clare Kramer). Spoofing TV prime time shows, a listing of "previous on D.E.B.S." shows the team's boss Mr. Tibbs explaining that Lucy in the Sky was spotted entering the United States again. Max is frustrated knowing that for some reason Lucy keeps capturing Amy and the team has to rescue her. Amy is captured, leading to Max to take over the team to lead them to Lucy's hideout in a dockside warehouse. Max, Janet, and the chain-smoking Dominique make entry into Lucy's hideout and soon are facing off in a gun battle with Lucy's henchmen, led by her right-hand man Billy Skids. Meanwhile, unknown to either Lucy's henchmen or the D.E.B.S., Lucy and Amy are lovers and Lucy keeps capturing Amy so that the two of them can have sex, with Amy timing them to know when her colleagues will appear to "rescue" her. This time Lucy becomes frustrated over the same routine they have to go though over their secret romance each time. Amy then tells Lucy that she really loves her, and Lucy is happy. Elsewhere, Max, Janet, and Dominique defeat Lucy's henchmen (with Dominique never dropping the cigarette she's smoking, and Max having an all-too-brief meeting of minds with Skids during their fistfight, while Janet is just determined not to get her favorite sweater ruined). The three D.E.B.S. arrive at a locked door to Lucy's quarters where they hear Amy screaming out, leading them to try to break down the door. But Amy is not screaming in pain, but in passion as she climaxes from the sex. Lucy and Amy quickly dress where Amy tells Lucy that she can capture her again next week during the D.E.B.S. mission to Uganda. On cue from Amy, Lucy punches her out and makes her escape as Max, Janet, and Dominique arrive, none of them aware to Amy's secret tryst with the enemy. Amy thanks them for rescuing her... again. The four D.E.B.S. walk out of the warehouse and into the evening sunset as Janet asks Amy if that is her sweater that she's wearing and if she got blood or any dirt on it. 