 Darna Mana Hai (2003)44) After their car breaks down in the middle of the night, seven friends find shelter and tell one another stories to kill time till dawn. Seven friends are traveling through a forest when their car breaks down in the dark and they decide to tell horror stories to pass the time. But after each story one friend gets scared and goes back to the car. 1) Karan and Anjali get stuck in the forest when their car suddenly stops while Anjali sees Karan going into creep but next moment he is standing besides her claiming to be normal. 2) Anil Manchandani , a smoker, checks into a hotel whose owner is weird and hates smoking. 3) Pramila, a little girl who is not a good student, has several complaints from her teacher; suddenly the teacher gets scared of her when her behavior changes. 4) Homemaker Gayatri finds an apple-seller suspicious; the next morning she finds that things around her house have turned into apples--including her husband. 5) John is waiting outside a graveyard for a lift; when Amar lets him in his car, he reveals that he died few days back. 6) Purab, considered a loser by everyone, suddenly gets the power to STOP things around him. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Six city students take refuge in deserted ruins when stranded on a highway and start telling one another scary stories to keep amused. The stories include: A husband trying to scare his wife; a man stuck at a creepy "healthy hotel"; a teacher spooked by a child's homework; a housewife scared of apples; a bizarre lift on a freeway; and a college kid with an unusual power. Unlike the usual Indian horror film, this does not resort to sound effects and visuals for thrills. Each sketch has its moments, though a couple of them could have been brilliant with small script changes and a resistance to oversimplifying. Most of the actors do decent jobs, especially Raghubir Yadav as the freaked-out teacher. Joyojeet Pal A group of friends are stranded in a remote rural area when their vehicle breaks down. After exploring their whereabouts they find an abandoned house and decide to spend the night there, sharing supernatural and horror stories. The friends disappear one by one, and nobody seems to know what happened to them. As the remaining friends share stories of the occult, they realize that some are missing and go look for them. Then the real horror strikes. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 