 Control (2003)431) A tale about a strange young man, Bulcs, the fellow inspectors on his team, all without exception likable characters, a rival ticket inspection team and racing along the tracks - and a tale about love. Ghost trains and ghostly characters, figuratively speaking of course, are what run through the perpetual night of this underground metro system. Bulcs's (Sndor Csnyi) life that once was, on the surface, where the real people go home after work, who go to the movies or a fine restaurant is now replaced by the dark, cold and solitude arena of his new dwellings. He, and his motley crew of ragtag metro ticket Kontrollers must patrol the trains that run these City dwellers back and forth and with daily ritual, check that no one dare come down into their world for a free ride. With indifferent passengers, a possible love interest, a regime set on competition and to top it all a mysterious serial killer at large, Kontroll is a dark and bleak comedy of the world of the ticket inspector, who, in the end must keep this Metro system running. If not, what would be the worst that could happen, if they ever lost control? Dare you ride here for free, too? Cinema_Fan The massive labyrinthine netherworld that is the Budapest subway system provides the stunning setting for 'Kontroll,' a high-style, high-speed romantic thriller in which the lives of assorted outcasts, lovers, and dreamers intersect and collide. One handsome young hero, one mysterious maiden, and one particularly nasty killer must conduct a race against time, trains, and destiny itself in their frantic pursuit of one another. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with a real life manager of Budapest metro system explaining that the events shown in the film are purely fictional and have no bearing on the conduct and practices of the 'Kontrollers' of the Budapest metro system. Bulcs (Sndor Csnyi) is a ticket inspector on the Hungarian Metro. He spends his nights sleeping on the train platforms, and hasn't left the underground ever since he started working there. His ragtag team of inspectors - consisting of the veteran Professor (Zoltn Mucsi), the disheveled Lecs (Sndor Badr), neurotic narcoleptic Muki (Csaba Pindroch) and dimwitted greenhorn Tibi (Zsolt Nagy) - are routinely disrespected and assaulted by the commuters, who continue to evade paying fines in a variety of ways. One of Bulcs's company rivals, model employee Gonz (Balzs Mihlyfi) challenges him to a "rail run": after the last metro leaves a station, the two get on the tracks and try to make it to the next station on foot before the midnight maintenance carriage runs them over. Bulcs wins the contest, barely saving Gonz in the last second. During a routine inspection, he is enamored by a girl dressed in a bear suit called Zsfi (Eszter Balla), the daughter of one of the veteran metro drivers, Bla (Lajos Kovcs). In another occasion, Bulcs unsuccessfully attempts to talk his collague Laci (Lszl Ndasi) out of a hostage situation when Laci goes postal after he gets into an altercation with a passenger; Laci exclaims he can't take it anymore and slits the passenger's throat. After chasing a repeat offending prankster called Bootsie (Bence Mtyssy), Bulcs witnesses him being pushed on the tracks by a hooded figure, dressed in exactly the same attire as him; another incident in a long line of what people thought were apparent suicides. Because of his recurring nightmare of this figure, Bulcs fails to apprehend the murderer, and when he's brought to questioning, he refuses to disclose details of the incident to the lead executive (Gyrgy Cserhalmi) of the company. When the executive threatens to disclose the video footage of the incident, which only shows Bulcs, he resigns his job. Muki later insinuates him being the murderer, citing his continual nightly absence and accusing him of having the same mental issues as Laci did; an infuriated Bulcs almost pushes him on the tracks as well. During an underground costume party, Bulcs spots and follows the hooded figure and they get into an altercation, after which they start rail running similarly to the contest with Gonz earlier. Bulcs wins again; the hooded figure never emerges from the tracks. Bulcs meets Zsfi, who is now dressed as a butterfly, and the two finally emerge back to the surface. 