 Ultraviolet (2006)651) A beautiful hmophage infected with a virus that gives her superhuman powers has to protect a boy in a futuristic world, who is thought to be carrying antigens that would destroy all hmophages. In 2078, in the wake of a global pandemic of vampirism, a sub-species of disease-modified humans find themselves possessing extraordinary agility, enhanced strength, incredible stamina, and acute intelligence. As a result, humankind is now pushed to the brink of a brutal, worldwide civil war. Now, against the backdrop of the imminent confrontation between the government and the "others", Ultraviolet, an infected beautiful Haemophage, finds herself caught in the middle, protecting Six, a helpless nine-year-old boy who has been marked for death by the military forces of Daxus. Can Ultraviolet destroy Daxus' ultimate anti-Haemophage weapon? Nick Riganas Human society has been decimated by a holocaust caused by biological warfare research gone wrong: instead of creating super-soldiers, a genetically-engineered virus turns infected humans into Hemophages, a vampire-like sub-species with enhanced physical abilities. In the infection-paranoid and technologically advanced society that follows, Violet is a singular Hemophage warrior battling the totalitarian dictator who is determined to wipe out her species at any cost. Murray Chapman Violet lives in a totalitarian world in the future, ruled by Daxus. Once she was a human and the assistant of his husband, a scientist, murdered by the police forces of Daxus, who has turned into vampires a considerable part of the human race just to enlarge his forces. Violet has the task of rescue a secret weapon: a boy named Six. After knowing the real intentions of this people with the boy, Violet takes him away and she'll be chased by Daxus, because Six carries in his blood a rare cure, which could heal Violet and all the vampires. Alejandro Frias In the late 21st a disease called Hemophagia has genetically modified nearly an entire race of people, leaving them with such enhanced speed, intelligence, and strength that they resemble vampires in nearly every way. Fear begins to breed within the power elite as the disease continues to spread and those infected prove to be truly superhuman, and now, a civil war is brewing between uninfected humans and those altered by Hemophagia. Caught dead in the center of it is an infected woman called Violet, who is bent on vengeance and has little left to lose. Provoked beyond reason by powers that will not rest until she and her people are dead, she will become everything her persecutors feared her to be Cammila Albertson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the mid-21st century, the Hemaglophagic virus (HGV), an obscure virus from Eastern Europe which was being used to breed stronger and faster soldiers, escaped the laboratory. Once infected, people have a lifespan of about 12 years, but first they are reduced to "hemophages" (aka "vampires"). They take on many characteristics including extended eyeteeth, regeneration, accelerated reflexes and increased strength. One of the victims is Violet Song jat Shariff [Milla Jovovich]. Because she was infected while pregnant, Violet was secured to a holding camp to be studied. Most of the other hemophages have been wiped out, thanks to the actions of Vice cardinal Ferdinand Daxus [Nick Chinlund], who is determined to wipe out every last hemophage. But the hemophages aren't going to be led like sheep to their slaughter. Hemophages have united, and their resistance and terrorist attacks have become known as "the Blood War." It is 12 years later. The scientists terminated Violet's pregnancy, and she has managed to escape the camp and join the Hemophage Underground. After infiltrating the Archministry by posing as courier XPD154, Violet finds herself in possession of a case that contains the ultimate weapon against Hemophages, one that will wipe out the entire hemophagic population. When ordered by her Hemophagic superior, Nerva [Sebastien Andrieu], to destroy the case without opening it, which will set off a bomb that will destroy everything a block around, Violet refuses to comply and opens the case to discover it contains a child. It is both a weapon and a child, she is told. The child contains antigens that will wipe out all existing Hemophages. What is Violet to do...destroy the weapon or protect the child? The child is a ten-year human named Six [Cameron Bright], because he is a clone of eight. He has been raised all his life in a laboratory and knows very little about life outside. Violet takes Six to be examined by her Hemophagic friend Garth [William Fichtner], who learns that Six has only eight hours to live and that he is outfitted with a tracking device, so Violet must keep moving lest Daxus catches up with her. Unfortunately, Nerva has made a deal with Daxus and learned that Six doesn't contain an antigen against Hemophagia but against the entire human race, so Nerva seizes Six with the idea of using him against the humans. Violet sets Six free again. In the time they have left before Six dies, Violet takes him to the park. When the time comes, Violet is at his side, but Daxus and his henchmen show up to claim the body and kill Violet. Fortunately for Violet, Garth manages to retrieve her body before Daxus's incendiary team can destroy it. After several hours of surgery, Garth is able to bring Violet back to life. Violet goes into a deep depression but recovers when she senses that Six is not dead and that he needs her help to get away from Daxus. Violet storms the Archministry just as Daxus is about to saw into Six's brain. Violet single-handedly wipes out everyone in the Archministry except for Daxus. As they face each other, Daxus tells Violet the truth about himself...he is actually a Hemophage, too. Violet defeats him with a flame pistol and her sword. Epilogue: Violet carries Six to the roof and reawakens him. Six is surprised to still be alive; a flashback reveals one of Violet's tears at the park protected him from dying by giving him immunity to what was killing him. He tells Violet that there is a cure for Hemophagia. 