 Bridge to Terabithia (2007)761) A preteen's life turns upside down when he befriends the new girl in school and they imagine a whole new fantasy world to escape reality. Jesse is picked on at school and had no friends until Leslie, the new girl, befriends him and they begin to come really close. They use their imaginations and create a world called Terabithia, only for the wonderful fantasy to end in disaster, tragedy and loss. But it's up to Jesse to remember what Leslie taught him and to stay happy. Joffysloffy Growing up in the Redneck country isn't easy for shy Jess Aarons, with a father struggling to make ends meet, three arrogant bigger sisters and a 'baby' he has to take to school and watches generally. In class he bonds with cheeky newcomer Leslie Burke, whose scientist parents moved into the neighboring villa, despite her taking his only local prestige by beating him in the race. Wandered off after school in the woods, they invent a fantasy land Terabithia, where they can be the superheroes of imaginary feral races. Together they also stand up against school bullies, but then tragedy strikes and Jess must adjust again. KGF Vissers A little imagination can sometimes go a long way. The story of young and artistically talented Jesse Aarons, who is sharing concerns and money problems with his family. He's having trouble at school with the bullies and there is a bully like troll who charges the kids a dollar to go and pee. He is fighting for the attention of his father, against his baby sister. Life for young Jesse isn't looking up, that is until the adventurous, imaginative and non-conformist Leslie Burke arrives in town. Together they form a bond and Jesse's life shall never, again, be the same. Adventures and amazement in other worlds center around these two kindred spirits, and for once, for Jesse, life isn't so bad after all. If your mind is wide enough then let your imagination take you over the Bridge to Terabithia. Cinema_Fan Jesse "Jess" Aarons comes from a poor farmer family with four annoying sisters, he finds no haven at school where he's teased by everyone. The only thing Jess has is running; after training all summer for the big race on the school athletic day, he and every other boy racing are beat by new girl Leslie Burke. Like Jess, Leslie is teased by her fellow students, but unlike Jess she doesn't let it bother her. After a rocky start, they find common ground and together create the imaginary world of Terabithia as a haven from their struggles at school and at home. Leslie teaches Jess to open his mind to every possibility and leave reality behind. But, after a tragedy occurs, Jess must trust in what Leslie has taught him to help over come the horrors that reality can bring. O.G. The 5th grade Jesse Aarons trains all summer to win the big race at school, only to have newcomer Leslie Burke beat him, along with everyone else. Despite all their differences, the two quickly become friends and discover a magical kingdom across the creek. They name it Terabithia, where they have many adventures together and show each other how to stand up to the bullies at school. soccerchica23 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two children, seen as outcasts by their peers, imagine a world in which their foes are those who taunt them in real life. Together, they alter their imaginary world by changes made in the real world. Ultimately, the real world sets in and the imagination is handed down. 