 Monk (20022009)55) The series follows Adrian Monk, a brilliant former San Francisco detective, who now consults the police as a private consultant who battles with an obsessive-compulsive disorder. After the unsolved murder of his wife, Trudy, Adrian Monk develops obsessive-compulsive disorder, which includes his terror of germs and contamination. His condition costs him his job as a prominent homicide detective in the San Francisco Police Department, but he continues to solve crimes with the help of his assistant and his former boss. Jwelch5742 Adrian Monk, once a prominent homicide detective in San Francisco, California. Now a lonely consultant for the police. Filled with a laundry list of obsessive compulsive disorders and phobias caused from the unsolved murder of his wife. This brilliant broken man tries to regain the stature he once had through each new case with the help of the ones who never gave up on him. While also trying to survive each day and its trials as cleanly and neatly as possible. Filled with laughs, gasps and tears. Monk, is an original award winning detective show that the world hasn't seen in a long time. Josh Burton Former Police Detective Adrian Monk ( Tony Shalhoub ) has suffered from intensified obsessive-compulsive disorder and a variety of phobias since the murder of his wife, Trudy (Stellina Rusich and Melora Hardin), in 1997. Despite his eidetic memory and his amazing ability to piece tiny clues together, he is now on psychiatric leave from the San Francisco Police Department. Aided by his friend and practical nurse, Sharona Fleming ( Bitty Schram ), Monk works as a freelance Detective and consultant, hoping to convince his former boss, Captain Leland Stottlemeyer ( Ted Levine ), to allow him to return to the force. Stottlemeyer wavers between admiration for Monk and annoyance at his eccentricities. Also, he harbors serious doubts about the wisdom of allowing Monk to carry a gun. Stottlemeyer's second-in-command, Lieutenant Randall Disher ( Jason Gray-Stanford ), also has his doubts about Monk, but seems to be developing a reluctant admiration for the "defective detective". CarolT Detective Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub) used to have a minor case of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Then, the murder of his wife, Trudy (Stellina Rusich and Melora Hardin), and his inability to solve the case exacerbated his condition to the point where he finds it impossible to function in society without assistance. He hires Sharona Fleming (Bitty Schram), a nurse and single mother, as his personal assistant, as well as his Watson for when he investigates cases the Police can't solve, to pay the bills. After three seasons, Sharona got tired of the frustrating job and re-married her husband. Monk's new assistant was Natalie Teeger (Traylor Howard), whose loss of her own partner allows her a deeper bond with him than Sharona could ever have. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 