 Detention (2003)Summaries A heroic high school teacher leads a band of students trapped in school by violent drug-runners. Hamilton High is no place for a teacher who cares. Teacher Sam Decker doesn't care anymore. He's quitting. Sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours, playing warden to a pack of rebellious students, the worst troublemakers in school. But Hamilton High is about to become an all too real battleground when a well-organized group of killers armed with automatic weapons and explosives invade the supposedly deserted school after hours to use it as an operating base for meticulously planned armored car robbery. Led by the brilliant and sadistic Chester Lamb, the invaders are surprised to discover Sam and the kids from the detention room are still inside the school. The hunt is on as the killers ruthlessly stalk the teacher and students through the school's halls and classrooms, while Lamb tracks them on the surveillance cameras, turning the school's security system against his prey. Sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil Lamb's perfectly planned crime. Along the way, they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government. But Sam Decker still has a few tricks to teach the kids, and he's got some thingfs to learn from them. Tonight at Hamilton High, the lesson is survival. Anonymous Sam Decker (Dolph Lundgren) is giving up. After military service in the Gulf War and the former Yugoslavia, he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town. He wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at Downview High. Frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't seem to work, Sam hands in his resignation. But the day he does, he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school. It's a bad time for all. That same day, gunmen take over the high school - using it to hide $300 million worth of cocaine they've hijacked. The plan's to use the school auto shop to prep two police cars, stash the drugs in secret compartments and drive away safely. The paid-off local police and school security guards were supposed to make sure the school was empty after hours. But nobody figured Sam Decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation. Sam leads the kids in a running battle with the gunmen throughout the school. Wounded and outgunned, Sam shows the kids what it means to stand up for something. Inspired and motivated, the kids save the day, showing bravery and nobility. For once the kids don't let Sam down - and they're not likely to forget the lessons they've learned. And neither is Sam. GFT Entertainment <mail@gfte.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 