 Code 46 (2003)431) A futuristic Brief Encounter (1945) , this is a love story in which the romance is doomed by genetic incompatibility. This movie is a love story set in a Brave New World-type near-future where cities are heavily controlled and accessible only through checkpoints. People cannot travel unless they have "papeles" (papers in Spanish; words and sentences in many languages, especially Spanish, French, and Chinese are mixed with English in this new world), a special travel permit issued by the totalitarian government, the "Sphinx". Outside these cities, the desert has taken over and shanty towns are jammed with non-citizens, people without IDs forced to live primitive lives. William Geld ( Tim Robbins ) is a family man who works as a government investigator. When he is sent to Shanghai to solve a case of fake IDs, he meets a woman named Maria Gonzales ( Samantha Morton ). Although he realizes she is behind the forgeries, he cannot help but fall completely in love with her. He hides her crime and they have a wild, passionate affair that can last only as long as his visa: twenty-four hours. Back home, William is obsessed with the memory of Maria. When the original investigation is inevitably re-opened a week later and William is sent back to finish the work he started, he tracks her down only to discover she has been accused of a Code 46 violation, and any further relationship is therefore impossible. In the near future, in a world ruled by a totalitarian government, checking of the genetic code is mandatory for any type of possible relationship between a man and a woman. An investigator from Seattle, William Geld ( Tim Robbins ), travels to Shanghai to investigate the forging and stealing of special visas (called by the Spanish word "papeles"). The main suspect is Maria Gonzales ( Samantha Morton ) who works in the company known as the "Sphinx", but William falls in love with her and thus protects her. They have a passionate one night stand but soon find out that they are genetically incompatible with each other and have therefore violated Code 46. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This synopsis is in german, feel free to translate... -------------------------- In einer nicht allzu fernen Zukunft sind nach einer Klimakatastrophe die Stdte zu Sicherheitszonen erklrt worden, die von der Sphinx Corporation kontrolliert werden. Der privilegierte Teil der Menschheit lebt innerhalb dieser geschtzten Bereiche, alle anderen in unwirtlichen, wstenhnlichen Orten auerhalb. Klonen und Genmanipulationen sind Normalitt. Die ganze Biografie eines Menschen ist nun auf elektronischen Pssen gespeichert. Wer keinen Pass besitzt, muss sich illegal einen besorgen, um eine andere Identitt vorzutuschen und so in die Stdte zu gelangen. William, ein Versicherungsagent, kommt von Seattle nach Shanghai, um eine "undichte Stelle" in der Passdruckerei der Sphinx Corporation aufzudecken. Er ist mit einem Empathie-Virus infiziert, der ihn die Gedanken anderer Menschen erkennen lsst. Zgig ermittelt William die Schuldige, Maria, die er aber deckt, weil sie eine rtselhafte Anziehungskraft auf ihn ausbt. Als er Maria zufllig wieder trifft, ldt William sie zum Essen ein und verbringt spter die Nacht mit ihr. Dann fliegt er zurck zu seiner Familie in Amerika. Doch William sprt, dass er sich in Maria verliebt hat, und beschliet, sie wieder zu sehen. In Shanghai erfhrt er, dass Marias Gedchtnis zwangsweise gelscht und sein Kind abgetrieben wurde. Schlielich findet William heraus, dass Maria ein Klon seiner Mutter ist und deshalb ihre Beziehung gegen den "Code 46" verstt. Doch die beiden wollen ihre Liebe nicht aufgeben und versuchen, sich dem berwachungsapparat zu entziehen. ____________________HERE YOU GO...----------------------------------- In a not-too-distant future after a climate catastrophe city security zones have been declared, controlled by the Sphinx Corporation. The privileged part of the humans lives within these protected areas, all others in hostile, desert locations outside. Cloning and genetic manipulation are usual. The whole story of a man is now on electronic passports. Who has no passport, must obtain one illegally to get another identity and be able to enter the cities. William Geld (Tom Robbins), an insurance agent of Seattle, comes to Shanghai for a "leak" in the passport printing of the Sphinx Corporation uncover. He has an empathy virus, which lets him recognize other people's thoughts. William soon identifies the culprit, Mara Gonzlez (Samantha Morton), but he covers up for her because he feels an strange attraction for her. When he again meets Maria coincidentally, William invites her for dinner and spends the night with her. Then he flies back to his family in America. But William feels that he fell in love with Maria, and decides to see her again. In Shanghai, he learns that Maria's memory has forcibly be removed and his child was aborted. Finally, William finds out that Maria is a clone of his mother, and therefore their relationship infringes "Code 46". But the two do not want to give up their love and trying to escape from the surveillance society. 