 Cinderella Man (2005)541) The story of James J. Braddock, a supposedly washed-up boxer who came back to challenge for the heavyweight championship of the world. During the Great Depression, common-man hero James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe), aka the Cinderella Man, was to become one of the most surprising sports legends in history. By the early 1930s, the impoverished ex-prizefighter was seemingly as broken-down, beaten-up, and out-of-luck as much of the rest of the American populace who had hit rock bottom. His career appeared to be finished, he was unable to pay the bills, his family--the only thing that mattered to him--was in danger, and he was even forced to go on Public Relief. But deep inside, James J. Braddock never relinquished his determination. Driven by love, honor, and an incredible dose of grit, he willed an impossible dream to come true. In a last-chance bid to help his family, Braddock returned to the ring. No one thought he had a shot. However Braddock, fueled by something beyond mere competition, kept winning. Suddenly, the ordinary working man became the mythic athlete. Carrying the hopes and dreams of the disenfranchised on his shoulders, Braddock rocketed through the ranks until this underdog chose to do the unthinkable: take on the heavyweight champ of the world, the unstoppable Max Baer (Craig Bierko), renowned for having killed two men in the ring. Sujit R. Varma Fact-based story of depression era boxing champ James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe). This movie opens with Braddock winning a fight in 1928 and becoming a contender for a championship bout. This movie then quickly jumps five years into the future. The Great Depression is on and Braddock has had a series of defeats. Fighting injured, including with a broken hand, made him less of a fighter. Braddock, like many others in that era, lost everything in the stock market and scrimping by on the small fights he can get and on dock work. His wife would prefer he quit boxing, but knows how badly they need the money to get by with their three kids. Watering down milk just to make it do for several more days is a common occurrence. When his trainer manages to get him one more fight on the spur of the moment against the current number two contender, Braddock rises to the occasion and knocks him out. His amazing comeback becomes the source of inspiration of many down-on-his-luck Americans. A series of fights later leads to the championship match against the arrogant champ, Max Baer (Craig Bierko). Baer, who had already killed two men in the ring, urges the older Braddock not to fight him. Of course, Braddock feels like he has nothing more to lose, and very devastating, intense fight ensues. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> During the Great Depression, former successful boxer James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe) loses all of his possessions and savings with the crash of the stock market. His beloved wife Mae Braddock (Rene Zellweger) and their three children survive starvation and lack of heating and daily difficulties because they are a loving family. In 1934, when James' coach and manager Joe Gould (Paul Giamatti) offers him a chance to return to boxing, he becomes the symbol of hope to hopeless people in a ruined nation. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story takes place in New York and New Jersey during the Great Depression, a time when people experienced the worst economic hardship in U.S. history. James J. Braddock (Russell Crowe) was a light heavyweight boxer, who was forced to retired from the ring after breaking his hand in his last fight. His wife Mae (Renee Zellweger) had prayed for years that he would quit boxing, before becoming permanently injured. To support his family, Braddock works as a laborer at the docks, but he still has a dream to box. Several years after his last fight, Braddock's old manager wants him to be a last-minute substitute to fight against the second-ranked world contender. In this case, Braddock is one of those hungry fighters who astonishes everyone by winning the fight. Braddock is back in the ring and begins to win all his fights against younger, stronger, and heavier boxers. In a sports article, Braddock is named the "Cinderella Man" for his miraculous comeback. Braddock gets a chance to fight the heavyweight champion, Max Baer (Craig Bierko), for the title. Max Baer had killed two men in the ring, and everybody believed Braddock would be number three. As the underdog, Braddock became the champion of the downtrodden masses. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 