 House of D (2004)541) By working through problems stemming from his past, Tom Warshaw, an American artist living in Paris, begins to discover who he really is, and returns to his home to reconcile with his family and friends. On their son Odell's 13the birthday, graphic artist Tom Warszaw finally confesses to his wife why he fled Greenwich Village, NYC at that age to Paris. As a schoolboy, naturally sensitive, considerate Tommy was best buddy with 'adult' half-wit Pappass, father Duncan's Catholic school's assistant janitor. Smothered by his dependent mother, a dumb orderly, Tommy got 'parental advice' from a women's prison inmate. Together with Pappas, he saves up tips from their butchery delivery rounds. One night, Pappas steals the bike they were saving for. Tommy tries to take the blame, but ends up expelled as if the instigator. Even more tragic consequences follow. KGF Vissers Tom Warshaw is an American artist who has been living in Paris for thirty years. He quietly leads a troubled existence, something that his French wife Coralie Warshaw can see without knowing the source of that trouble and which is negatively affecting their son, Odell Warshaw. On Odell's thirteenth birthday, Tom decides to come clean to his family about his past, the source of that trouble, Tom's decision to come clean at this time due to his story being when he himself was thirteen. At the time in 1973, he, just plain old Tommy, was living with his widowed working class unconventional mother, Katherine Warshaw, in Greenwich Village, she who was not coping well following the death of Tommy's father. She rested all her hopes on Tommy, who, on scholarship, was attending a private Catholic boys' school, where arguably his best friend was the school's mentally challenged janitor, Pappass. Pappass helped Tommy in his part-time job as a delivery boy for a local meat shop, they saving their money in a hidden box to be able to buy a bike. The hiding location led to Tommy meeting, faceless through the barred windows, a female convict in detention, she who would only call herself Lady. Lady became Tommy's confidante in all matters, but especially as it pertained to Tommy's crush on a wealthy girl named Melissa Loggia, who attended his school's sister institution. It is within this world that something happened that tore Tommy's life apart. Huggo In the present, artist Tom Warshaw recalls his traumatic coming of age. As a 13-year-old growing up in New York City in 1973, Tom hangs out with Pappass, a mentally disabled man. With Tom's mother battling depression after the death of her husband, the young boy is left to his own devices. When Tom develops a crush on schoolmate Melissa, Pappass feels abandoned and begins behaving erratically. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in NYC, House of D is a "coming of age" story of a 13 y/o boy, Tommy (Anton Yelchin), being raised by a single mom (Tea Leoni). This boy befriends the janitor, Pappass (Robin Williams) of his Catholic school & is his co-worker as a delivery boy @ the local butcher shop. As an adult, Tommy (David Duchovny) is an illustrator living in Paris, now with a family of his own. Tommy must resolve past issues & present relationships that have unraveled due to an incident that happened with Pappass when Tommy was a boy. Also stars Robin Williams daughter (Zelda), who is Tommy's first "crush" & Erykah Badu as "Lady" / Bernadette, a woman who is imprisioned in the "Women's House of D". She imparts wisdom to Tommy. The House of D was a womens prison in Manhattan where inmates could freely talk to those passing by along the street, built in 1934, Women's House of D was later razed in 1974 for a park. Duchovny also directed & wrote the screen play. Excellent extra features on the DVD. 