 50 First Dates (2004)541) Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams until discovering she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the next day. Henry Roth lives in a Hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached. This is until he meets Lucy Whitmore. Both Henry and Lucy enjoy the company of each other and feel the start of a serious relationship occurring. Approaching Lucy the next day, Henry is confused when Lucy fails to recognize him. This is the moment Henry discovers that Lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and can't remember each individual day. Henry won't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again, each and every day. FilmFanUk Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams...every single day. That's the dilemma that playboy Honolulu veterinarian Henry Roth faces when after a multitude of one-night stands, he decides to settle down after a chance meeting with local artist Lucy Whitmore. Unfortunately for him, Lucy has short-term memory loss stemming from a car accident that happened a year earlier on her father Marlin's birthday; consequently, she can't remember anything that happened the day before, so each day, Henry must attempt to win her heart again. Additionally, Lucy's friends and family, including her older brother Doug, are very protective, so Henry must do everything possible to convince them that he's doing it for all the right reasons. asbwtw Henry Roth is a veterinarian living in Hawaii who enjoys the company of vacationing women. He leaves the playboy life behind after he falls for Lucy, who suffers from short-term memory loss. Since she can never remember meeting him, Henry has to romance Lucy every single day and hope that she falls for him. IMDb Editors Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Henry Roth (Adam Sandler) is a wildlife veterinarian in Hawaii, who meets Lucy Whitmore (Drew Barrymore) a woman who has a short-term memory loss from an auto accident a year earlier. Henry is a ladies man on the island who has been breaking the hearts of female tourists for years. Henry meets Lucy at a local cafe and takes her out on a date. Henry falls in love with Lucy, but there is one problem when she awakens in the morning, she can't remember him or anything that happened that day. Henry must devise a plan to meet Lucy everyday and try to get her to fall in love with him again and again. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 