 Rumor Has It... (2005)541) Sarah Huttinger is a woman who learns that her family was the inspiration for the book and film "The Graduate" -- and that she just might be the offspring of the well-documented event. Hunky NY lawyer Jeff Daly finally got engaged to fickle Sarah Huttinger, who presents him to her Pasadena family, who all soon take to him, for her sister's wedding to Scott. However, Jeff's clever counting makes Sarah realize her dad Earl isn't her biological father. As more clues from family point toward a suspect - successful author Beau Burroughs - she insists on meeting him. Only like her mother and grandmother, she has a one-night stand with Beau, which may well cost her Jeff. KGF Vissers Sarah Huttinger (Jennifer Aniston) is coming back to her hometown to attend her sister's wedding, bringing along her lawyer boyfriend Jeff (Mark Ruffalo). She expected to spend another visit with the family she doesn't feel equal to. She didn't expect to uncover the family's greatest secret: an affair her mother (Shirley MacLaine) had decades ago was the basis for the world-famous book "The Graduate". This news sends her on a whirlwind, leading to a passionate relationship with Beau Burroughs (Kevin Costner), the very man that Sarah's mom got involved with. Sarah Huttington, recently engaged, goes home to Pasadena with fianc Jeff for a family wedding. She hears a rumor that "The Graduate" (book and movie) is based on her family. Did her grandmother and her mom have flings with the same man just before her parents married? Is she a strange man's child? Does this explain why she doesn't fit in? Was her mother happy? Is she also facing a loveless marriage? Where can she seek answers: her mother's dead, her father's a pleasant naf. Ask her salty grandma? Better to ask the man in the triangle, the real Benjamin Braddock. With Jeff's blessing, Sarah heads for San Francisco, looking for the key to her past and to her future. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sarah Huttinger (Jennifer Aniston) is a New York Times journalist who is stuck writing the obituary column. Sarah has just got engaged to Jeff Daly (Mark Ruffalo), and she is not sure she is ready for marriage. They fly to Pasadena to attend her younger sister's wedding, and Sarah wants to keep the engagement quiet. Sarah tells Jeff that her family it a typical Pasadena tennis-playing family that is obsessed with the City of Pasadena and NFL football. Sarah has never fit in with her family, and she wonders why? She uncovers a secret about her family involving Beau Burroughs (Kevin Costner), a wealthy internet business genius. Rumor has it that "The Graduate" (book and movie) was based on his life. Sarah searches for the truth and becomes an addition to the tale. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 