 A Sound of Thunder (2005)431) A single mistake in the past, by a time travel company in the future, has devastating and unforeseen consequences. Chicago, 2055. Charles Hatton has made a fortune by founding 'Time safari', which offers rich 'big game hunters' short time travels to kill off dinosaurs just before their natural death. When scientist Travis Ryer notices the weather and wildlife are not behaving as usual, he consults Dr. Sonia Rand, the contractually invisible inventor of the supercomputer which controls time. They soon face 'time waves', each worsening the effects in 2055 of evolutionary distortions, lower lifeforms first. They attempt to identify and rectify the past alteration, but each attempt gets harder in their distorted present. KGF Vissers In 2055, a Chicago company specialized in time travel and owned by the powerful and wealthy Charles Hatton organizes safaris for tycoons in the prehistoric era. The team is leaded by Dr. Travis Ryer and the jump is programmed by a computer. However, when something is changed in the past, the time waves affect the present and Travis and his crew, with the support of the inventor of the computer, Sonia Rand, try to find a way to fix the problem. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2055, the rich are able to travel back in time and hunt a live dinosaur for a huge price. Sonia Rand has developed a machine that can take people back in time. Charles Hatton has taken this technology and opened a business know as Time Safari. Anyone with the money can travel back millions of years and shoot a dinosaur. Dr. Travis Ryer leads his team together with the big game hunter on a floating walkway to a spot where they can kill the dinosaur. The trip protocol is that they must stay on the walkway and not disturb the land or anything creature around them. Unfortunately for the human race, one hunter steps on and kills a butterfly. This insignificant act starts off major consequences to the earth's climate and creates new species of animal life. The course of evolution as we know it is now being changed by time waves. Travis and Sonia try to stop the changing process before it becomes permanent and man becomes extinct. 