 Stander (2003)44) The life and career of Andre Stander, a South African police officer turned bank robber. In mid-1970s Johannesburg, white police officer Andre Stander (Thomas Jane) suffers a crisis of conscience due to his involvement in apartheid and becomes a notorious bank robber on the run. Then from 1983 to 1984, the "Stander gang" (Stander, Alan Heyl, and Patrick McCall) rob as many as four banks a day. screenwritersutopia.com In 1976 Johannesburg, the efficient anti-racist Homicide/Robbery Police Captain Andre Stander has a nervous breakdown after killing an unarmed man in an apartheid protest. Stander decides to confront and mock the established corrupt system by heisting 26 banks while working for the police department. He is captured and sentenced to 32 years in prison, but he succeeds in escaping with criminals Lee McCall and Allan Heyl, and the three form "The Stander Gang" and rob another 20 banks in six months. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil "Stander" is based on the true story of Andr Stander, a South African homicide/robbery police captain who became one of the most notorious bank robbers in the country. After participating in the brutal killing in a riot in the line of duty, Stander decided to defy the very system he was part of, and set off on an audacious crime spree; robbing banks during his lunch hour then returning to the scene of the crime to lead the investigation. Finally, caught by his own police force, he was jailed, and subsequently befriended Allan Heyl and Lee McCall. After a daring jailbreak, the 'Stander Gang' committed a large number of robberies, which grew increasingly bold over time. In the eyes of the public, their blatant disregard for authority made them South Africa's most popular anti-heroes. In reality, however, Stander and his gang were the most wanted men in the country. Distributor It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 