 Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (2004 Video Game)651) In 1964, a U.S. government operative codenamed "Snake" must infiltrate mountainous Soviet territory to rescue a scientist building a weapon of terrible power. In 1963 Naked Snake, soon to be Big Boss and father a Solid Snake, infiltrates the Russian jungle to extract a Russian weapons specialist. The mission turns into a catastrophic failure when Snake's former mentor, The Boss, defects to Russia and sets a nuke. Now alone and defenseless Snake must stop The Boss and her squad of crack special ops from unleashing nuclear war! The Metal Gear Solid saga starts here, in 1964. Solid Snake's father, Big Boss (or Snake) must thwart the USSR's attempt to build a mobile-tank capable of launching nuclear missiles onto the United States. Snake must stop the Russians from starting World War Three, but at a great cost. Snake learns that his longtime mentor, The Boss, has defected to the Soviet Union. To prove his allegiance with the American government, Snake is ordered to kill his mentor while stopping the USSR's nuclear plans coming to fruition. Johnny Rival nations are secretly developing weapons that could threaten the future of mankind. Deep in the jungle, an elite tactical soldier must combine stealth with survival to infiltrate the enemy and stop a weapon of mass destruction from triggering the largest full-scale war the world has ever seen. The game is set in a sweltering jungle where players must fight for survival by battling relentless natural elements, as well as an onslaught of ruthless enemy soldiers. Sujit R. Varma After having defected to the West, a Soviet scientist has developed a new weapon that would change the world, the Shagohod missile system, but he was sent back as part of a deal within the Cuban Missile Crisis. Now the West wants him back, and Naked Snake, the man who would one day become Big Boss, goes to rescue him. However, the legendary soldier (and Snake's mentor), The Boss, defects to the U.S.S.R., and the renegade Soviet colonel that she now serves explodes a nuclear weapon against his own countrymen. The Soviet leaders blame the U.S. for the nuclear attack and threaten retaliation unless the U.S. can prove its innocence in the matter. A deal is made between the East and West: the U.S. must assassinate The Boss and her team of WWII rogue veterans (the Cobra Squad), eliminate the Soviet colonel and his rebels, rescue the scientist once again and destroy the prototype Shagohod within one week or risk a nuclear war with the Soviet Union. Seen as being responsible for letting The Boss get away, Snake must complete the mission or he and his support team will be executed for failing in the original operation and letting the nuclear war begin. Parachuting alone into the treacherous jungle, Operation: Snake Eater commences. Flotis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Metal Gear Solid 3 is set during the Cold War in 1964, where Naked Snake is sent to the jungles of the Soviet Union. Aided over radio by Major Zero, Para-Medic, and his former mentor The Boss, his mission is to rescue a defecting Soviet scientist named Sokolov who is secretly developing an advanced nuclear-equipped tank called the "Shagohod." The mission goes smoothly until The Boss defects and provides her new benefactor Colonel Volgin with two Davy Crockett miniature nuclear shells. Sokolov is captured by the Cobra Unit and Snake is heavily injured in combat by The Boss, allowing Volgin and his cohorts to escape with the Shagohod. Volgin detonates one of the nuclear shells to cover up its theft, which is subsequently blamed on The Boss. Having detected the US aircraft which deployed Snake flying over Soviet soil, the Soviet Union declares the United States responsible for the atomic attack, tipping both nations to the edge of a nuclear war. In a secret conference between US President Lyndon Johnson and Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, a deal is hatched to prove the US's innocence and restore peace. The United States agree to stop Volgin's renegade faction, destroy the stolen Shagohod and eliminate the American defector, The Boss. A week after being rescued from the region, Snake is redeployed into the Soviet jungle as part of Operation Snake Eater, to fulfill the United States' promises. During the mission, he gains the assistance of another American defector, ex-NSA agent EVA, who defected a few years earlier. After numerous encounters with the elite Ocelot Unit (led by a young Ocelot), and defeating every member of the Cobra Unit, Snake succeeds in locating Sokolov and the stolen Shagohod, only to be captured in Volgin's military fortress, Groznyj Grad. After witnessing the apparent death of Sokolov, Snake is tortured and has his eye shot out when Ocelot shoots to kill EVA; Snake ultimately escapes. When he returns to the facility to destroy the Shagohod, Snake learns of The Philosophers. Made up of the most powerful men in the United States, Soviet Union, and China, they are an Illuminati-like organization who control the world behind the scenes. However, after the end of World War II, they began to fight amongst themselves, and the organization broke down. The Philosopher's Legacy, a fund the organization had jointly amassed to finance their wars ($100 billion, about $1 trillion today when adjusted for inflation) was divided up and hidden in banks all over the world. Volgin had illegally inherited this money, and Snake learns that the US is attempting to retrieve it. Snake continues his mission, destroying the facility and the Shagohod tank, while engaging Volgin, who is killed by a bolt of lightning during the battle. Snake and EVA travel to a lake, where a ground effect vehicle is hidden. Before they use it to escape the region, Snake confronts his old mentor, The Boss, whom he must kill to complete his mission. After an emotional battle, Snake overcomes his feelings and defeats her. He and EVA escape to Alaska, and spend the night together. During the night EVA disappears, and leaves behind a tape revealing herself to be a Chinese spy sent to steal the Philosophers Legacy for China. The tape continues, and EVA reveals that The Boss did not defect to the Soviet Union; rather, she was under orders to pretend to defect so she could infiltrate Volgin's ranks and find the location of the Legacy, which could be brought back to America. The final part of her mission was to sacrifice her honor and die at the hands of Snake, under the guise of a traitor, to prove the US's innocence in Volgin's nuclear attack from the beginning of the game. Snake is awarded the title of "Big Boss" and given the Distinguished Service Cross for his efforts.[33] Later, he arrives at an anonymous grave, The Boss', just one of thousands in the huge military cemetery he visits. Laying down The Boss' gun and a bouquet of lilies upon the nameless gravestone he scans the endless rows before him, salutes, and sheds a single tear. After the credits roll, Ocelot is heard talking (a telephone conversation) and reveals that the microfilm containing the information on the Philosopher's Legacy given to EVA was a fake, that Ocelot himself was ADAM, that half of the real legacy is in the hands of the US Government thanks to Snake, and that he was working for the CIA 