 Danny Deckchair (2003)Summaries An Aussie becomes a national sensation when he lifts off in his deck chair tied to balloons. Sydneysider Danny Morgan, a simple man who works for a concrete company, is prone to daydreaming to escape his life, those daydreams often of his unique ideas. Of late, those daydreams have been about his and his longtime girlfriend Trudy Dunphy's imminent vacation, a camping trip which Danny has been planning for a year. Eventually learning that Trudy, a real estate agent, lied to get out of the trip to spend time with a famous client, television sportscaster Sandy Upman, is just the latest manifestation that Trudy is drifting away from Danny, who she sees as just a concrete man while she aspires to something or someone more exciting like Sandy. With the vacation now a no-go leaving him with a couple of weeks free with nothing to do but have his mind wander, Danny, with an unexpected windfall of free giant balloons, ponders whether they, filled with helium and tied to a deckchair, would be able to lift him in the deckchair up into the air. Danny's balloon deckchair experiment will have not only a profound effect on him, but that of Glenda Lake of Clarence, she a lonely parking enforcement police officer who has felt lost in life, while Trudy also sees it as another possible restart to her and Danny's relationship in that proverbial fifteen minutes of fame in their lives. Huggo Based on a true story, the tale of a cement truck driver named Danny, whose long awaited vacation is cancelled thanks to his scheming girlfriend, Trudy. Danny escapes his grim life in suburban Australia and blasts into the skies in a chair tied with helium balloons. A mighty thunderstorm blows him clean off the map, and spits him out far away over the lush green town of Clarence. In this new town, he rockets into the world of Glenda, the town's only parking cop. While the media back home becomes obsessed with the story of his disappearance, Danny gets to reinvent himself in this new town, and in his great adventure, he discovers a true soulmate in Glenda. Fate catches up with him eventually, as Danny's true identity is revealed and Trudy--now a tabloid celebrity--comes to the idyllic town to claim Danny and drag him back to Sydney. Danny, however, is a changed man; he's discovered what it means to be happy and has found a new self-worth. Saying farewell to Trudy, Danny makes a dynamic re-entry to the town of Clarence--determined to win Glenda back again and embrace his newfound zest for life. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 