 The Office (20052013)66) A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium. A mediocre paper company in the hands of Scranton, PA branch manager Michael Scott. This mockumentary follows the everyday lives of the manager and the employees he "manages." The crew follows the employees around 24/7 and captures their quite humorous and bizarre encounters as they will do what it takes to keep the company thriving. ahmetkozan This U.S. adaptation -- set at a paper company in Scranton, Pa. -- has a similar documentary style to that of the Ricky Gervais -led British original. It features the Dunder-Mifflin staff, which includes characters based on roles in the British show -- and, quite possibly, people with whom you work in your offifce. There's Jim, the likable employee who's a bit of an everyman. Jim has a thing for receptionist-turned-sales-rep Pam -- because office romances are always a good idea! There's also Dwight, the co-worker who is successful but devoid of social skills and common sense. Jwelch5742 The everyday lives of workers at a paper company are caught on camera by a camera crew for a documentary. Some of these workers are Michael Scott, the boss, who isn't too bright or funny. Dwight Shrute, a salesman who takes his job very, very, seriously. Jim Halpert, a salesman who is the office cool guy and prankster. And Pam Beesly, the receptionist who is engaged but who is also the crush of someone else in the office. With these characters, the daily antics of this branch is anything but normal. The Smarticus13 The U.S. version of The Office is set in the town of Scranton, Pennsylvania. The comedy show takes place in the Scranton branch of a failing paper company, Dunder Mifflin. It mainly revolves around Michael Scott (Steve Carell), the regional manager, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson), the top salesman, Jim Halpert (John Krasinski), the office "funny-guy," and Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer), the uncomfortable receptionist, and Ryan (B.J Novak) the silent cool guy. Mason F A remake of the hit 2001 BBC TV series "The Office" (2001)_, this is a mockumentary that documents the exploits of a paper supply company in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Made up of head chief Michael Scott, a harmlessly deluded and ignorantly insensitive boss who cares about the welfare of his employees while trying to put his own spin on company policy. With an office including the likes of various peers who have their own hangups, The Office (2005) takes a look at the lives of its co-workers: bored but talented salesman Jim, his mildly sociopathic, butt kissing enemy Dwight, mildly righteous receptionist Pam, and indifferent temp Ryan. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 