 Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid (2004)44) A scientific expedition sets out for Borneo to seek a flower called the Blood Orchid, which could grant longer life. Meanwhile, they run afoul of snakes and each other. In New York, the ambitious Dr. Jack Byron and his associate Gordon Mitchell present the research of his assistant Sam Rogers to the CEO and board of directors of a corporation to sponsor a scientific expedition to Borneo. The objective is to find a flower, Blood Orchid, that flourishes for a couple of weeks every seven years and could be a fountain of youth, prolonging the expectation of life of human beings. They are succeeded and once in Borneo, they realize that it is the raining season and there is no boat available to navigate on the river. They pay US$ 50,000.00 to convince Captain Bill Johnson and his partner Tran to sail to the location. After an accident in a waterfall, the survivors realize that a pack of anacondas have gathered for mating and their nest is nearby the plantation of Blood Orchid, which made them bigger and bigger. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Once every seven years, the extraordinary Blood Orchid blooms deep in the impenetrable jungles of Borneo. To find this rare herbal source of youth and immortality, a group of researchers funded by the New York pharmaceutical firm, Wexel Hall, arrives in the island, unbeknownst to them that the area is crawling with an aggressive subspecies of giant Anaconda. And, to make matters worse, the same attributes that the ambitious scientists are seeking, have augmented not only the snakes' already enormous size but also they've increased their strength. Can they survive the attack of the super-reptiles, or will they all suffer the same fate as the unwise intruders in Anaconda (1997) ? Nick Riganas A scientific expedition sets out for the island of Borneo. They are in search of a flower named the Blood Orchid. Reports say that this flower can lead to a longer life. But what they find inhabiting the rainforest of Borneo are a group of anacondas. But they aren't ordinary... the Blood Orchid made the anacondas longer, faster, and smarter. Now the scientists must find a way out of the rainforest by outsmarting, outrunning and outliving the anacondas. Mass Movie Psycho It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 