 Down with Love (2003)55) In 1962 New York City, love blossoms between a playboy journalist and a feminist advice author. A brightly-colored, light-hearted homage to the early-1960s sex comedies that starred Rock Hudson and Doris Day. The story follows a best-selling female advice author who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy starts asking the questions. Natalie Knowles <NatSplat007@hotmail.com> "Down with love? Just eat some chocolate, forget the man, and take control of your own life." The time is the swinging '60s, and the world is being turned upside-down by the hit bestseller "Down with Love", which preaches to women that they don't need men to be happy. Playboy journalist Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) is suddenly unable to pursue his many love affairs. Furious, he goes undercover to prove that the book's author, Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger), can fall in love. But Barbara has her own plans, and soon her best friend and publicist and Catcher's boss are all wrapped up in romantic entanglements. Will Catcher succeed in humiliating Barbara in the eyes of the world? Will Barbara's publicist sniff out the truth before she can find her own happy ending? Or will Barbara finally fall "down with love" and take everybody else down with her? Whatever happens, nothing will ever be the same in this hilarious sex farce of mistaken identities, hidden agendas and, most of all, rollicking romance. BL In 1962 New York City, suave reporter Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) always gets his story, the spotlight, and any dames he wants. He usually toys around his spineless boss Peter MacMannus (David Hyde-Pierce), but now he's challenged by Maine novice author Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger), whose feminist book "Down with Love" preaches that women should enjoy no-strings sex like men and portrays him as the worst kind of man. Catcher promises to help Peter swing a date with Barbara's devoted but amateur editor Vikki Hiller (Sarah Paulson) while he masquerades as astronaut Major Zip Martin to seduce Novak straight back into the classical marital-home-focus. KGF Vissers Barbara Novak (Rene Zellweger) has just come down from Maine to New York City after writing a book called "Down With Love". The book instructs women to have sex the way a man does, and to detach oneself from love completely. Catcher Block (Ewan McGregor) is a successful journalist tapped to write a cover story on Novak. He blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants. But when Novak's book is a complete success, Catcher finds himself being blown off by her. So he starts to write an expos and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named Zip Martin. But he can't imagine what happens next. Ally It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 