 The Room (2003)66) Johnny is a successful bank executive who lives quietly in a San Francisco townhouse with his fiance, Lisa. One day, putting aside any scruple, she seduces Johnny's best friend, Mark. From there, nothing will be the same again. In San Francisco, Johnny's live-in fiancee of seven years, Lisa, has been cheating on him with his friend Mark, and Johnny doesn't know. If Johnny ever found out, would Mark still be his best friend? And what other troubles lurk in his life? maxkriegelnance Johnny is a San Franciscan man who seems to have it all: a high-paying job as a banker, a bunch of friends--including closest friend Mark--and a beautiful fiancee of seven years, Lisa. Then he faces the worst form of betrayal and from then on everything comes apart. Johnny is living the American Dream: he's got it all, a beautiful 'future wife' named Lisa, a great friend in Mark, and a successful career as a banker in San Francisco. However, something is happening in his life--right under his nose: Lisa is having an affair with Mark. What will happen when Johnny finds out? At a delicate point in his life, this turn of events may completely break Johnny for good. Johnny Can money bring happiness? Is professional success enough to lead a full life? With this in mind, Johnny, an accomplished San Francisco-based banking executive, can swear he has it all--a modern apartment, a great job, and Lisa, his fiance and the love of his life. However, just one month before the wedding, Johnny is utterly unaware of his imminent predicament, as a woeful case of betrayal, a serious instance of drug violence, incessant machinations, and an unexpected underwear theft will prove to be far too much to handle. Is this what life is supposed to be? Nick Riganas Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. Johnny can also be a little too trusting at times, which haunts him later. His beautiful blonde fiancee Lisa has always gotten her way and will manipulate to get what she wants. She is a taker, with a double personality, and her deadly schemes lead to her own downfall. Mark is Johnny's successful, independent best friend; he has a good heart, but he gets caught up in Lisa's dangerous web and gives in to temptation. This eventually brings him to great loss. Claudette is Lisa's classy, sophisticated mother, who has had disappointing relationships in her life. She wants her daughter to be married as soon as possible so she can benefit. Denny is an orphan boy, naive and confused about life, love, and friendship. Denny is very ambitious and also very grateful to the people in his life. "The Room" depicts the depths of friendship and relationships in life and raises life's real and most-asked question: "Can you ever really trust anyone?" Chloe Lietzke It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 