 Miss Congeniality 2: Armed & Fabulous (2005)541) After Heather Burns (Cheryl Frasier) and Stan Fields (William Shatner) are kidnapped, Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) goes undercover in Las Vegas, Nevada to find them. Because of the notoriety she gained from the Miss United States pageant, Gracie Hart's (Sandra Bullock's) life as an undercover F.B.I. Agent is over. In addition, Agent Eric Matthews (Benjamin Bratt) broke off their relationship which she did not take well. Begrudgingly on the advice her boss, F.B.I. Assistant Director Harry McDonald (Ernie Hudson), Gracie decides to become the F.B.I.'s media relations officer. Ten months later with the assistance of style coach Joel Meyers (Diedrich Bader) and a best-selling book behind her about her experience, Gracie becomes a designer-clad media darling and the made-up face of the F.B.I. The new Gracie is the exact opposite of Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King), a woman who, like Gracie before her pageant experience, has deep seated anger issues. The two do not get along, but that doesn't stop McDonald from assigning Sam to be Gracie's bodyguard. The two are sent to Las Vegas, Nevada when Gracie's friend, reigning Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns), and the long-time Miss United States pageant host Stan Fields (William Shatner) were kidnapped there. At the F.B.I.'s Las Vegas field office, Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams) wants Gracie solely to be the media spokesperson on the case, but Gracie wants to be back in the field, especially when she uncovers some leads that Collins dismisses. Despite their antagonistic relationship, Gracie and Sam have to work together to follow these leads. Along with them are Joel and insecure F.B.I. Agent Jeff Foreman (Enrique Murciano), the foursome who, in addition to finding Cheryl and Stan, have to elude Collins' other Agents, Collins, who wants Gracie and Sam back on a plane to New York City, and who wants the glory of solving the case for himself. Huggo Sandra Bullock returns as FBI agent Gracie Hart in the second Miss Congeniality movie. Gracie has become well-known by the public after saving Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ) at the Miss United States Pageant, where she was working undercover. Gracie is asked to become the face to the FBI, and give a positive face of the FBI by promoting her book on TV. Gracie has become a celebrity and is no longer a real FBI agent. Her friends from the pageant, Cheryl and Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, and Gracie wants to find them. Gracie is ordered by her boss to continue being the face of the FBI, while they find her friends. Gracie can't do that, so she starts her own investigation. Her bodyguard, FBI agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ), and Gracie go undercover to find her friends, and the fireworks begin. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) is assigned to promote the F.B.I., touring with the brutal Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King) as her bodyguard. While travelling around the country, her friend and Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns) is kidnapped along with Stan Fields (William Shatner), and Gracie decides to investigate the abduction in Las Vegas on her own, and against the direct orders of local F.B.I. Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Many weeks after the events of Miss Congeniality (2000) , in which she infiltrated the Miss United States beauty pageant and saved Cheryl Frasier's ( Heather Burns 's) life, a customer recognizes FBI agent Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) and blows her cover while she tries to thwart a bank heist. Realizing that Gracie's life as an undercover agent is over, FBI assistant director Harry McDonald ( Ernie Hudson ) decides to capitalize on her publicity by offering to appoint her as a Media Relations Officer. Although she isn't taking her recent break-up with agent Eric Matthews, who has since been reassigned to Miami, well, Gracie reluctantly accepts the new position. To fill the void left by the departure of Matthews, the FBI transfer agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ) from Chicago to New York. Sam has some deep-seated anger issues, much like Gracie before her experience at the pageant, and they don't take to each other at all. Ten months later, with the help of style coach Joel Meyers ( Diedrich Bader ) and a best-selling book about her experiences as an undercover agent behind her, Gracie has become a designer-clad darling of the media and the new "face" of the FBI as she appears on several morning TV programs to dish out some fashion advice and promote the new book. Although the "new" Gracie is the exact opposite of Sam, this doesn't stop Harry from appointing Sam as Gracie's new bodyguard, to Sam's chagrin. When the FBI find out that Cheryl, who is the current Miss United States, and the long-running pageant host Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, they send Gracie and Sam there. When they arrive at the FBI's Las Vegas field office, the office's assistant director Walter Collins ( Treat Williams ) only wants Gracie to be the case's media spokesperson while his own agents try and find Gracie's friends, but Gracie goes against his orders and goes undercover to try to find them herself. Sam joins her after getting a lead from video footage of the kidnapping that suggests that it may be Stan rather than Cheryl who is the kidnappers' main target. The FBI are unwilling to lose their "mascot" and have their doubts about whether Gracie is still up to the task. Gracie gets some leads of her own, but when she reports them back to Walter, he dismisses them. This makes Gracie more determined to continue her undercover work, and she has to put her differences with Sam aside so they can work together on following their leads. They are joined in their investigations by Joel and an insecure agent, Jeff Foreman ( Enrique Murciano ). The kidnappers move Stan and Cheryl to the pirate ship at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino, and make plans to blow the ship up. Gracie, Sam and Joel arrive at the Oasis Drag Club where they dress up as singers and end up performing a number of songs from Tina Turner as part of the club's talent contest. Another contestant who is dressed up as Dolly Parton tells them where Stan and Cheryl are located. Gracie and Sam have to infiltrate the pirate show Sirens of TI and elude other agents deployed by Walter, who is determined to put Gracie and Sam on a plane back to New York and claim the sole credit for solving the case, in order to rescue Stan and Cheryl and save the day. 