 The Barbarian Invasions (2003)44) During his final days, a dying man is reunited with old friends, former lovers, his ex-wife, and his estranged son. In this belated sequel to 'The Decline of the American Empire', 50-something Montreal college professor Remy learns that he is dying of liver cancer. He decides to make amends to his family and friends before he dies. He first approaches his ex-wife Louise, who asks their estranged son Sebastian, a successful businessman living in London, to come home. Sebastian makes the impossible happen, using his contacts and disrupting the entire Canadian system in every way possible to help his father fight his terminal illness to the bitter end, while he tries to reunite his former friends, Pierre, Alain, Dominique, Diane, and Claude to see their old friend before he passes on. matt-282 Rmy, a university history professor in Montral, describes himself as a lusty socialist. He and his ex-wife Louise's marriage broke up long ago because of his philandering, his mistresses including several of their closest mutual friends and some of his students. Rmy and Louise have remained on good terms with each other, as they have with those closest friends/ex-mistresses. One person who is estranged from Rmy is his wealthy grown son Sbastien, a London financial risk manager. Sbastien hates how his father's philandering broke up their family, leaving Louise to manage him and his sister Sylvaine on her own; Rmy totally abhors his son's capitalist ideals. When they learn that Rmy is in the hospital possibly facing a terminal-cancer prognosis, Sbastien and his fiance Galle decide to fly back to Montral to be by his mother's side and support her in taking care of Rmy's needs in what look like his last days. But the situation does not heal the fundamental rifts between father and son. Even in constant pain and admitting that he is scared of his mortality, Rmy wants to live by his socialist ideal of universal health care, not wanting to jump a queue based on money, and Sbastien wants to throw money at any problem. But in making Rmy's last days comfortable and happy, they might come to the realization that being humanistic surpasses all else. Huggo Having a difficult time accepting the reality of death and feeling regretful of his past, a man dying of cancer tries to find peace in his last moments. His estranged son, ex-wife, ex-lovers, and old friends will all come to him to share his last breath. Gabriel Laverdiere It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 