 Stage Beauty (2004)44) A female theatre dresser creates a stir and sparks a revolution in seventeenth century London theatre by playing Desdemona in Othello. But what will become of the male actor she once worked for and eventually replaced? Based in the 1660's of London's theaters, this film is about the rules of gender roles in theatre production, and means to change them for everyone's benefit. Ned Kynaston is the assumedly gay cross-dressing actor who has been playing female parts in plays for years, particularly Desdemona in Othello, he also has a close relationship with a member of the Royal Court, the Duke of Buckingham. One day however, the rules of only men playing women could change when aspiring actress Maria auditions as Kynaston's praised role, Desdemona, and soon enough, King Charles II decides to make the law that all female roles should be played only by women. Maria becomes a star, while Ned finds himself out of work. But after a while, Ned finds it in his nature to forgive Maria's aspiration, they may even fall in love, and Charles may proclaim women will be played by either gender. Jackson Booth-Millard In Stuart Restoration king Charles II's reign, gay actor Ned Kynaston, a specialist in female parts, enjoys the favor of the public on stage and royal favorite George Villiars, Duke of Buckingham, in bed. But his dresser, Maria, secretly learned acting by observing him and started performing (illegally) in a tavern. When the king's awfully common mistress, a former saleswoman, sides with Maria, the prohibition on actresses is lifted, later even reversed. Still Maria realizes she's artistically far inferior to Ned, and takes him in after bigot 'gentry' roughed him up badly.. KGF Vissers It's seventeenth century London, a time and place where it is illegal for women to be on the stage in it being considered lewd, any female considering such a whore. Ned Kynaston, a member of Thomas Betterton's theater company, is the most celebrated of the actors performing in women's roles, he currently performing in what is arguably his most famous role, that of Desdamona in Othello. He is a divo or diva as the case may be. Part of that attitude stems from he believing that there is no artistry in men performing in men's roles. In his years of training in inhabiting these women's roles, he has somewhat lost the balance in his life of being a man and a woman without really realizing it. His faithful dresser, Maria, loves everything about the theater and, using a stage name, has secretly started performing in an underground production of Othello in the Desdamona role, she having followed closely Kynaston's every move on stage. Ned and Maria's relationship as confidantes is threatened when it is generally discovered what Maria is doing, with frivolously minded King Charles II, in the process, ultimately decreeing that women and only women will be allowed to perform women's roles on stage in the novelty of the matter, Ned who considers such a proclamation an attack on his livelihood. Ned may not be able to survive such a change in his inherent beliefs. It is also threatened when Maria, who is secretly in love with Ned, discovers that Ned has been having a clandestine relationship with George Villiers II, the Duke of Buckingham. The continuation of Ned and Maria's relationship as one of confidantes and Ned being able to emerge from the other side as an intact human being may only be possible if Maria does admit to herself one fundamental aspect of herself as an actress. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 