 Warrior (2002)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. WILL THE MAGIC OF AN ANCIENT CULTURE TRIUMPH OVER AN EVIL OF MODERN CIVILIZATION! March 10, 2002 LOS ANGELES TIMES THE WORLD Mexico Captures Tijuana Drug Lord Narcotics: The arrest, and the recent death of another Arellano Felix leader, could spark a power struggle within and outside the cartel. By CHRIS KRAUL, TIMES STAFF WRITER MEXICO CITY -- Declaring one of the world's most powerful drug gangs "dismantled," Mexican authorities announced the capture of Tijuana drug mobster Benjamin Arellano Felix on Saturday while confirming the death of his brother Ramon in a police shootout last month. The blows to the Tijuana cartel are significant because it is thought to control a quarter of all cocaine entering the United States from Mexico. Both brothers were on the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration's most-wanted list and carried $2-million bounties for their arrests. "Competing Mexican drug cartels are destroying each other ... and that's where 'Warrior' begins ..." ... with Mexican drug lord, Carlos Eldoran (Ron Joseph, "Navy Seals", "Barfly", "Scarface", "Born in East L. A.") ruthlessly executing an informer, then bribing the government's new anti-drug czar, General Figueroa (Hector Mercado, "Delta Force 2"), to conspire with him in the perfect partnership ... using the military to establish a drug traffic monopoly by building a secure operation deep in the remote jungles of Costa Azul. Unknowingly ... the General is about to invade the quiet and peaceful enclave of the Native American Esselen Indian Tribe who are hiding deep in the Mexican jungle ... and meet an opposing force he could never imagine ... the supernatural son of a divine force with magical powers: Dreadmon (Vincent Klyn, "Cyborg", "Point Break"), who, separated from his biological parents at birth and having discovered that he has been adopted by the Chief of the Tribe, has set off on a quest to find the secrets of his true identity. Dreadmon must use his magical powers only for good or lose his powers and feed the strength of the evil witch Mootin ... the supernatural daughter of the divine force ... if he misuses his powers. As General Figueroa's soldiers clear the jungle to build their drug manufacturing and distribution center, they invade the tranquil existence of the Esselen. Dreadmon, witnesses the execution of his adoptive father in cold blood and, contrary to the "way" he has been taught, reacts in anger and unleashes a lethal charge of electricity and fire ... driving off the soldiers ... but drawing to him the evil Mootin ... who is re-ignited with the desire to seek him out and destroy him. After an argument with his "brothers" about whether to flee or fight the soldiers, Dreadmon leaves the exotic jungle behind and enters the concrete jungle of Puerto Vallarta ... to seek help from the local "policia". The local police captain is a cartel puppet who tells Eldoran that Dreadmon is seeking help to defeat the slave raiders who have killed his father. And when Dreadmon is arrested after using his supernatural powers in a bar fight, the cartel's hit man (Matt Gallini, "End of Days," "Crimson Tide", "Rudy") bails him out and takes him to meet Eldoran, who cons Dreadmon into using his powers to destroy competing drug cartels. To see through Eldoran's deception and become the Warrior he must become to save his adopted homeland, Dreadmon must undergo an agonizing inner battle, which calls forth his own inner spirit in the form of the Midnight Sun (international rap star recording artist "Yukmouth of the Luniz"). Only when Dreadmon surrenders to the truth does he gain the strength he needs to defeat the treacherous Eldoran drug cartel ... and face the dreaded Mootin in spectacular climactic combat. "Warrior" is a richly photographed action/adventure fantasy, filmed on location in the exotic jungles of Costa Azul in the State of Nayarit and the urban grit of Puerto Vallarta in the State of Jalisco, Mexico, which matches mythological powers against modern day corruption in a unique portrayal of the classic confrontation between "good and evil". 