 Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena (2005)44) Meet Arjun Verma, a conman who plays the biggest odds and wins. Trained in the belly of Bombay, he knows how to score with women, money, and the law. His playground is his alone - AND NOBODY F***S WITH THAT... Arjun (Fardeen Khan) and his best friend Rohit (Rohit Roy) con people for a living. During their latest of escapades, both the duo manages to con the rich accountant of a don by the name of Sikander (Gulshan Grover), resulting in them stealing millions of rupees. Soon after, Rohit (Rohit Roy) is killed by Sikander's men and Arjun escapes to another city to save himself from the murderers.But Sikander manages to track him down and orders him to pay up the stolen sum of money plus interest or face Sikander's retirement plan. Soon to get his hands on some millions, Arjun than sets up a special team who will help him execute the plan. Also involved in the team is Natasha (Koena Mitra), a female psychiatrist who ends up being conned by the group but eventually succeeds in seeking revenge.Thrown into this mix is another character by the name of Jehangir Khan (Feroz Khan) who slows down Arjun's plans to get his hands on some big money. Will Arjun get the money for the pay back? Or will he have to answer to accept Sikander's retirement plan? gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Mumbai-based con-men, Arjun Verma and Rohit Kapoor, inadvertently steal three Lakh Rupees from a gangster named Sikander, and Rohit ends up getting killed. Arjun attempts to go underground in Pune are unsuccessful, and he is apprehended by Sikander's goon, Kaif, and asked to return the 3 Lakh Rupees plus an additional 1 Lakh as interest in ten days. Arjun teams up with a Psychiatrist, Natasha Kapoor, and three other males: Bhatia, Shree, and Jack and hopes to return the money within the stipulated time period. Natasha ends up getting conned and seeks vengeance, while the group partner with Sikander and seek a new victim, a banker/gangster by the name of Jehangir Khan. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Arjun and Rohit two best friends who live by conning people,Rohit decides to give life of crime and start a new life but he is killed by a criminal Sikander's as Arjun and Rohit had con his men.Arjun elopes from the city but Sikander's aide Kaif traces him where Sikander asks him to return his looted money in 10 days or else he will be killed and tells Kaif to keep a watch on him 24/7.Arjun and his friends Bhatia and Jack decide to con people in order to return the money to Sikander,Arjun comes across a psychiatrist Natasha whose patient has been conned by them.Natasha gets impressed by Arjun and decides to be part of their gang and falls in love,but a con job goes wrong and Natasha mistakenly kills a police officer,she soon realizes that it was all part of Arjun as he wanted to extort money from her to give to Sikander.Natasha reaches Sikander's den to kill Arjun but makes a proposal to Sikander that if Arjun can return his money before 10 days then he can make 25 Crores in 25 days.Sikander's criminal mind agrees to this big deal and asks Arjun to take the deal further but this time their target is a powerful big fish Jahangir Khan more ever inspector Sardesai as his eyes on Arjun and his gang. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 