 Weeds (20052012)44) When a suburban mother turns to dealing marijuana in order to maintain her privileged lifestyle after her husband dies, she finds out just how addicted her entire neighborhood already is. Creator/showrunner Jenji Kohan's hit Showtime satirical drama series told of Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker), a widowed mother of two boys - Silas and Shane (Hunter Parish and Alexander Gould) - who begins selling marijuana to support her family. Other main characters include Nancy's lax brother-in-law Andy (Justin Kirk) moving in to help raise her children; foolish acquaintance Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon); narcissistic neighbor Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins), who lives with her husband Dean (Andy Milder) and their daughter Isabelle (Allie Grant); as well as Nancy's wholesalers Heylia James and her son Conrad (Tonye Patano and Romany Malco). Over the course of the show, the Botwin family become increasingly entangled in illegal activity. Eli Allen and Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia After her husband's unexpected death and subsequent financial woes, suburban mom Nancy Botwin (Mary-Louise Parker) embraces a new profession: the neighborhood marijuana dealer. As it seems like everyone secretly wants what she's selling, even city councilman Doug Wilson (Kevin Nealon), Nancy is faced with keeping her family life in check and her enterprise a secret from her neighbor, pseudo-friend, and P.T.A. President, Celia Hodes (Elizabeth Perkins). IMDb Editors (Corrected by bdb4269) When her husband, Judah, dies of a sudden heart attack while out with his ten-year-old son, Shane, Nancy Botwin finds herself in a financial crisis. With no other option available to her, she turns to Conrad Shepard and his family to sell cannabis, using a fake bakery to move the goods. Aided by her wayward black-sheep brother-in-law, Andy (Judah's younger brother), she struggles to keep her new means of bill-solving secret from suspicious P.T.A. members and her nosy neighbors, as well as from her children, Shane and his teenage brother, Silas. Coping without Judah as the patriarch of the family reflects in the Botwins, especially Shane, who is going through the painful process of growing up without his dad, with Andy as the reluctant and rather poor substitute for father-and-son topics that go with growing up. suspiciouscrabs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 