 The Amateurs (2005)651) Citizens of a small town, under the influence of a man in the midst of a mid-life crisis, come together to make an adult film. Andy Sargentee is a decent guy and the town's favorite failure: an unemployable dreamer whose ex's husband's wealth intimidates Andy to such an extent he does little with his teen son. Andy's new idea is for Butterface Fields to be the first town to band together to make the first full-length feature amateur adult film. He recruits five regulars at Floyd's Bar to contribute $2000 each. They get the kid at the video store, whose camcorder is constantly on, to be the cinematographer. The pal they all call "Some Idiot" volunteers to be writer-director. Otis becomes producer. Now, can they find actors, and especially, women? Can a pornography project give Andy self-respect? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In the town of Butterface Fields, population 3,149, Andy Sargentee's wide group of close friends are worried about what looks to be his impending nervous breakdown in his midlife crisis. In his extreme actions, he has already lost his job - quit or fired is arguable - and with it his ability to live. While loving who he was but not being able to live with the man he has become, Thelma, his wife, divorces him, and eventually remarries extremely successful and wealthy Howard, which only exacerbates Andy's feelings of emasculation in comparison to Howard as both husband and father to his and Thelma's only offspring, teenage Billy. In a moment of inspiration, Andy believes he has the thing to get him out of his funk while getting himself financially back on his feet: he and his friends, which is comprised of the community at large, will band together to form the first community production company to film a feature length amateur porn movie. Andy's rough outline for the film is to include every clich that he is aware of associated with porn from the plethora of movies he's watched. This plan will require buy-in from his friends, and from each a $2,000 investment for solely a percentage of the profits, that investment which may be difficult for many to raise. The question becomes whether Andy and his friends can pull off this project, a monumental task considering that most of them individually, like Andy, lead a dead end and unremarkable life. Huggo Sex sells in America and these guys know it. The Amateurs follows a small town band of loveable losers who hit upon an idea that can make their dreams and fantasies come true. Thinking they've found the road to riches and fame they decide to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find they're in way over their heads. Anonymous Sex sells in America and these guys know it. When Andy discovers that his ex-wife has married an extremely wealthy man who is now his son's "cool" stepfather, he becomes motivated to make a change in his life. With the help of his friends a small town group of loveable losers, they hit upon an idea to make their dreams come true. The grand plan that will lead to a life of riches and fame is to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find that they're way in over their heads. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A band of small-town misfits and underachievers, led by Jeff Bridges' character, decide to turn their lives around by making a porno film (something they know little about), and travel a bumpy road of unexpected surprises on their way from failure to success. 