 Monamour (2005)431) A neglected housewife has an affair behind her boring husband's back, triggering a passionate transformation. Now, a dash of infidelity awakens his dormant enthusiasm for her; however, is his new-found interest too little, too late? After six short months of marriage, the free-spirited and disenchanted housewife, Marta, is already starting to feel the passion wane for her boring literary editor husband, Dario. As a result, against the backdrop of medieval Mantua's renowned literary festival, young Marta will fall for the intriguingly handsome Frenchman, Leon, while admiring Palazzo del Te's vivid murals. Of course, the always-suspicious Dario will soon notice Marta's scandalous affair behind his back--a not-so-shocking discovery that paves the way for a passionate transformation. Perhaps, a dash of infidelity was all that Dario needed to awaken his dormant enthusiasm for the neglected Marta; nevertheless, is his new-found interest too little, too late? Nick Riganas Dario is a little publisher from Milano. He is joining the Mantova Festival Letteratura (Book fair) 2004. Marta, his unsatisfied wife, accompanies him. Leon is a French designer-photographer. While Dario is busy with his own business, Marta take a visit to the celebrated Palazzo Te; here under Giulio Romano's fresco representing Jupiter's erected penis she meets Leon. Immediately they become lovers and spend the entire book exhibitions' days making love almost everywhere. This liaison will have soon effects also on the regular one between Marta and Dario. 1felco Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marta is a young housewife, married to Dario, a successful book publisher. Although she still loves her husband, Marta hasn't been able to achieve sexual satisfaction for months due to their dull and predictable love life. While staying in Mantua for the Festivaletteratura, a book fair, Marta follows the advice of her scheming friend Sylvia and pursues an affair with a handsome and mysterious artist named Leon, which leads to surprising results regarding her failing marriage with Dario. 