 Pride and Honour (2004)44) An honest and decorated police officer is arrested on charges of mass murder and trapped in a corrupt political system which sends him sinking into deeper and deeper trouble. Crime has taken a heavy toll on the city of Mumbai with the police force restricted by the norms of the law. Police Commissioner Samar Singh can't bear this and appears to his superiors and seniors for permission to conduct a shoot-on-sight mission for all criminals. Thus Assistant Commissioner of Police Arjun Ranawat and his college Haider Ali Khan are assigned to head the crew as they go about bringing all criminals to justice. When the gangs are speculated, this triggers international terrorist Zafar Supari. who takes help from corrupt Minister Khashi Trevadi to put extreme pressure on Samar Singh. Soon Khashi Trevadi takes up the Chief Minister post, forcing Samar Singh to tender his resignation immediately. There is a showdown when Inspector Haider Ali is murdered and accused of being connected with the terrorists and ISI agents forcing Arjun to take a stand, but he's so frustrated that he revolts by murdering all corrupt high-ranking public personalities. Then Arjun is arrested by the police; his case is called up in a court of law and many charges are brought against him, one of which involves him having an illicit relationship with Rakhi Dixit--his own sister. With Trevadi still in the portfolio, it certainly looks like Arjun will get a life sentence. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) ACP Arjun Ranawat is trailed in court for several murders; flashbacks reveal he was a top encounter cop on the Mumbai police force and did several encounters with his fellow cop Haider Ali. Due to terror of Arjun and Haider, several criminals had to flee the country, but some corrupt officials like Commissioner Despande, Deputy Minister Badrinath, and Kashinath Tridevi are connected to an underworld Don and want to stop Arjun. Kashinath Trivedi becomes the next CM and transfers Samar Singh who was law an order for Arjun and Haider with the change in system corruption arises again and with the corrupt trio's help, Zafar Supari threatens to spread terror in the city. But an incident forces Arjun to take the law in his hand and the only person who can take him out of this is Samar Singh. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Bombay's Senior Police Inspector, Samar Singh, tenders his resignation when he finds out that Kashinath Trivedi, who is known to have connections with the underworld, has won the election. This news delights Kashinath Trivedi and his men, including notorious gangster Zafar Supari. The catch: two honest police inspectors are thorns in their sides--inseparable friends Inspector Arjun Ranavat and Hyder Ali. Kashinath's attempts to separate the two with the assistance of corrupt Police Commissioner Yeshwant Pandey, are in vain. Then Zafar Supari takes over the task of separating the two. And he succeeds, and as a result Hyder Ali is killed in a fake police encounter on the grounds that he was a Pakistani spy; while Arjun Ranavat, whose attempts to avenge Hyder's death result in the deaths of 18 people--results which prompt the Police Commissioner to dismiss Arjun from the police force and issue orders for his arrest--dead or alive. Arjun is captured alive and his trial commences, with one of the allegation being that he was having an intimate affair with his very own sister, Rakhi Dixit, as well as having underworld connections, and killing 18 people. Will Arjun be able to answer to these charges? Or will he become another victim to Kashinath and his men? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 