 Suburban Girl (2007)321) A Manhattanite book editor finds her take on the game of romance changed after she lures the attention of an influential older man. Brett, a young woman from the suburbs, is an associate editor at a small New York publishing house hoping for a promotion. One day, she first meets literary lion Archie Knox, who's 50 and shows interest in her; then gets a new boss, a dolly-dolly Brit. Brett is soon dating Archie, then moves in with him. He's charming, attentive, and gives advice. He also has a history--ex-wives, a distant daughter, a couple of diseases, and a photo album of former girlfriends. It's no fairy tale: family issues (and more) intervene, and Brett faces decisions. Meanwhile, she's working with a writer who fears peanut butter sticking to the roof of his mouth. Is Archie dinner, an hors d'oeuvre, or a peanut-butter sandwich? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young beginner book editor Brett (Sarah Michelle Gellar) tries to help publicize the books she edits, but when caught by a store clerk trying to move her books to the front store window the clerk says she needs to take it up with an ageing, editor and chief Archie Knox (Alec Baldwin) because he personally inspects every book store's window in Manhattan; and if he sees an insignificant book occupying good space he will have everyone involved with that book out of a job. So Brett meets up with Archie and she sees that they have more in common than just books. What begins to happen between Brett and Archie is an unplanned romance. But before anything can happen, Brett decides to break up with her immature boyfriend Jed (Chris Carmack) and she and Archie begin to date. Things later get complicated when Brett gets a demotion at her job because of a new boss (Vanessa Branch) and she finds out that her dad, whom she is very close to, begins to have health complications. Brett also discovers that Archie has an awful relationship with his daughter and is a recovering alcoholic. While dating Archie and going through real life hardships, Brett begins to discover herself and starts to become a more confident editor. 