 The Brave One (2007)761) Struggling to recover emotionally from a brutal assault that killed her fianc and left her in a coma, a radio personality begins a quest for vengeance against the perpetrators that leaves a bloody trail across New York City. Erica Bain is a happy radio host from a city she loves and with a fianc she adores. However, a brutal attack in New York's Central Park changes her life forever, leaving her in a coma for 3 weeks and her fianc dead. In an attempt to feel safer after the attack, she buys a gun. However New York does not feel the same as it did anymore and Erica has several encounters where she is not afraid to use her new gun. Everyone is talking about a vigilante and Erica is forced to talk about them too on her radio show... Abby Erica hosts a successful radio show in New York City. When she and her fianc take their dog for a walk in the park one evening, three thugs viciously attack them. Erica awakens from a coma and in the weeks that follow Erica attempts to re-enter her former life, but grows paranoid with fears she will be attacked again. She buys an illegal gun for protection and is soon forced to use it in self-defense. Overwhelmed by the emotions that follow in the wake of these events, Erica begins placing herself in dangerous situations and leaves behind a series of unsolved shootings the press attribute to a vigilante killer. During this time period, the homicide detective who had originally investigated her fianc's death befriends Erica, and we watch events unfold as the detective's pursuit of the vigilante killer continues. - written by: R. Merriman <wyldberi@msn.com> One can tell that Erica Bain loves New York City - where she lives - by the poetic way she speaks on her local radio show about the walks she takes around the city. That all changes when, out for a walk with her fianc David Kirmani and their dog one evening, they are viciously attacked and beaten, she left in a coma for three weeks and he who succumbs to his injuries. One of three perpetrators filmed the incident on his cell phone. Finding it difficult to feel safe anymore especially in the bureaucratic manner the police deal with her case, she, in need of that immediate feeling of safety, illegally purchases a 9mm handgun on the black market for protection. While she does use it for protection - she killing someone who would have killed her otherwise - she, out of that situation, begins a vigilante killing spree. In the course of doing their respective jobs, Erica meets Homicide Detective Sean Mercer, who has been assigned the lead in investigating the vigilante killings. They end up striking a friendship in which he opens up about the frustrations of his job and life, including often wanting to take justice into his own hands, especially with the crimes which are known but which convictions for one reason or another are not in the offing. Their chats embolden Erica, who still is struggling emotionally with who she felt she had to become, a woman totally foreign to the pre-attack Erica. Regardless, she may let that vigilante side of her new self take charge until she is able to bring her and David's three attackers to what she considers justice. Huggo Three silent weeks after that fateful late-night encounter with a gang of muggers in a dim-lit Central Park underpass, the once-happy New York City talk jockey, Erica Bain, is about to discover that everything she holds dear is now gone forever. Crippled by fear, in the heart of a now-grotesque city, Erica summons up the courage to walk out the front door and buys a concealed carry semi-automatic pistol, only to use it later that night. But, blood demands more blood, and as Erica becomes increasingly addicted to looking for trouble, offering herself as bait, her bloody path of vengeance catches the unwanted attention of a highly divided crowd and Detective Mercer. Now, the loaded gun in Erica's hand becomes the judge and the jury, and the thin line between right and wrong starts to fade away. In a cruel, mad world, is vigilantism the only answer? Nick Riganas The day that radio essayist Erica Bain selects wedding invitations, her fianc is murdered and she brutally assaulted while walking their dog in Central Park. Upon release from hospital, she buys an illegal handgun. When she witnesses a shooting in a convenience store and is stalked by the killer, she kills in self-defense but flees the scene. More incidents follow that she could have avoided. She walks the night streets a vigilante, a stranger to herself. A detective, Mercer, notices her and becomes her friend as he hunts for the killer. How long before he figures it out? Meanwhile, the methods of the police start to pay off in finding her fianc's killers. What now? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, radio host Erica Bain (Jodie Foster) and her fiance David (Naveen Andrews) are viciously attacked by three men while walking their dog in Central Park; the men film the assault on their cell phones, and steal Erica's engagement ring and her dog. David dies from his injuries. After being in a coma for several days, Erica wakes up in the hospital and learns that David has died. She finds herself unable to continue her life as normal. Traumatized and living in fear, she attempts to purchase a gun but is denied a sale due to having no gun license. A nearby black market gun dealer overhears her desperation for protection and offers to sell her a Kahr K9 pistol for $1,000. Unwilling to wait 30 days for a legal firearm, Erica buys the handgun from him. One evening while Erica is at a convenience store, a man enters and shoots the store's female cashier to death for the woman is his ex-wife who is suing him for alimony. Hearing Erica's cell phone ring, the man stalks her in the aisles before she kills him with three shots from her semi-automatic pistol. Another night later on a subway car, two black men harass the passengers, all of whom leave except Erica. The men then threaten her with a knife; she shoot and kills them both. Later on, Erica attempts to save a prostitute by threatening her pimp. When he attempts to run them down with his car, Erica shoots him though the windshield in the head, causing his car to run over the prostitute. She is injured but lives. Fueled by rage and a need for vengeance, Erica begins to track down the three men who killed David. Meanwhile, she strikes up a friendship with Detective Sean Mercer (Terrence Howard), who is investigating the vigilante killings around the city, and eventually comes to suspect her when he learns the vigilante is female. Mercer takes Erica with him to interview the prostitute she had saved, but the prostitute does not let on that she recognizes Erica (to protect Erica's identity out of gratitude for saving her life). Erica, after learning of a particularly frustrating case for Mercer, kills the suspect. Mercer privately indicates to Erica that he suspects her but is struggling with what to do about it. The police ask Erica to identify one of the suspects in her attack; though she recognizes the assailant, she does not identify him (vowing to kill the thug herself). She is later informed the police have found her engagement ring at a pawn shop, and goes there to get a name, address and phone number of who sold it to them. She tracks down one of her attacker's ex-girlfriends. The woman is initially too frightened to reveal her boyfriend's whereabouts, but she later sends Erica the video recording of her attack and his address. Erica forwards the video onto Mercer. Erica tracks down all three men, and confronts and kills two of them before freeing her dog. She struggles with the third attacker who gains the upper hand just as Mercer arrives. As Mercer attempts to arrest the attacker, Erica retrieves her weapon and prepares to execute him. Mercer persuades Erica to lower her gun, but after looking into her pleading eyes, hands her his own gun to use instead, and Erica shoots him dead. He then insists that Erica wound him with her gun, which she does, allowing them to frame her attackers for the vigilante killings. Mercer then places her gun in the last attacker's hand and Erica leaves. In the final shot, Erica is walking through Central Park joined by her dog. 