 Timecrimes (2007)321) A man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour. Finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences. Hector is an ordinary man who's moving to a new house with his wife. One evening, while he's looking through his binoculars, he sees a naked girl in the woods. He decides to go there just to find that same girl laying on a rock. Suddenly, a man with a pink bandage covering his face, stabs Hector in his arm with scissors... Javi Aldereguia Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hctor (Karra Elejalde) is a middle-aged ordinary man who has just moved to a lonely house with his wife Clara (Candela Fernndez). They lead a quiet life. He receives a phone call, but the person doesn't say anything. Hctor calls that person back, but nobody answers. Later Hctor is looking through his binoculars; he sees what he believes to be a naked girl in the woods. He decides to go there just to find that same girl (Brbara Goenaga) lying on a rock. He clumsily falls close to the girl, and he realizes she's dead. Suddenly, a man with a pink bandage covering his face stabs Hctor in his arm with some scissors. A chase starts, and Hctor breaks into a house near the forest. There is strange machinery and equations on some blackboards within the house. He talks to somebody in a building nearby, and that person promises to get in touch with him immediately. The other man says that the man with the bandaged face is approaching him. The voice leads him to the other building through a path in the grass illuminated by many lights. Hctor sees more machinery and wonders aloud what all that is for. This is the time machine. Through the window, Hctor can see the car - driven by the man with the bandaged face. He gets into the time machine and travels an hour back in time. The young man in charge of the time machine, El Joven, (Nacho Vigalondo) does not recognize Hctor. The young man explains to Hector (Hctor 2) that he must not interfere with the other Hctor (Hctor 1) so he can go into the time machine again, leaving one Hctor instead of two. Hctor can't help but phone his home, worried that Clara is with "a different man". However, he doesn't dare say anything. El Joven tells Hctor 2 off, but things still happened as they should have. Hctor 2 tries to avoid temptation and not phone his wife again. Hctor 2 leaves with the young man's car and stops when he sees the young lady riding her bike to the village nearby. A van smashes into Hctor 2's car and he uses the bandages on his wounded arm to bandage his now injured face. The bandage stops the bleeding but it turns pink because of the blood. The young lady asks him whether he's all right, and promises to call for an ambulance. Although her mobile phone has got not coverage, Hctor 2 doesn't want her to leave. She is a hairdresser, and puts Hctor 2's bandage right. Hctor 2 steals the girl's scissors, and asks for her help in order to do something. Hctor 2 sees Hctor 1 looking through the binoculars. Then Hctor 2 realizes he has to stab Hctor 1 and chase him to the time machine. The girl runs away and Hctor 2 runs after her. Hctor 2 forces her to repeat the movements which Hctor 1 saw. Hctor 2 sees how Clara caresses Hctor 1, and he rudely demands that the girl takes her trousers off. He chases her, and they both fall down an uneven slope in the wood. The girl appears to be dead. Hctor 2 undresses her completely, and leaves her for dead. Hctor 2 approaches Hctor 1 and stabs him and chases after him, making the movements he saw before. Hctor 2 stops to breathe and calm down, when he hears a scream - a female voice. Hctor 2 returns to his own home where he listens to the telephone, hears strange music and is attacked by somebody who thrusts a wooden table into his face. Hctor 2 takes his wife's car and runs after Hctor 1, following the path of lights. Hctor 2 returns to the time machine and asks the young man to bring him back to the past a few seconds earlier than the last time (becoming Hctor 3). Hctor 3 threatens the young man who finally agrees. This leads to him hitting Hctor 2 with the young man's orange truck, so that Hctor 2 can become the man with the pink bandage and go after Hctor 1. In turn, Hctor 3 suffers a car accident. He sees the young girl and scares her, as she was already running from Hctor 2. Hctor 3 says that he's also running from the man with the bandages. After a short sleep, the girl takes Hctor 3 to his own house, not knowing it's his, as it's the only inhabited place nearby. Hctor 3 says it's not a good idea, but they enter the house. Hctor 3 is left, and the girl leaves. Clara sees Hctor 3's disfigured face. Clara says she's already phoned the police. Hctor 3 tries to hide Clara within a room, trying to avoid her death. He also places the ladder in the right place to enter the house by the top floor's window, while bandaged Hctor 2 is going up the stairs. Hctor 3 throws a wooden table to Hctor 2, who falls down the stairs. Hctor 3 dresses the girl with a red coat and cuts her hair, so that "Hctor 2" would think that's his wife. The girl goes out running, and she falls from the roof. The girl dies instead of Hctor's wife, while Hctor 3 has convinced Clara to stay with him. The film ends with Hector 3 and his wife waiting for the police to come. Hctor 2 driving away as the sirens of the police are heard getting closer and closer. 