 Miss Potter (2006)431) The story of Beatrix Potter, the author of the beloved and best-selling children's book, "The Tale of Peter Rabbit", and her struggle for love, happiness, and success. In 1902, in London, spinster Beatrix Potter (Rene Zellweger) lives with her bourgeois parents. Her snobbish mother, Helen Potter (Barbara Flynn), had introduced several bachelors to Beatrix until she was twenty-years-old, but she had turned them all down. Beatrix Potter has been drawing animals and making up stories about them since she was a child, but her parents have never recognized her as an artist. One day, Miss Potter offers her stories to a print house, and a rookie publisher, Norman Warne (Ewan McGregor), who is delighted with her tales, publishes her first children's book. This success leads Norman to publish two other books, and Miss Potter meanwhile becomes the best friend of his single sister Millie Warne (Emily Watson). Soon Beatrix and Norman fall in love with each other, but Helen does not accept that her daughter would marry a "trader". However, Beatrix's father Rupert Potter (Bill Paterson) proposes that his daughter spend the summer with his wife and him in their country house in Lake District, and if she is still interested in Norman after the summertime, he would bless their marriage. When Miss Potter stops receiving letters from Norman, she is disappointed. Then one day she receives a letter from Millie explaining what had happened to Norman. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Thirty-years-old and single, Beatrix Potter (Rene Zellweger) lives in London, England with her social-climbing parents, who are exasperated that she has turned down several eligible young men. Her only real friends are the animals about which since childhood she has lovingly drawn and made up stories. She finally succeeds in selling a book of the stories, and it becomes Norman Warne's (Ewan McGregor's) first project. He quickly falls in love with both the book and Beatrix and together they carefully arrange publication. This proves to be the first of many successes, offering her the possibility of escaping from her parents' way of life and London. J-26 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Miss Potter is a 2006 film directed by Chris Noonan. It is a biopic of children's author and illustrator Beatrix Potter, and combines stories from her own life with animated sequences featuring characters from her stories, such as Peter Rabbit. Scripted by Richard Maltby, Jr., the director of the Tony-winning Broadway revue, Fosse, the film stars Rene Zellweger in the title role; Ewan McGregor as her publisher and fianc, Norman Warne; and Lloyd Owen as solicitor William Heelis. Emily Watson stars as Warne's sister, Millie. Lucy Boynton also stars as the young Beatrix Potter. The film received generally positive reviews and earned Zellweger her sixth Golden Globe nomination. It was filmed in Cecil Court, Osterley Park, Covent Garden, the Isle of Man, Scotland and the Lake District. Miss Potter was released on 29 December 2006 so that the film could compete for the 2007 Academy Awards. 