 Death Defying Acts (2007)431) On a tour of Britain in 1926, Harry Houdini (Guy Pearce) enters into a passionate affair with a psychic out to con him. During Harry Houdini's (Guy Pearce's) tour of Britain in 1926, the master escapologist enters into a passionate affair with a Scottish psychic. The psychic and her daughter attempt to con Houdini during a highly publicized sance to contact his mother whose death has haunted him for many years. However, all does not go to plan. 1926. Famed escape artist Harry Houdini (Guy Pearce) has spent much of his energy of late trying to expose charlatans claiming to have paranormal/psychic powers. As such, he is offering a ten thousand dollar award to anyone who can recite his mother's dying words to him from several years earlier, those words which he has written in a sealed envelope and his mother to whom he was very close. Edinburgh based con-artist Mary McGarvie (Catherine Zeta-Jones), who largely works with her teenaged daughter Benji (Saoirse Ronan), senses an opportunity for that ten thousand dollars when she learns that Houdini will be in Edinburgh, Scotland on his latest tour. One of Mary and Benji's scams is to perpetrate having psychic powers in a stage show using previously gleaned information, often through nefarious means. Mary believes she and Benji can work such a scam on Houdini, which requires them getting close to him to find out as much about him as they can. Upon Houdini's arrival in Edinburgh, they find that an unforeseen obstacle is getting through Houdini's manager, Sugarman (Timothy Spall). As Mary and Benji do manage to get close to Houdini, they and Houdini will find that what happens is not quite what they were expecting. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Times are tough for theatrical performer Mary McGarvie (Catherine Zeta-Jones) for in her psychic stage act that she performs in Edinburgh with her daughter Benji (Saoirse Ronan) for all the scamming they do to secure the necessary information to put one over on their audiences, the theatres close and the two are left to live in the caretaker's house in a cemetery. When Mary discovers that the great Harry Houdini (Guy Pearce) is touring the Scottish Iles and will do a show in Edinburgh she is interested in meeting him, especially since the great magician has advertised that he will give $10,000 dollars to the person who can connect to the spiritual world. Houdini has spent the last few years uncovering all the fake mentalist he has met to communicate with his dead mother. He is carrying guilt at not being present when his mother died and when he meets Mary at an audition he his struck by how much she looks like his departed mom. Mary and Benji spend many days with Houdini and his manager Mr. Sugarman (Timothy Spall) trying to discover personal facts that they can use to convincingly present some sance for the great Houdini, but Mary and Harry fall in love and the emotional connection changes between them. 