 An Inconvenient Truth (2006)44) Filmmaker Davis Guggenheim follows Al Gore on the lecture circuit, as the former presidential candidate campaigns to raise public awareness of the dangers of global warming and calls for immediate action to curb its destructive effects on the environment. A documentary on the threat that climate change poses to the Earth - it's causes, effects and history and potential solutions to it. Presented by Al Gore through a lecture that he has given to audiences across the globe, plus through more introspective moments. grantss Without a doubt, the destruction of the environment has triggered the gradual decline of our world. However, not all hope is lost. Surprisingly, humankind still can reverse this situation, following the lead of dedicated activists. With this in mind, director Davis Guggenheim documents the campaign and the effort of the former United States Vice President, Al Gore , to raise awareness of the devastating consequences and effects of global climate change. Through "An Inconvenient Truth", shocking facts come to light, as well as potential solutions to avoid the inevitable. Nick Riganas Director Davis Guggenheim eloquently weaves the science of global warming with Mr. Gore's personal history and lifelong commitment to reversing the effects of global climate change. A longtime advocate for the environment, Gore presents a wide array of facts and information in a thoughtful and compelling way. " Al Gore strips his presentations of politics, laying out the facts for the audience to draw their own conclusions in a charming, funny and engaging style, and by the end has everyone on the edge of their seats, gripped by his haunting message," said Guggenheim. An Inconvenient Truth is not a story of despair but rather a rallying cry to protect the one earth we all share. "It is now clear that we face a deepening global climate crisis that requires us to act boldly, quickly, and wisely," said Gore. Plantation Productions It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 