 Then She Found Me (2007)44) April, 39, wants a baby but her husband leaves her. When her adoptive mother dies, she's contacted by her bio mom, a TV talk show host. April starts seeing the divorced dad of one of her students at school. 39-year-old April Epner's childish husband and school teacher colleague Benjamin/Ben leaves her, but with her biological clock ticking ever more loudly. Her dying bossy adoptive mother is very vocal about her disappointment, while her natural son Freddy, a doctor, is most understanding. Shy but fascinating British author Frank meets April, his doted son Jimmy Ray's teacher, which soon leads to a full-flung affair. At the same time April's birth mother Bernice Graves locates her and begins attempting to establish a relationship. On top of all these balls in the air, April discovers she's finally expecting Ben's baby. KGF Vissers Thirty-nine year old Jewish-American Brooklyn elementary schoolteacher April Epner is at a crossroads in her life. Married to her fellow schoolteacher - who has the class across the hall from hers - and longtime best friend Ben Green for ten months, April is desperate to have a child, she knowing said child will be a daughter, their attempts so far unsuccessful. April will not even consider adoption as she has always felt that there was a different relationship between herself and her overbearing adoptive mother, Trudy Epner, than between Trudy and her biological son, April's brother Dr. Freddy Epner, those differences stemming from "blood". April is taken aback when Ben tells her that despite always considering her his best friend, he is ill prepared to be married and wants a divorce, only then she realizing that despite the easy temptation to fall back into his arms and bed if he asked, that he is an irresponsible man child. To prevent further complications, Ben, without telling April beforehand, quit his job, leaving her to take over his class until another teacher can be hired. The day after this news, Trudy passes away. At Trudy's graveside service, April sees a man she doesn't recognize, "Alan" who she will learn representing her biological mother who had tracked her down a few years ago and was waiting until the appropriate time to make contact. She is minor celebrity Bernice Graves, a local television daytime talk show host. While April contemplates what to do about Bernice entering her life, she slowly begins a relationship of sorts with Frank, a writer and the divorced father of one of her students. With these new developments in her life, April cannot help but compare the old and the new - Trudy to Bernice and in turn who she herself will be as a mother, and Ben to Frank, with who she is falling in love - with the question mark still being what she will do about that child as her biological clock continues to count down. Huggo A New York schoolteacher hits a midlife crisis when, in quick succession, her husband leaves, her adoptive mother dies and her biological mother, an eccentric talk show host, materializes and turns her life upside down as she begins a courtship with the father of one of her students. CartmanKun@aol.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 