 House (20042012)761) An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits. The series follows the life of anti-social, pain killer addict, witty and arrogant medical doctor Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) with only half a muscle in his right leg. He and his team of medical doctors try to cure complex and rare diseases from very ill ordinary people in the United States of America. Samtroy The series follows a team of diagnosticians at "Princeton Plainsboro teaching hospital", led by misanthrope medical genius, Gregory House, M.D. (Hugh Laurie). Dealing with drug addiction and poor people skills, House is tasked with diagnosing the undiagnosable. Garreth Lupke Focusing on the main character, the clever, antisocial, and incredibly intelligent Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), who is crippled in his right leg, and because of which, has a painkiller addiction. The series follows him, along with his team of doctors, who specialize in diagnostic medicine, as they solve bizarre and almost impossible cases. It also shows Dr. House's relationships between his colleagues, Dr. James Wilson (Robert Sean Leonard), the goody two-shoes and sincere oncologist, and House's employer, the beautiful Dr. Lisa Cuddy (Lisa Edelstein). The series elaborated on Dr. House's struggle with the chronic pain in his leg, paired with his drug addiction, his lonely love life, his impatient determination to solve every puzzle he encounters, and included some witty comedy as he interacted with arrogant patients and other people throughout his day. Karah Allred Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) is the Head of Diagnostic Medicine at Princeton-Plainsboro Hospital in New Jersey. His, and his team's, job is to solve extreme cases, where the cause of the patient's symptoms has eluded other doctors. He is a genius, with a rare gift for deduction and diagnosis, and a love for solving puzzles. He is also a very unorthodox, obnoxious man, a man who deliberately and successfully puts people off-side. grantss This long-running medical drama follows the professional and personal life of Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) - a witty, arrogant, rule-breaking, self-destructive, pain-pill addicted, but genius, diagnostician at the fictional Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. House and his team of doctors work against the clock to diagnose and treat patients when other doctors can't seem to figure out what's wrong with them, often resorting to unorthodox methods based on House's hunches on the patients, their families, or his own personal experiences. Hunter Logan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) is a maverick medical genius who heads a team of young diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital in New Jersey. Most episodes start with a cold open somewhere outside the hospital, showing the events leading to the onset of symptoms for that week's patient. The episode follows the team in their attempts to deduce the illness causing the patient's problems. The team arrives at diagnoses using the Socratic Method and differential diagnosis, with House guiding the deliberations. House often discounts the information and opinions from his underlings, assuming their contributions to miss relevant unconsidered factors. The patient is usually misdiagnosed two or three times over the course of each episode, almost always including such diseases as sarcoidosis, and treated with medications appropriate to those diagnoses that cause further complications. Often the ailment cannot be easily deduced because the patient has lied about symptoms and circumstances, lied about having an affair that led to the mystery disease, about an underlying disorder that led to the mystery disease, about jobs that led to the mystery disease, and so on. As a result House frequently mutters, "Everybody lies," or proclaims during the team's deliberations, "The patient is lying." Even when not stated explicitly, this assumption guides House's decisions and diagnoses. House's begrudging fulfillment of his mandatory walk-in clinic duty is a recurring subplot on the show. During clinic duty, House confounds patients with eccentric bedside manner and unorthodox treatments but impresses them with rapid and accurate diagnoses after seemingly not paying attention. He often plays video games on his Nintendo Game Boy Advance SP (later in the series he plays on a Nintendo DS and after that a PSP) while patients talk to him, and in one episode House diagnoses multiple patients in the waiting room in under five minutes on his way out of the clinic. Realizations made during some of the simple problems House faces in the clinic often help him solve the main case of the episode ironic, because he claims to hate working in the clinic. 