 En la Cama (2005)44) A young man and woman have a sensual, one-night stand in a motel room where they confide in each other about their troubled lives. Can strangers connect? Can casual sex become something else? In Santiago, Daniela and Bruno, both about 30, meet at a party, go to another and end up in a hotel. We join them there as passion becomes talk: do they know each other's name, have they been to hotels with others? There's some playfulness, more sex, a bath, pillow fights, condom problems, stories from their past, conflict. Each gets a phone call, each intrudes on the other's privacy. As the night wanes, will there be anything else? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Set entirely in a motel room, two young middle-class people are seen making love. They met while leaving a party and do not know each other's names. The man and woman eventually tell each other their names; he is Bruno and she is Daniela. As the night progresses in between having sex with each other, they share more details of their lives, their sorrows and their fears. Bruno pretends that his girlfriend, who rings him up on his cellphone, is his ex and admits that he is moving to Belgium for a post-graduate study. Daniela admits that her boyfriend can be abusive and violent, but she is going to marry him anyway. From initial passion they have moved to confidences, even tenderness, yet Daniela insists that it will remain her last fling before matrimony. Having met a few hours earlier in a bar, the perfect strangers, Bruno and Daniela, rent a room in a cheap motel to make love. Indeed, the young lovers don't know anything about each other, and as sex becomes conversation--sharing their intimate dreams, yearnings, and fears while in bed--fragile Bruno and Daniela find themselves balancing between truth and lie, love and hatred, trust and distrust. What will the first ray of light bring? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 