 A Lobster Tale (2006)Summaries A fisherman with a dysfunctional family discovers some moss with magical properties. Cody Brewer, a quiet New England fisherman isn't doing too well for himself. His wife feels neglected, and his son keeps getting picked on by the school bully. While out collecting his lobster traps one day, Cody finds a strange green moss that holds magical powers. Once word gets out about the magical moss, the entire town suddenly becomes Cody's best friend, all hoping to get a piece of it. With the townspeople clamoring for some moss and the already delicate state of the Brewer family, Cody has a tough time figuring out exactly what to do. Anonymous Cody Brewer is an independent New England lobster man. What he earns and what his wife of twenty years, Martha Brewer, earns as a waitress in a wharfside diner in combination is just enough to put food on the table and a roof over their heads, but not enough for the little luxuries in life. Martha does not mind their near poverty as she never expected a life of extravagance in marrying him, but she does wish that he would pay her more attention than he does his lobsters, attention such as that paid to her by her coworker Eddie. Their preteen son, Jake Brewer, however does mind their near poverty not only for not being able to purchase what he considers the basics in life, such as pair of pants that fit as opposed the ones he owns which are much too short and frayed at the bottom, but also in always having to defend himself and their family against the continual taunts, especially from older classmate Timmy Brock, whose wealthy father owns the town's clothing store. One day while out lobstering, Cody pulls up in his lobster trap some unusual bright green moss. Not knowing what it is, he decides to save it rather than throw it back into the ocean. Learning the hard way, he finds that it has restorative powers, a bright light emitting from the piece of moss used before it disappears forever. Everyone who learns of the moss is incredulous as to Cody's claim until they either witness its power first hand or until the stories become so widespread to become fact in their minds. By that time, Cody has what he estimates is enough moss for one or two more "miracles" as people come out of the woodwork wanting the moss for their minor ailments - such as bunions or shin splints - or for some purpose that would benefit them professionally. Cody, however, wants to keep the moss until he feels someone really needs it. Through all the pressure placed on the Brewer family because of the moss, Cody, Martha and Jake may come to a place in their lives of understanding what is truly important. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 