 The Triangle (2005)Summaries A shipping magnate hires four experts from various fields to investigate what happened to his ships that went missing in the Bermuda Triangle. The team discovers a threat that might unravel time itself and cause the world to end. While chasing a whaler, the Greenpeace boat sinks with the vessel, pulled by a mysterious force underwater and only Meeno Paloma survives. Meanwhile, after the disappearance of six ships in the Bermuda Triangle in one year, the millionaire owner of the Mineral Shipping Lines Eric Benerall hires the skeptical journalist of The Observer Howard Thomas; the scientist Bruce Geller; the offshore engineer Emily Patterson and the psychic Stan Lathem to investigate the reasons for the phenomenon in the area. If the team succeeds in their quest for the truth, each one would receive five million dollars. They find a high-tech underwater facility from the Navy, and each one of them has glimpses of alternative reality after their discovery. They conclude that the experiment conducted by the Navy is affecting the electromagnetic balance of the ocean, while trying to find a way to close the dimensional tear opened by the Philadelphia Experiment. But they believe that the procedure actually will open the Pandora Box and destroy the world. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With his crews and cargo ships disappearing at an alarming rate around the Bermuda Triangle, a billionaire hires a crew full of specialists to understand why. Hand picked by the man himself, the crew consists of a skeptical journalist, an ocean engineer, a scientist, and a psychic. With an attractive financial offer made to each of them, the crew will investigate the legendary, and very mysterious Bermuda Triangle to find answers. But as their findings deepen, the crew finds themselves surrounded by bizarre occurrences that only become all the more nightmarish. The offers made to them may have seem ideal at the time, but now they may have gotten in over their heads against something they may not understand. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 