 Unhitched (2005)321) A guy tries to help his best friend win the attention of the girl of his dreams. After Olly Pickering and his youth friend and dorm mate Murray graduate, Olly, a promising author, gets a contract and advance, which somehow kills his nerve, even about using urinals. Writer's block forces him to move into professionally successful Murray's Soho (London) spare room and take a crappy job as publishing research assistant. Asked as New York trip friend James's London wedding best man, Oly falls in love at the bachelor party. Alas the flirt turns out to be bride Sarah. Olly would graciously walk away, but sassy Murray keeps arranging, resourcefully, for them to meet and in the process gets on with her bitchy sister. Olly's moral reserve is reconsidered when James admits he isn't monogamous. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Olly Pickering and Murray (Jacob Moriarty and Callum Williams) become best friends when they were little until Olly goes to university. Olly (Stuart Townsend) meets James (Steve John Shepherd) there. Murray (Seth Green) vomits all over James, so they will hate each other forever. Olly writes the two first chapters of a novel, and an editor (Simon Callow) pays him 50,000 to have it finished. But he gets writers' block, so he loses all his money. He will find a job in London, being assistant to Dana (Anna Chancellor) an editor of self-help books for women. James is going to marry in London and gives a party which he invites Olly to. Olly arrives late, and has been crapped by some pigeons on Trafalgar Square. He changes to some women's trousers, which get broken. James wants Olly to be his best man and write a good-fun speech. Olly feels out of place at the party. He is told off by Becka (Kate Ashfield) the rightful owner of his trousers, and to Sarah (Amy Smart) without knowing she's James' girlfriend. Olly falls in love with Sarah while looking at the wonderful urban landscape, but James thinks he's fallen in love with Becka. Stan (Martin Hancock) gives Olly a hard-core magazine for Murray. Harry (Stewart Wright), Tania (Jodhi May) and barrister Graham (David Oyelowo) discuss the matter in the pub. Murray will see to it that the wedding will be cancelled. Murray phones Sarah in Olly's behalf and they fix a date to see a film. Murray makes Sarah believe James is still a womanizer. Murray will also set Olly up with Sarah in Selfridges to see to the wedding list. He also phones James several times from Stan's porn shop, and appears at Becka and Sarah's flat saying that James has decided to sell it. Back at Selfriges, Olly watches in amazement how Dana tries on a wedding dress although she's supposed to be already married and in a meeting. Dana will give Olly the sack next day. Graham will talk to her trying to convince her to give Olly his job back. He doesn't convince her, but he ends up with a date with her. Sarah find some unkown red knickers which Murray had hidden to frame James, and she find the porn shop phone number in James' mobile phone, so she calls the wedding off. Murray give a surprise party for Olly- everybody is there except James. Murray admits he's plotted everything. Olly writes a letter for Sarah on James' behalf. James is going to make-believe that he's leaving for New York broken-hearted. Sarah falls in the trap and she says she'll marry him. Olly thinks he's done the right thing. Murray tells Olly that James has shagged somebody while already on a relationship with Sarah, but he doesn't believe it. Olly goes to James' stag party, which is a bit wild with two policewomen-dresses strippers (Bettina Abiwu and Andrea Bajor). James admits that he has been unfaithgul to Sarah, because she can't satisfy him completely, but he wants to marry her because her family has money and connections, and she's pretty. Olly wants to tell Sarah, but James handcuffs him to a pillar. When he gets free, he goes to the wedding place, preventing another wedding (Tom Ellis and Akia Henry) to happen while on his way. Murray is making a fool of himself trying to earn some time. Olly finally arrives, and with the help of Becka, who says that James has been unfaithful with his secretary (Aranka Rnai) and she blames another girl (Katalin Botos). Finally, Sarah calls off the wedding. 6 months later, Becka and Murray get married, as will be Sarah and Olly. Olly will also return to writing and he'll produce a best-seller. 