 The Lookout (2007)541) Chris is a once promising high school athlete whose life is turned upside down following a tragic accident. As he tries to maintain a normal life, he takes a job as a janitor at a bank, where he ultimately finds himself caught up in a planned heist. An admired high school hockey player with a bright future foolishly takes a drive in the night with his girlfriend and two other friends with his headlights off with devastating results. The former athlete is left with a brain injury that prevents him from remembering many things for extended periods of time. To compensate, he keeps notes in a small notebook to aid him in remembering what he is to do. He also lives with a blind friend who aids him. Obviously, with the mental incapacitation, he is unable to have meaningful work. Thus he works as a night cleaning man in a bank. It is there he comes under the scrutiny of a gang planning to rob the bank. The leader befriends him and gets him involved with a young woman who further reels him in. After they get close and after reeling him in with his own failures, the bank plan unfolds. Confused but wanting to escape his current existence, he initially goes along with the scheme. After realizing he is being used, he attempts to stop the robbery, which of course immediately goes awry. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Since reckless driving 'to impress them' killed Chris Pratt's passengers and left him a memory-impaired half-wit, he lives with resourceful blind Lewis, takes a course and hopes against hope for promotion from cleaner to teller in a bank. Cool Gary Spargo recruits Chris, whom he convinces to be getting such a bad deal the world owes him, as look-out to help his violent gang rob the local bank branch. After a promise he may try out as teller, Chris wants to bail out, but is now forced to betray his real friends and see some hurt. After a shoot-out, surprises follow for Chris, he physically got away with the loot, and Gary, who is confident to roll over him easily again, even gun-wounded. KGF Vissers Up until four years ago, the world was Chris Pratt's oyster - from a well off Kansas City family, he was a promising young hockey player - but an automobile accident caused by his recklessness resulted in among other things he sustaining a brain injury. While that injury manifests itself in many ways, the most problematic for him is that he often forgets things, and when he does remember, he usually doesn't remember the proper sequencing, which results in he having to write things down in a notebook he carries with him all the time. He lost many people in his life an outcome of the accident, with his best friend and biggest supporter now being his roommate Lewis, a blind man who was also going through the social work process at the same time. While Chris' parents still provide him with some financial support, they provide little true emotional support which acerbic tongued Lewis can see more clearly than Chris. Obtained through his life skills class, Chris has a job as the nighttime janitor at a branch of the Noel State Bank and Trust in rural Redpath County, the bank where he, with the help of the chief teller Mrs. Lange, hopes to become a teller himself, something he will probably never be able to convince the branch manager, Mr. Tuttle. Chris' only other true friend is the County Deputy Sheriff Ted, who stops by the bank every working evening to bring Chris doughnuts and shoot the breeze. Out at a bar one evening in an attempt to socialize himself especially with women, Chris runs into Gary Spargo who went to school with Chris' sister. Gary and Chris become friends, and it is through Gary that Chris meets Luvlee Lemons, the first woman who has shown him any interest since the accident. It isn't until Chris becomes ensconced within Gary's social circle, including being intimate with Luvlee, that he discovers that their meeting was not by chance as Gary and his friends had been planning on robbing a bank - Chris' bank - and require his help in pulling off the heist. Gary is able to convince Chris that he can regain much of the life lost from the accident by his share of the heist. The question then becomes if Chris will be able to see through Gary's lies before it's too late, his life and that of those close to him at risk in the process. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Driving with his headlights off down a country highway, to show his girlfriend, Kelly, and another couple the swarms of fireflies illuminated in the summer night, Chris Pratt crashes his convertible into a combine stalled on the road. Chris and Kelly survive, but the other two do not. Chris's injuries include brain damage that affects his short-term memory in the form similar to anterograde amnesia, along with some anger management issues. Four years later, he's in classes to learn new skills, including the simple sequencing of daily tasks to compensate for his inability to remember, and keeps notes to himself in a small notebook. Challenged by a tough case manager to build a life despite his injuries, he is emotionally supported by his roommate, a blind man named Lewis, but receives only financial support from his wealthy family. He works nights, cleaning a small-town bank, with regular visitations from Ted, a sheriff's deputy. Chris aspires to train as a teller, but the bank manager, Mr. Tuttle, can barely hide his contempt for Chris's ambitions. It is there Chris comes under the scrutiny of a gang planning to rob the bank. Their leader, Gary, who knows him from high school and resented his wealth and popularity as a hockey star before his accident, befriends him and uses a young woman, Luvlee, to seduce him. Taunted by the gang about the limitations of his life since the accident, he initially goes along with the scheme. His frustrations trickle down into confrontations with his friends, Lewis and Ted. When the gang arrives the night of the robbery, Chris tells them he has changed his mind. But they tell him it's too late and force him to empty the vault at gunpoint. His friend Ted, the deputy, stumbles into the robbery while delivering doughnuts to Chris, and triggers a shootout. The deputy and two of the gang members, Marty and Cork, are killed. Meanwhile Chris escapes in the getaway car, and when he realizes he's got the money they stole, he returns compulsively to the site of his accident, where he buries the money roadside. Gary is seriously wounded and gets away with the other bank robber, Bone. When Chris returns to his apartment he sees the lights on and realizes something is wrong, and when he calls discovers Gary and Bone have taken Lewis hostage to get the money back. Chris, using his new sequencing skills, hatches a plan to stay alive and save his friend. But the robbers catch him napping at the place they arranged to meet, and they force him to take them to the site of the buried cash. While Chris digs in the snow to retrieve the money, Gary's condition is rapidly deteriorating. Chris gives one of two bags to Bone, who is preparing to execute Lewis, but Chris uses the shotgun he stashed in the other bag to shoot and kill Bone before he can react. Gary collapses and dies. Chris returns the money and turns himself in, but the investigation by the FBI concludes that he was not responsible due to his medical state - and because the robbers failed to disconnect the video surveillance in the bank, allowing the FBI to see the gang forcing Chris to act at gunpoint. In the aftermath, Chris and Lewis reconcile, and open a restaurant together with a loan from the bank. Chris hopes Kelly will forgive him for the loss of her leg in the accident, and that one day he will find the courage to talk to her again. 