 Silk (2007)431) The story of a married silkworm merchant-turned-smuggler in 19th century France traveling to Japan for his town's supply of silkworms after a disease wipes out their African supply. During his stay in Japan, he becomes obsessed with the concubine of a local baron. A married silkworm smuggler, Herve Joncour, in 19th Century France who travels to Japan to collect his clandestine cargo. While there he spots a beautiful Japanese woman, the concubine of a local baron, with whom he becomes obsessed. Without speaking the same language, they communicate through letters until war intervenes. Their unrequited love persists however, and Herve's wife Helene begins to suspect. Anonymous In 1862, the son of the mayor of a French village, Herv Joncour, is invited by the silk entrepreneur Baldabiou to travel to Africa to bring healthy silkworm eggs for his factory. Herv first marries his beloved bride Hlne Joncour and then he travels in the long journey. He succeeds, makes fortune and is invited to travel again to trade silkworm eggs in a longer journey to Japan. He is received by the local baron in a secret spot and falls in love for his Chinese concubine. Herv returns to Hlne, but remains obsessed with the concubine. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens showing an unidentified woman bathing in a hot spring as an unidentified man describes a woman's skin. Herv (Michael Pitt), in 19th century 1860s France, is a military officer, because that is what his father wants. He is happy when he gets the opportunity to change his profession from enlisted soldier to that of trader of silkworm eggs. Because in Europe silkworms are affected by a disease (pbrine), he is sent to Africa to get healthy eggs. (The film shows only a brief desert scene.) Since the African silkworms are affected too, he is sent to Japan, even though at that time (the Bakumatsu period) almost all of Japan was off-limits to foreigners. The journey is by carriage and train, a caravan of horses through Europe, then Asia, the boat trip from the Asian continent to Japan, and guided, blindfolded, on horseback to the Japanese village where he can buy the eggs from a local baron, Hara Jubei (Koji Yakusho). During his stay in the village, Herv becomes obsessed with Jubei's unnamed concubine (Sei Ashina). On his second journey there, she gives him a note in Japanese, and he has sex with another girl handed to him by her. Having traded more eggs than on his first trip, Herv delays his departure by two days in the hope of seeing the girl again. Back home in France, Herv's love obsession to the nameless Japanese girl remains secret, and though he seems happy with his wife, Hlne (Keira Knightley), they remain childless. Herv seeks out a French-Japanese brothel owner in Lyon, Madame Blanche (Miki Nakatani), known for giving the small blue flowers that she wears to her clients, who translates the note for him as: "Come back or I shall die". Madame Blanche advises Herv to "forget about her, she won't die". During Herv's third trip to Asia, the silk entrepreneur Baldabiou (Alfred Molina) wants to send him to China, since Japan is no longer safe, and good eggs are now available in China. Regardless of the politics in Japan, Herv insists on going there anyway. When he arrives in Japan, however, war has broken out and the village is abandoned; Jubei and the girl are not there. Jubei's young servant boy (Kanata Hongo), whom Herv has met before, shows Herv where Jubei and his household have gone. When Jubei sees Herv he becomes hostile and tells Herv to go home to France. Before he leaves, Herv discovers that Jubei had the boy executed (by hanging) for showing Herv where to find them. Without seeing the girl, Herv leaves Japan, managing to buy some silk eggs in Sakata, and returns home. Unfortunately his side trip has delayed his departure until too late in the season, and before reaching France Herv discovers that the eggs have hatched and all the silk caterpillars have died. As a result, three of the silk mills are forced to close down. To employ the village, Herv decides to build Hlne's garden instead. Months later, Herv receives a long letter from the mysterious concubine, written in Japanese. He again takes the letter to Madame Blanche for translation, who agrees, providing Herv never comes to see her again. The letter is a deeply moving declaration of love. Hlne becomes ill and eventually dies. After her death, Herv finds a tribute of small, blue flowers on her grave. He seeks out Madame Blanche once more, believing her to have written the letter, but Madame Blanche reveals to him that Hlne had written the letter. Hlne had asked Madame Blanche to translate the letter into Japanese, knowing that her husband was in love with a Japanese woman, and wanting him to be happy. Madame Blanche tells Herv that, more than anything, his wife wanted to be that woman. Too late, Herv finally realizes that it was Hlne who was his true love after all. The film ends with Herv, fated to remain childless and alone, recounting his story to Ludovic (Mark Rendall) - a young protege since childhood and now Hlne's gardener - on a bench in Hlne's garden. Henceforth, Ludovic can now appreciate the real story behind Hlne's garden. 