 Phir Milenge (2004)Summaries Tamanna Sahni (Shilpa Shetty) is a dedicated staff member of a top advertising agency; her ideas and designs have mainly contributed to the agency's success. She leaves for a college reunion and meets her college sweetheart Rohit (Salman Khan). They rekindle their love and share some intimate moments. Eventually Rohit leaves and Tamanna settles back into her daily routine. When her sister Tanya has an accident she decides to give her own blood to save her, until Dr. Raisingh (Revathi) tells her she has tested positive for HIV. Tamanna's world turns upside-down and she desperately tries to contact Rohit, but in vain. Her situation is soon spread around the office and she loses her job. Angered by her unfair dismissal she searches for a lawyer to fight her case. Eventually Tarun Anand (Abhishek Bachchan) agrees to represent her. The rest of the story shows if Tarun can help destroy the prejudice put upon Tamanna. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Tamanna is a charming 26-year-old woman who breathes fresh air into the lives of everyone she meets. She works in an advertising agency and her fresh, innovative ideas have made the agency successful. At her college reunion, she meets Rohit and in the romantic setting of the college, love blooms between them, but they lose touch with each other afterward. When her life is in crisis she tries unsuccessfully to contact Rohit. She loses her job and her life comes to a standstill. Then a young man named Tarun brings a ray of hope into her life. Sujit R. Varma Tamanna Sahni is an accomplished business executive, lives with her radio-broadcaster sister Tanya, leads a fairly upper-middle-class life, and has a sweetheart in the U.S.: Rohit Manchanda. She is thrilled to find out that Rohit has returned and they have a joyful, intimate reunion, but Rohit returns to the U.S. and isn't heard of again. Six months later, as Tamanna is leaving for an important meeting, Dr. Raisingh summons her to the hospital: Tanya has been in an accident. Tammana hurries to the hospital and donates some of her blood to save her sister. A few days later, she gets another phone call from Dr. Raisingh, and this one turns her life upside-down. She loses her job, her contacts,, and her friends; her employer accuses her of not performing properly, and the only way she can get someone to hear her story is by going to Court. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 