 Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna (2006)55) Dev, a former football player is married to Rhea, a successful fashion editor. Maya is a kindergarten teacher who is married to Rishi, an outgoing event planner. These couples' lives intersect and they each question their own marriage. Dev Saran is a disgruntled former footballer who is jealous of his wife Riya's successful career as a fashion magazine editor. Maya Talwar is a kindergarten teacher married to her childhood buddy Rishi. Rishi is a passionate and affectionate husband but Maya is unable to reciprocate his love because of the lack of feelings towards him. A chance encounter brings Dev and Maya together. Since their respective marriages are falling apart, they decide to help each other to salvage their marriages, blissfully unaware of what the forces of love have in store for them. What starts as a pleasant friendship develops into love and an extramarital affair which soon throws the relations between the two couples in turmoil. Soumitra Dev Saran lives in the United States of America. He is a soccer star and is married to Riya, who works and models for a magazine. Thinking that he is perfect with the game of soccer he accepts a contract for $5 million to play professional soccer, but meets with an accident, fractures his leg, and gets disqualified. Because he is now a handicapped man he must depend on his wife for a living. He stays home all the time brooding on his ill-luck. He also starts suspecting his wife of having an affair. His suspicions turn into reality when he sees her with a man named Rishi. By chance, the two families of Rishi, his dad and his wife, together with Dev and Riya become friendly and get together. Dev disrupts everyone's lives when he openly accuses Riya of having an affair with Rishi. But later on the couple reconciles, and both families once again meet and everyone seems to be getting along well. Then at a dinner get-together, Dev tells everyone the earthshaking news that he is in love with Maya, which once again turns over the page that might lead to a deadly end. Who knows what the horoscope says. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna centers on the budding romance between Dev and Maya, who are both married to different people. Settled into a life of domestic ritual, and convinced that they are happy in their respective relationships, the protagonists still yearn for something deeper and more meaningful, which is precisely what they find in each other. From a relationship starting off in pleasant barbs, the two begin to acknowledge the feelings they have beneath the surface. When their feelings come to the forefront, what results is a collision of lives and emotions, affecting everyone involved and changing them forever. Anonymous New York-based football player meets with 'Diva' executive Riya, and they fall in love and marry; the next year they welcome their son Arjun. Dev is all set to sign a contract for $5 million to play professional football, but meets with an accident, fractures his leg, and gets disqualified. Riya takes it upon herself to look after the family, leaving Dev embittered. Then there are the Talwars, consisting of widower swinger dad Samarjit and his son Rishi. Samarjit arranges the marriage of Rishi with Maya, an orphan he has been looking after. This marriage does not result in any offspring. Both the Dev-Riya and Maya-Rishi marriages have their ups and downs, but they do patch-up. The Sarans and the Talwars meet, and everyone seems to be getting along well. Then at a dinner get-together, Dev tells everyone the earthshaking news that he is in love with Maya. Watch what develops after this blatant disclosure, and the impact this has on everyone. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 