 Fanaa (2006)44) A sweet blind girl Zooni meets a flirty Rehan. She ignores her friends' warnings. It's her time to discover life. Is she making the right love choice? Choices: to choose between right or wrong is simple, but what defines one's life is the decision between the greater of two goods or the lesser of two evils. This is the advice that Zooni Ali Beg (Kajol) receives from her father just as she is about to venture out into the world on her own for the very first time. Little does she know that these very words will shape her life. Zooni, a blind Kashmiri girl, meets Rehan Qadri (Aamir Khan), a local Delhi tour guide and an incorrigible flirt. Her friends warn her against this good-for-nothing roadside Romeo, but she chooses to ignore them. It is now her time to discover life and love. Is this really the right choice? Rehan is fascinated by Zooni and wants her to see life as it should be seen, in its many colours. He promises her that the time spent with him will be the most precious in all her life. Zooni sees Delhi, life, and love like she never has before, because of Rehan. What Zooni doesn't know is that Rehan has another side to his life--something that can not only change her life, but can also destroy it. Official Source Zooni, a blind Kashmiri girl, goes to perform in Delhi during a Republic Day event. She meets local guide Rehan Qadri, who tries to flirt with her. The day before Zooni is to leave, she and Rehan spend the night together and get physical. When Zooni boards her train, Rehan comes along and they visit doctors who promise they can cure her blindness. Zulfikar Ali and Nafisa Beg, her parents, arrive in the city to get them married. But a blast takes place in the city and Rehan is assumed dead. Malini Tyagi, an intelligence officer, finds that Rehan is not dead but was actually the bomb planter, working for a terrorist group. After 7 years Rehan is on another mission, gets severely injured, and lands in a house where he sees Zooni and his son Rehan. Zooni doesn't recognize him as she had never seen his face. Rehan does not disclose about him and claims to be from Indian Army. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Zooni Ali Beg is a blind Kashmiri girl who travels without her parents for the first time with a dance troupe to Delhi to perform in a ceremony for Independence Day. On her journey, she meets Rehan Khan, a Casanova and tour guide who flirts with her. Although her friends warn Zooni about him, she cannot resist falling in love with him and he takes her on a private tour of New Delhi. But there is more to Rehan than meets the eye, and Zooni will have to make a heartbreaking decision. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 