 My Name Is Earl (20052009)66) A ne'er do well wins $100,000 in the lottery and decides to right all the wrongs from his past with his newfound realization. Earl is a low-life who buys a winning lottery ticket, only to get hit by a car, losing the ticket in the process. He then realizes in the hospital that his bad luck is the result of karma in which fate punishes him for all the rotten things he's ever done in his life; therefore, he then decides to dedicate his life to making amends to all the people he has hurt in his life. B&M Earl Hickey was the kind of guy who did bad things and had a bad life. After he'd won $100,000 on a scratch card, he got hit by a car while jumping for Joy and lost it too. His hospital TV told him about karma, how if you do good things, good things will happen. This gave Earl an epiphany that turned his life and luck around. He decided to list all the bad things that he'd done in his life and one-by-one he'd make up for it. This hit US comedy, with a hilarious cast of colorful characters, shows us the bumpy journey Earl takes to improve his life. Phoebe Earl Hickey a complete low life but changes how he lives because of a $100.000 winning lottery ticket. Instead of stealing and mooching off everyone he decides karma must choose his fates. Also he decided he going to make up for every thing bad he's ever done. Following a near death experience after winning $100,000 on a scratch card, Earl, a life long criminal, has an epiphany about karma. With the help of his dim-witted brother, Earl dedicates his life, and his winnings, to crossing all the bad things he's done in life off his "Karma List". katiewitt-08977 Earl Hickey is a ne'er do well without a job or a direction in life. Instead, he spends his days drinking beer, stealing whatever isn't bolted down and being a leech on society. But when he wins the lottery of a lifetime, Earl thinks his luck may have just changed...until he's hit by a car. As he recovers in a hospital bed, Earl realizes that maybe the reason why he's there is because of a simple five letter word: karma. For every rotten thing he's done, a rotten thing comes right back to him; and the only way he can stop that is to make good for every bad deed. Having compiled a lengthy list of things he's done to people, Earl sets out to right all the wrongs from his past. All of this on the promise that maybe, he can enjoy his fortune once and for all, but only if he can finish the list first. Aiding him is his lifelong best friend and brother, Randy and an ensemble of characters to assist, observe, amuse, berate, or are just there for Earl Hickey. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 