 Dhoom (2004)541) A mysterious gang of bikers is on a robbing spree. ACP Jai gets Ali, a mechanic, to assist him in the case. With the clock ticking, it's up to them to nab the thieves red-handed. The tale begins in Mumbai where a sophisticated gang of robbers is sweeping through the city, giving nightmares to the police department. They come like wind, sweep the place and disappear on their hi-tech bikes - the slickest and fastest riding machines on the road. Officer Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) is brought in on the case. Soon he is on the trail of the robbers - a gang headed by Kabir (John Abraham), an evil perfectionist with an attitude. Jai ropes in the services of Ali (Uday Chopra), a happy-go-lucky garage mechanic and a prodigious bike rider. The two reluctant partners join forces, and soon Jai realizes that the clown can ride bikes like the wind. Kabir soon catches on to Jai-Ali's teaming up and his arrogance pushes him to take up the challenge openly. From the mean streets of Mumbai, the chase shifts to the sun kissed beaches of Goa. And so starts the hunt - where sometimes the hunter becomes the hunted. Dhoom reinvents the classic cops and robbers tale and brings it into the 21st century. With fast bikes, big action, non-stop fun and a thrilling story that leaves you out of breath, Dhoom is a powerhouse of adventure and excitement waiting to explode. It's like your favourite roller coaster ride - once you're on, the only thing you want to do is to go back and take that ride all over again. Official Source A gang of bikers headed by the cool-headed and arrogant Kabir is on a robbing spree in Mumbai. They rob establishments and then zip away on their super bikes. ACP Jai Dixit is the case in-charge and he recruits a bumbling bike mechanic and racer named Ali to chase the gang on a bike and help Jai nab them. Kabir accepts the challenge, and pulls off another robbery. This causes Jai and Ali to call it off. Jai resigns from the police force and Ali goes back to his daily job. Meanwhile Kabir has lost one of his team members and recruits Ali for their final job in Goa. The action shifts from the congested Mumbai traffic to the sunny Goa for the final showdown between cops and robbers. Mumbai is rocked by a series of hi-tech robberies, with the perpetrators being witnessed riding state of the art bikes with the loot, led by the suave and ruthless Kabir. This prompts the authorities to bring aboard the equally tough-as-nails ACP Jai Dixit to investigate the crime spree. Dixit deduces that to stop the gang, the police too must "start thinking like thieves", making Dixit get ace biker cum illegal parts dealer Ali to work with him. Although initially successful, Kabir takes this beating on his ego and challenges Dixit to a cat-and-mouse game which journeys from the streets of Mumbai to coasts of Goa, raising questions whose strategy would prevail at the end ? ankit-singh92 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dhoom starts with a bang, and continues with a lot more right until the end. The tale begins in Mumbai where a sophisticated gang of robbers is sweeping through the city, giving nightmares to the police department. They come like wind, sweep the place and disappear on their hi-tech bikes - the slickest and fastest riding machines on the road. Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), an honest police officer is brought in on the case. Soon he is on the trail of the robbers - a gang headed by Kabir (John Abraham), an evil perfectionist with an attitude. Jai ropes in the services of Ali (Uday Chopra), a happy-go-lucky garage mechanic and a prodigious bike rider. The two don't get along at first, but soon Jai realizes that the clown can ride bikes like the wind and decides to team up with him to try and bring the robbers to justice. Kabir soon catches up on Jai-Ali's teaming up and his arrogance pushes him to take up the challenge openly. From the mean streets of Mumbai, the chase shifts to the sun kissed beaches of Goa. And so starts the hunt... where sometimes the hunter becomes the hunted. Dhoom reinvents the classic cops and robbers tale and brings it into the 21st century. With fast bikes, big action, non-stop fun and a thrilling story that leaves you out of breath, Dhoom is a powerhouse of adventure and excitement waiting to explode. Its like your favourite roller coaster ride... once youre on, the only thing you want to do is to go back and take that ride all over again! Come let DHOOM take you to the ride of your life! 