 Being Flynn (2012)651) Working in a Boston homeless shelter, Nick Flynn re-encounters his father, a con man and self-proclaimed poet. Sensing trouble in his own life, Nick wrestles with the notion of reaching out yet again to his dad. Nick Flynn, in his 20s, hasn't found his place in the world yet, but hopes to be a writer. Around the time he takes a job at a homeless shelter in Boston, his father, Jonathan, who considers himself a great writer and who hasn't see Nick in years, abruptly makes fleeting contact. A few months later, the down-and-out Jonathan shows up at Nick's shelter and becomes a resident. This disorients Nick; he doesn't handle it well, compounded by Jonathan's belligerent behavior. Nick's memories of his mother, his budding relationship with a co-worker, and his own demons make things worse. Can anything improve? Is he his father's son? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Flynn who likes to writing that man thinks he is a masterpiece writer and he has a family but divorce and Flynn wrote a letter to his son (nick)every moment.nick also likes writing.oneday his mom suicide gunshot because she reads a nick story.life may goes to many ups and downs . Nick Flynn is a young writer seeking to define himself. His father Jonathan, however, scrapes through life on his own terms and has not seen his son in 18 years. Taking a job at a homeless shelter, Nick finds purpose in his own life and work, until one night Jonathan arrives seeking a bed. Nick Flynn is a young man who works at various homeless shelters in Boston. Unexpectedly, his long-absent father reaches out to him. Nick's mother has died and he is beginning a new relationship with a girl, Denise. The last person he wants to see is his father. Based on a true story. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The true story of a complex father/son relationship between Nick and his dad, Jonathan. During his twenties, Nick works at various homeless shelters in Boston, where he often intersects with his brilliant but troubled father. His father reaches out to him unexpectedly. Nick's mother has died and he is beginning a new relationship with a girl, Denise. The last person he wants to see is his father. But you can't outrun fate and slowly Nick comes to realize he has been given the chance to make a real future not only for himself, but for his struggling father too. 