 Expiation (1916)Summaries Jack Hammond on his return from college decides to spend his life assisting his mother in philanthropic schemes. His mother tells Jack the story of her life. Her father, an Englishman of wealth, found it necessary because of his business to live in Turkey, where she, his only child, spent the greater part of her time. At the outbreak of the Crimean War, the village near their home is captured by the Russians and burned. A group of officers enter their home and imbibe freely of wine. The girl is assaulted by one of them whose name she does not know. But as she tells her son the story she shows him an old-fashioned seal ring she found the next day. Jack vows to kill the man who ruined his mother's life should they ever meet. Later Jack begs his mother to go to America. They do. Alfred Gerard, a peace advocate of international reputation, lives in New York with his only child, Elsie. Gerard and Mrs. Hammond meet, as do Jack and Elsie. Jack falls in love with Elsie and admires her father for his ideals and exemplary life. Gerard, who is attracted by Mrs. Hammond, has built and endowed a home for fatherless children and their mothers over the portal of which is inscribed, "Let him that is without sin, cast the first stone." A fete is given to celebrate the opening of the home, and at that affair Jack and Elsie declare their love for each other. Jack goes to Gerard and learns that Elsie is not Gerard's daughter, but a waif. Gerard also tells a story of his earlier life, a repetition of the story told to Jack by his mother. Jack realizes that he is listening to the story of the man who blighted his mother's life, his own father. At the conclusion of his tale, Gerard tells Jack that the later years of his life have been devoted to expiation, and that he will never allow himself the solace of a woman's love. Jack finally goes to Gerard's home and thrusts under Gerard's eyes a seal ring. Gerard demands to know where Jack got the ring and Jack replies, "Twenty years ago my mother found this ring on the floor after you left her." Gerard staggers and cries, "You are my son." Which causes Jack to reply, "Yes, and I have sworn to kill you." Jack throws himself upon Gerard, who being the stronger, pushes Jack into a chair, saying, "You are right, my son, but I must not die by your hand." Gerard takes a revolver and leaves the house. Jack, who is watching, follows. Mrs. Hammond and Elsie are driving in the park. Gerard sees a lonely bench, raises the revolver, but falters. Mrs. Hammond sees this and rushes for the bench as does Jack. Mrs. Hammond arrives first and jogs Gerard's elbow with the result that he only receives a scalp wound and lapses into unconsciousness. Mrs. Hammond takes his head in her arms and declares her love for him. Jack tells Gerard that this expiation must take the form of making his mother happy, as she loves him. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 