 Jaan-E-Mann: Lets Fall in Love Again (2006)431) Follows a love triangle between Agastya, Suhaan and Piya. Suhaan receives divorce notice from his wife Piya as he as failed to pay the alimony.Agasthya enters their doorstep searching for Piya he was in love with her during college days but couldn't express it. Suhaan tries to get Agasthya and Piya closer that he doesn't have to pay her alimony and monitors their every move.He rents a apartment opposite her house and uses telescopes and binoculars to monitor her.Suhaan notices that Piya has a baby girl.Piya was pregnant when she left him as she didn't want her and baby to ruin his film career.Suhaan realizes his mistake but its to late as Piya and Agasthya are set to get engaged. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Good Shepherd College nerd, complete with eye-glasses and braces, Agastya Rao alias Champu, has a crush on Piya Goel, and is thrilled when she invites him to go to a dance, only to be heart-broken when he finds out that she really digs another guy. Years later, Agastya has graduated, re-located to the U.S. where he is an astronaut with NASA, and when he finds out that his college sweetheart is about to divorce her husband, decides to try his hand at wooing her. He gets the unsolicited help of one-time Bollywood wonder Suhaan Kapoor, who accompanies Agastya to New York, assists him in successfully wooing and proposing to Piya. On the night of their engagement, Agastya will find out that Suhaan only wanted to help him because of Section 25 of the Hindu Marriage Act - so that could relieve him of the financial burden of paying alimony to Piya, who was the girl he had secretly married much against the wishes of the entire Goel clan. Watch what happens when Suhaan finds out that he has a daughter named Suhaani - and that he still has strong feelings about Piya. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Salman Khan as usually is the "cool" guy in this move, and surprisely Akshay Kumar plays a really different role, not an action hero this time, not a funny guy (comedy), not a villain, but a nerd! You will really laugh hard you when you watch this awesome movie, super performance by all, especially Akshay Kumar as usually. When you hear him laugh in the movie, its just so funny, if you have not watched this move yet youve missed alot of good laughter! Its able to watch it on Google videos aswell, the whole film. Enjoy 