 The Gene Generation (2007)321) Michelle, an assassin to a new breed of killers (DNA Hackers), finds she has greater obstacles in her life... Family. In a futuristic world, Michelle battles every day with DNA hackers who use their skills to hack into people's bodies and kill them. She is an assassin, battling her past demons and trying to keep her extroverted younger brother out of trouble. When Jackie gets involved in a petty robbery, he propels himself into the world of DNA hackers, Shylocks (loan sharks) and gang fights. Wanting the respect that the world has never given him only makes it harder for Jackie to peel himself away from the underground trades, against his sister Michelle's hopes. Michelle always wanted to leave the city and lead a calm and quiet life. As emotions and gunfire get in the way, Michelle and Jackie are soon battling between their lives and discovering that in an immoral world, love can still survive and blood is thicker than water. Pearry Reginald Teo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Genetic Scientist Christian had developed a way to cure disease, and bring on a better life for all, but his hopes dashed when the group working with him decides to weaponize his creation. Decades later Christian has escaped the scientists that aimed to destroy DNA, but the technology still made its way out, and being used by DNA hackers on a basic level have created a new kind of death. Genetic manipulation has become a crime, and with that comes a form of retaliation. Michelle is a hired killer hunting down DNA Hackers, and killing them to gain her brother, and Herself freedom from the city walls. All Michelle wants is a nice quiet life, but has a brother whom does not believe in any hope, and is looking for the fast buck, and cheat thrill. He's got his price, and the scientists hunting Christian run across him after his theft of Christians' creation. Michelle , and Jackie are drawn into this end of the road plot allowing nobody but the strong to survive. Michelle looses her love, and her family, and come to her ends the only way she could. Alone. 