 Blood Creek (2009)44) A man and his brother on a mission of revenge become trapped in a harrowing occult experiment dating back to the Third Reich. In 1936, the Wollners - a German family living in rural Morgan County, West Virginia - are contacted by the Third Reich to host a visiting scholar, Professor Richard Wirth. In need of money, they accept Wirth into their home. Wirth's grand occult project seals the Wollners off from the rest of the world and makes them players in a horrifying game of survival. After 71 years, in 2007, Evan Marshall's life has stalled at twenty-five years old. Left without answers after his older brother Victor's disappearance from a camping trip near Town Creek, he has tried to move on. But when Victor returns one night, very much alive and having escaped his captors, Evan asks no questions - at his brother's request, he loads their rifles, packs up their boat and follows him back to Town Creek on a mission of revenge that will test them in every possible way... Anonymous In the 30s a Nazi (Fassbender) visits on a farmland of a German immigrant family in Virginia under the disguise of a scholar but underneath he wants to perform his experiments involving the occult because of a relic stone hidden on the farm. He is so deep into the black magic, he can bring dead birds back to life. Fast forward to latest era, a paramedic (Cavill) receives a visit one night from his brother (Purcell) who went missing for months in a forest. He takes his brother along with him back to the same farm where he had been held captive for extracting his revenge on the family that kept him there. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the early 30, Hitler and Third Reich dedicated to explore the occultism and in 1936 they sent emissaries to North America. In Morgan County, West Virginia the immigrant German family Wollner accepts to lodge the historian Richard Wirth in their farm for one month, receiving a large amount in return. Richard demonstrates a great interest in a Nordic runic stone the Wollners have in the barn. In the present day, the paramedic Evan Marshall misses his older brother Victor Alan Marshall that has vanished two years ago in the fields nearby Town Creek. Out of the blue, Victor appears in his house during the night, haired, dirty and tattered, and tells that he had been imprisoned for two years in the Wollner's farm. They take their weapons and return to the farm, where they discover that the Wollners have sealed off evil in their real estate and are paying a high price for this action. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 