 The Art of Travel (2008)321) Having called off his wedding, a high school graduate journeys alone to Central America, finding adventure with a ragtag group of foreigners who attempt to cross the Darien Gap in record time. High school grad. Conner Layne is about to marry his first love, but when wedding plans fail, he goes solo on his honeymoon to Central America, finding adventure with a ragtag group of foreigners who attempt to cross the Darien Gap in record time. lifeadventure Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Conner Layne, just graduating from the university, is a virgin about to be married. Just before the wedding, he discovers a selfie of his soon to be bride naked in bed with his best man. He breaks up with her at the wedding when saying what appears to be his wedding vows then directing the guests to see the photo in an envelope under their seats. Also in the early scenes are his sister, mother, and father. Conner then goes on a single honeymoon except, instead of going to Mexico as intended, he goes to Nicaragua with the intention of seeing the salt flats in Bolivia, the home country of his mother. In Nicaragua, he hides his money in the hotel but later the room is burglarized, stealing the money that he hid behind the mirror. He also finds that there's no running water in the shower. He meets two Dutch girls, Vopka and Sandra. They go out where he's pickpocketed and later robbed of his watch and even his shirt. He walks back past the Dutch girls ground floor hotel where they chat with him while topless (full frontal topless). If streaming, at 25 minute mark. He then travels alone to Panama where he meets a couple, Christopher and Darlene Loren, who tell them of their plans to cross the Darien Gap, which is thick jungle. He declines but they tell them where and when they are leaving. Conner changes his mind and meets them at an airstrip. There, they fly closer to the Darien Gap and then progress by a Jeep joined by Anna G-Spot (a Czech) and One Ball and Two Dogs, both men's nicknames. An extensive documentation of their journey in the jungle is in the film. The journey involves hacking jungle vegetation because there are no roads. Conner is met with practical jokes (spider placed on his face), retaliates with putting Icy Hot on Two Dog's butt, gets held at gunpoint by FARC rebels, and gets the Jeep overturned when a winch breaks. They emerge from the jungle having broken a world's record for crossing. Everyone splits up except Anna and Conner, who go together. Anna and Conner then tour Columbia, Cuzco, and Machu Picchu. There is a slightly lengthy filming of Machu Picchu from the ground. By now, Conner is 20, having been on the road for at least 1.5 years. Anna says she's much older ("robbing the cradle" as she says) but does not say how old, though she could be in her early 30's. They have a sexual relationship but frontal nudity is left to the imagination. Anna has to go back home to Prague because of a family emergency. Conner considers going but ends up telling Anna that he can't go. Conner then visits the Uyuni salt flats of Bolivia and sees a geyser in the Sol de Manana erupt, one that he believes erupts every 63 years. That makes him happy seeing such a rare event. He later finds out it erupts twice a day. He writes a book that is published. 