 A Winter in Paris (2006)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Georges (Eddy Mitchell) and Pierrot (Sagamore Stvenin) are two thiefs working in a team. Their last coup hasn't worked out, but when Georges goes free after five years in prison, Pierrot still manages to persuade him to work together again for a robbery of precious jewellery. The new coup seems to go flawless in the beginning, but soon problems arise, because there are simply too many people involved: Louise, owner of the stolen jewels (Pascale Arbillot), is too attractive for Pierrot to resist, the man from the insurance who gave the tip is getting more and more nervous and the jewel dealers want more than their fair share of the deal. So everything starts to fall apart and more and more of the key players wind up dead. First one of the two jewel dealers is shot by Pierrot, then the insurance man who gave the tip is tipped over his balcony by Pierrot to make it look like a suicide. Meanwhile Pierrot starts an affair with Louise, whose husband is dying, even accompanying her to the police to make her statement. When the second jewel dealer returns from selling some of the jewels he wants to keep the money for himself, so Georges and Pierrot kidnap his wife and keep her in an empty villa. Georges gets restless and tries to get the money from the dealer by force. But the dealer is so greedy that he rather kills Georges than give the money to him. He hides the body, but when the kidnapped wife is found, she is brought back home by the police who do not find Georges' hidden body. When the dealer tries to get rid of the body, Pierrot follows him and first forces him to dig a grave for Georges. The dealer begs for his life, but Pierrot shoots him mercilessly. When Pierrot goes back to the dealer's flat to find the money, he escapes only minutes before the police come, leaving one pack of dollars for the wife he had kidnapped. On Louise's husband's funeral the policeman tells Louise and Pierrot they are looking for Georges, who they think is the jewel thief. Louise calls the police idiots, and as Pierrot gets into their car to drive away with her, he hears his dead partner's voice inside his head, telling him to smile, after all it is spring time in Paris... 