 Tickets (2005)77) During a train journey from Central Europe to Rome, characters connect through casual encounters and set forth a story of love, chance and sacrifice. One single journey sparks many changes for many people. A train travels across Italy toward Rome. On board is a professor who daydreams a conversation with a love that never was, a family of Albanian refugees who switch trains and steal a ticket, three brash Scottish soccer fans en route to a match, and a complaining widow traveling to a memorial service for her late husband who's accompanied by a community-service volunteer who's assisting her. Interactions among these Europeans turn on class and nationalism, courtesy and rudeness, and opportunities for kindness. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Three separate but intertwined stories of passengers aboard a crowded Innsbruck to Rome train are presented. In the first story, an aging Italian professor of pharmacology, on business in Austria, has to, at the last minute, take the train home to Rome rather than fly as was his original plan. Although he has always considered himself a bit of a dreamer, he is dreaming more on this train trip than usual, most specifically romantic thoughts about the young executive assistant with the pharmaceutical company that rearranged his travel, she who he had not even met before she doing this task for him one hour prior to departure. His dreams are more powerful but knowingly less attainable as he gets older. Certain aspects of the trip at times bring him back to reality, including being seated across from a soldier, and noticing who seem to be a poor family huddled outside the dining room car where his seat has been reserved for the duration of the trip. In the second story, an unabashedly loud Italian woman on the far side of middle age is traveling with a young unrelated man, twenty-five year old Filippo, who seems to be at her beck and call. She feels entitled, as witnessed by sitting in reserved seats in first class on their second class tickets, and is belligerent against anyone questioning her about anything to which she feels entitled, which is more often than not. She does not like it when Filippo's attention strays anywhere away from her. Some aboard the train eventually learn the nature of their relationship. Despite his obligation to her, he begins to question his current lot in life and missed opportunities when he runs into some girls who knew him from his home town of Bracciano. And in the third story, three working class Scottish lads - Jamesy, Frank and Spaceman - are going to Rome to watch a Champions League Celtic vs. Roma football match. They have planned this trip for months although they can barely afford it as witnessed by they bringing food from the supermarket at which they work as their meals, and hoping to find free accommodation in Rome. In their exuberance, they want to be everyone's friends. Things change when they get into a financial bind. Being three diverse personalities, they have differing views of what to do about the situation, Frank who may get his way solely by virtue of being the loudest. Their thoughts about their situation ebb and flow even when they learn the truth about the cause of their problem, they needing to balance their own welfare and happiness on this trip against those less fortunate. Huggo Three highly acclaimed directors join together to direct three interwoven stories that take place during a journey from Central Europe to Rome. The characters connect through casual encounters and set forth a story of love, chance and sacrifice. One older businessman finds solace and a new insight into life when he is forced to wait at the train station due to bad weather. A young man is reminded of life's obligations but is also introduced to love. And three Scottish youths on their way to the football match of their dreams are forced to open their eyes and see the bigger picture. One single train journey sparks many changes for many people. This is a film about privilege and exclusion, and the reality of the value of just one ticket. This anthology film follows the tales of three different sets of people on the same train. While an aging Italian scholar ( Carlo Delle Piane ) thinks about a beautiful woman ( Valeria Bruni Tedeschi ) who assisted him during recent travels, a former soldier ( Filippo Trojano ) is sent on an unpleasant assignment. Elsewhere on the train, a group of Scottish soccer fans have an unusual encounter with a desperate Albanian family who have been avoiding the train's authorities. Three highly acclaimed directors - Ermanno Olmi , Abbas Kiarostami and Ken Loach - join forces to direct three interwoven stories that take place during a journey from Central Europe to Rome. The characters connect through casual encounters and set forth a story of love, chance and sacrifice. A aging biochemist finds solace and a new insight into life when he is forced to wait at the train station due to a terror alert. A young man is reminded of life's obligations but is also introduced to love. And three Scottish youths on their way to the football match of their dreams are forced to open their eyes and see the bigger picture. One single train journey sparks many changes for many people. This is a film about privilege and exclusion, and the reality of the value of just a ticket. Brilliantly entertaining and frequently hilarious, 'Tickets' invites you to climb aboard a trans-European express for three interwoven tales of love, chance and sacrifice. The journey proves unexpectedly eventful for several passengers - three boisterous and devoted Celtic fans on their way to the football match of their dreams; a young man assigned to mind a very demanding older woman; and a businessman who finds himself spellbound by a beautiful PR girl. Directed by three award-winning filmmakers - Ermanno Olmi , Abbas Kiarostami and Ken Loach - these spiritedly free -wheeling stories hurtle along to a rousing and jubilant conclusion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 