 Doc Martin (20042022)431) The trials and tribulations of Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes), a socially challenged doctor who moves from London to the picturesque village of Port Wenn in Cornwall. Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes), a London-based surgeon, relocates to the picturesque seaside village of Port Wenn, where he establishes himself as the area's general practitioner. He grew up in the area, having been raised by his now-widowed Aunt Joan Norton (Stephanie Cole). His reasons for leaving London and the high-paid life of a surgeon are not clear initially but related to a phobia he has. He soon meets several of the locals and eccentricity abounds. Martin's situation is made more difficult by what can only be referred as an almost complete lack of an acceptable bedside manner. He is gruff, abrupt, and intolerant, not only in issues related to medicine, but to life in general. He and the headmistress of the local school, Louisa Glasson (Caroline Catz), are clearly attracted to each other and, despite their awkwardness, slowly develop a relationship. garykmcd Make an appointment with the brilliant but socially awkward and neurotic Dr. Martin Ellingham (Martin Clunes). When Martin develops an aversion to blood, he abandons his career as a celebrated London surgeon and becomes the only doctor in a sleepy small town where his tactless manner soon has the whole town in an uproar. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Doc Martin" is a British television medical comedy drama series starring Martin Clunes in the title role as Doc Martin Ellingham. Created by Dominic Minghella, Mark Crowdy, and Craig Ferguson, the program is set in the fictional seaside village of Portwenn, filmed on location in the actual village of Port Isaac, Cornwall, United Kingdom. Doc Martin arrives at his new position to find his office in chaos, including an incompetent receptionist. The program revolves around Ellingham's interactions with the local Cornish people and patients he treats. Despite his medical excellence, he is gruff, abrupt, and has little to no social skills. His brusque speaking pattern and emotionless interactions offend most of the people he comes across. Most perceive him to be short tempered and lacking in a bedside manner. He exhibits no patience for small talk and simple niceties. He is an excellent doctor, though, with impeccable credentials and skills far surpassing a general practitioner's. The towns people eventually discover his fear of blood and notice his frequent and debilitating bouts of nausea and vomiting that it causes. However, Doc Martin proves to be an expert diagnostician and responds effectively to various emergencies in his medical practice and gains a grudging respect from the villagers. The seasons run between 2004 and 2017. The eighth and most recent season aired on ITV in September 2017 and streamed in the United States on Public Television and Canada on Acorn TV. Season 9 began filming in Port Isaac in March 2019. In Season 9, he is scrutinized by the General Medical Council following complaints about his irascible approach to patients. It's not clear whether Season 9 is the final season, but Clunes hopes to return for more episodes Clunes said, "We love going to Cornwall to make 'Doc Martin,' and we miss it when we are not there. The county is so beautiful, and the people have been so warm and welcoming to us. It is the best job in television." In 2004, Doc Martin won the British Comedy Award for "Best TV Comedy Drama", having also been nominated as "Best New TV Comedy". In the same year, Martin Clunes won the "Best TV Comedy Actor" award, primarily for his portrayal of Doc Martin. Recurring cast members are Caroline Catz playing Doc Martin's wife, Louisa Ellingham, who resigned from her job as headmistress at the local school to pursue a new career in child counseling. Romantic interactions between them are strained due to his persona many times, and he often spoils rare tender moments between the two. The cast overall is consistent each season. Ian McNeice plays Bert Large, an odd amiable character, with Joe Absolom as his son, Al. John Marquez is PC Joe Penhale, similar to Barney Fife on "The Andy Griffith Show." Jessica Ransom is the doctor's receptionist Morwenna Newcross who has a very unique fashion sense. Selina Cadell is the eccentric pharmacist, Mrs. Tishell. Elaine Denham (Lucy Punch) played Doc Martin's original receptionist. For Seasons 2-4 she was replaced by Pauline Lamb (Katherine Parkinson), and later duties include drawing blood from patients. In Season 5, Morwenna Newcross (Jessica Ransom) took over. Ellingham's aunt, Joan Norton (Stephanie Cole), from "Waiting for God" (British sitcom), provides emotional support in the face of the controversy among the townspeople caused by his impatient manner. When she dies after a heart attack, her sister Ruth (Eileen Atkins), a retired psychiatrist, comes to Portwenn to take care of her affairs, and eventually decides to use the village as a permanent retreat, offering Martin the support Joan had provided. Viewers might notice this is a British version of small-town life, very similar to Mayberry of "The Andy Griffith Show" of the 1960's. There is a bumbling deputy with one police car, with a general feeling of no crime and but occasional shenanigans, particularly from Bert Lange, with his myriad get-rich schemes and business ventures. The townspeople often find themselves in ridiculous situations. Doc Martin is similar to Andy Griffith's sheriff character in his relative intelligence and stature in the community, and his ability to sort out whatever problems arise. With an overall comfy, pleasant feel of goodnatured people living in a slower, old-fashioned lifestyle, as envisioned and realized by the producer, Mark Crowdy, the goings-on in this seaside village resonate with viewers of the 21st century. 