 on Flux (2005)88) on Flux is a mysterious assassin working for the Monicans, a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. When she is sent on a mission to kill the Chairman, a whole new mystery is found. Four hundred years in the future, set in the year 2415, on Flux is a mysterious assassin. Four centuries after a virus nearly annihilated the human race, leaving only five million survivors in a utopian city called Bregna. Aeon is struggling to destroy the Goodchild regime led by its namesake, Trevor Goodchild, the ruler of Bregna and a descendant of the man who found a cure for the deadly virus. As instructed by the Handler, on is assigned to assassinate Goodchild, but there are deeper secrets to be discovered, and conspiracies to be foiled. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} on Flux ist ein mysteriser Attentter, der fr die Monikaner arbeitet, eine Gruppe von Rebellen, die versuchen, die Regierung zu strzen. Als sie auf eine Mission geschickt wird, um den Vorsitzenden zu tten, wird ein ganz neues Geheimnis entdeckt. Quando gli agenti del governo sterminano la sua famiglia, on Flux giura di vendicarsi. Sodatessa altamente addestrata, in prima linea sul fronte di una guerra contro la societ perfetta, Aeon una delle poche persone a sospettare che quella vita perfetta nasconda una perfetta bugia. Four hundred years in the future, when disease has wiped out the majority of the earth's population except for one walled, protected city-state: Bregna, ruled by a congress of scientists. The story centers on on Flux, the top operative in the underground Monican rebellion, led by the Handler. When on is sent on a mission to kill a government leader, she uncovers a world of secrets.. Austin4577@aol.com In the Century XXV, a virus exterminated most of the population of Earth, and the last city is Bregna, which is ruled by Trevor Goodchild (Marton Csokas) and protected by wall from the outside world. A resistance group entitled Monicans and led by The Handler (Frances McDormand), assigns the assassin on Flux (Charlize Theron) to kill Trevor and overthrow the government. However, on Flux discloses a scheme plotted by Oren Goodchild (Jonny Lee Miller) against his brother Trevor and she resolves to protect Trevor instead of killing him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The year is 2415. Four hundred years after a virus wiped out half of the world's population, the people that survived the virus now live in Bregna, a fortified city that is surrounded by a wall isolating the people from the virus infested rest of the world. Living in Bregna City, on Flux, a mysterious female assassin who works for a underground group of rebels led by Handler. on's latest assignment is to assassinate Trevor Goodchild, a member of the council that controls Bregna City. When on's younger sister Una is killed by government agents, on disobeys orders and decides to protect Trevor, and suspects Trevor's brother Oren and the council members are plotting against Trevor. And when Handler learns on failed the mission, Handler orders on to be eliminated, and on must risk everything as she not only protects Trevor, but also uncovers secrets and answers about her mysterious past and the government and all life in Bregna City itself. Daniel Williamson Set against the 2011 virus that kills 99% of the world's populace, and in the last city on Earth, Bregna, the survivors, some four hundred years later, in the year 2415, are continuing to live in the Goodchild dynasty, the name of the scientist who developed its cure. All is not well in this utopia and it is not what lies beyond its high walls that protects its citizens from the never ending jungle but what unspoken, unwritten taboo that holds and binds these unfortunates' together that lies within these walls of paranoia, conformity and unquestionable obedience. Filmed in and around Berlin, ironically, this is a story set against a totalitarian state, a walled city, where its peoples are no longer capable of reproducing, and its sinister and most secret plot of how it sustains life. on Flux is the assassin that has been assigned by the underground rebels to change the course of Mankind, forever. This is the story of her fight for justice, freedom and revenge. Cinema_Fan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 