 After the Wedding (2006)44) A manager of an orphanage in India is sent to Copenhagen, Denmark, where he discovers a life-altering family secret. Jacob Pederson lives in shanty surroundings in Bombay, India, and assists in the running of Anand Orphanage and School. He had attempted a number of projects to assist orphans, including child prostitutes - all quite in vain. He has adopted a young male orphan, Pramod, and takes special care of him. With growing pressure on the facilities, which is on the verge bankruptcy, the orphanage receives an offer of funding from wealthy Danish citizen, Jrgen, which may put an end to its problems. In order to obtain the money, Jacob must travel to Copenhagen, meet with Jrgen, get financial assistance, and be back to celebrate Pramod's 8th birthday. He sets forth, is received by Christian Refner, an employee and future son-in-law of Jrgen. Jacob is shown all possible courtesy and even housed in a posh apartment. He subsequently meets with Jrgen, shows him video-tapes and submits that a few Kroner could really save several lives which would otherwise succumb to minor illnesses and infections. Jorgen views the videos, but does not display much interest. He invites Jacob to attend his daughter's wedding. Jacob does attend the ceremony, is introduced to Helene, Jorgen's wife; the bride, Anna; and Jorgen's twins - Martin and Morten. After the wedding ceremony, Christian makes a speech. Quite unconventionally, Anna also decides to make a speech - it is this speech that will shatter Jacob's world, slowly make him realize that this invitation to Copenhagen was a ploy to not only ensnare him but also prevent him from returning to India. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Jacob Petersen has dedicated his life to helping street children in India. When the orphanage he heads is threatened by closure, he receives an unusual offer. A Danish businessman, Jrgen, offers him a donation of $4 million dollars. There are, however, certain conditions - Not only must Jacob return to Denmark, he must also take part in the wedding of Jrgen's daughter. The wedding proves to be a critical juncture between past and future and catapults Jacob into the most intense dilemma of his life. Anonymous In a very poor area of India, the altruist Danish Jacob Pederson teaches and nurses children in an orphanage and has raised the eight year old Pramod since he was a baby. When Jacob is invited to travel to Copenhagen to meet the wealthy businessman Jrgen Lennart Hannson who intends to donate a large amount to the orphanage, the reluctant Jacob is convinced by the director Mrs. Shaw that he must travel for the good of the children, and he promises to Pramod to be back on his birthday on the next week. Jacob has a meeting with the self-made tycoon who promises an annual donation of one million dollars and is invited to go to the wedding of his daughter Anna Hannson on the next day. In the wedding, Jacob sees Jrgen's wife Helene Hannson, who had a past with him, and discovers a family secret that will affect his and the Hannson's lives. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 