 Promise Me This (2007)431) A grandson gives his grandfather a vow to go to the city to sell a cow and bring back a wife. A grandson gives his grandfather a vow to go to the city to sell a cow and come back with a spouse. Extremely metaphorical representation of certain period of time in transitional Serbia is shown throughout the entire movie. Meeting the characters on his voyage, boy gets into various troubles, managing to fulfill the given promise. Ivanna An old man named Zivojin Markovic, living in a remote village prays for his grandson Cane to go to the city, sell his cow and bring back a wife. In the city he is supposed to meet up with his grandfather's stepbrother, but this man is dead. Instead, he meets this man's two grandsons, two good-natured brothers who are nevertheless small-time criminals and experts in demolition. Cane soon clicks with these men, and also falls in love with a schoolgirl (Jasna), who he wants to marry as part of his testament with his grandfather. He gets involved in this girl's family affairs, rescuing both her and her mother from prostitution and gangsters headed by a man called Bajo, and the new group of people return to the small village in time to celebrate Zivojin's wedding to his neighbor, despite the gangsters' best efforts to stop the celebration, which results in a double wedding. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In rural area at west Serbia, a school inspector closes school where young Tsane is only student. Several months later, his grandfather Zivojin senses that his lifetime is ending, so Tsane makes a vow - he will go to the city, sell a cow and accomplish three tasks : buy an icon, a souvenir and find a wife before grandpa dies. At the city, he meets beautiful girl Jasna, whos mother works as a prostitute to local macro Bayo, a zoophile who has an ambition to build a Trade Center as one from New York. For accomplishing his ambition, Bayo seeks help from Krivokapic brothers, a building constructors which happen to be Tsane's only friends in the city. After Bayo kidnaps Jasna becaouse of her mother's debts, Tsane team up with Krivokapic brothers, who had unfinished business with the macro, and goes to the rescue. Meanwhile, at the willage grandfather is busy making a church bell, while inspector desperatly tries to seduce a school teacher, who is deeply in love with Zivojin... 