 I-See-You.com (2006)Summaries When a son installs tiny cameras around the house, he turns his family into an Internet sensation. His folks, and especially his hot 18-year-old sister, are fuming mad--that is, until they see the cash start rolling in. The divorced salesman Harvey Bellinger sells toilets and lives with his teenage daughter Audrey Bellinger. When he meets the former Playboy centerfold Lydia Ann Layton, who is addicted in Stock Market and lives with her teenage son Colby, they immediately get married and move in together. Out of the blue, Harvey is fired and Lydia loses all their savings in the Stock Market. They need to reduce drastically their expenses and they quit superfluous expenses including cable TV. Audrey has an argument with Colby and drops his laptop on the floor. His girlfriend Randi Sommers suggests they expose Audrey in Internet and Colby buys a camera to revenge. Soon they begin a reality show sort of "Big Brother" business, and Colby decides to install cameras in every room in the house. They site becomes popular and a TV network offers a profitable contact to Colby and Randi. When the family discovers that their lives have been exposed but in a profitable way, they decide to include two new participants, the Italian Ciro Menotti and the call-girl Jessica. But they face many problems. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil You've heard how it was back in the day. People communicated with smoke signals. Or tin cans and a string. That was before YouTube. Before MySpace. And before teen Colby Bellinger ( Mathew Botuchis ) secretly installed nanny-cams and turned his family into the internet's first Live Feed reality show. Pocketing a cool $17K a week, Colby convinces his parents ( Beau Bridges and Rosanna Arquette ) that dysfunction sells. Something else sells, too: the video stream of Colby's 18-year-old stepsister Audrey ( Baelyn Neff ), whose unwitting on-cam display of assets launches his enterprise in a big way. Nothing good on TV? Log on. The Bellingers are just getting started. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 