 The Valet (2006)44) A porter and a top-model have to pretend to be a couple in order to salvage a CEO's marriage. A Parisian valet loves a woman who rejects him: she's in debt to open a bookshop, and he's not her ideal man. A billionaire two-times his wealthy wife with his beautiful mistress, a young supermodel. To draw the paparazzi and his wife off the trail of adultery, and to give his lawyer time to arrange a divorce that won't cost him a fortune, the billionaire pays the supermodel and the valet to pretend for a month to be a couple. Within days, the bookshop owner and the billionaire are jealous, the supermodel experiences life with a nice guy, and the valet has status and self-confidence. What will each do with newfound wisdom? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Middle-classed Pierre Levasseur's (Daniel Auteuil's) life changes after he marries wealthy Christine (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas). With wealth at his beckoning, he has an affair with leggy supermodel, Elena (Alice Taglioni), and makes her his mistress. Things spiral out of control after Christine gets a photograph of both of them together along with a strange male. The only way Pierre can get out of this mess is by locating this stranger, and asking him to pose as Elena's boyfriend/spouse. He is able to locate and identify him as Franois Pignon (Gad Elmaleh), a valet, and pays him handsomely to enact this charade, and as a result, Franois and Elena move in to live in a small apartment. Chaos results when Christine hires a private eye to spy on Elena, and Pignon juggles his life between the woman he adores, milie (Virginie Ledoyen); this charade; his attraction towards Elena; an overly inquisitive friend, Richard (Dany Boon); while a suspicious Pierre, afraid of losing Elena to Pignon, recruits a male to spy on the couple. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Pierre Levasseur (Daniel Auteuil), an important CEO, is photographed with his lover, Elena (Alice Taglioni), a world-famous model. In an attempt to salvage his marriage, he tries to convince his wife that Elena is not his lover, but that of Franois Pignon (Gad Elmaleh), a valet who was passing by and ended up on the photograph. To make his story believable, Levasseur then has to convince Pignon and Elena to move in together and to pretend to be a couple. Things get more complicated when this creates tensions between Pignon and his former flatmate Richard (Dany Boon) and his love interest milie (Virginie Ledoyen), and when Levasseur's wife, Christine (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas), discovers the truth, she decides to play games with her husband. Pruneau It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 