 10,000 BC (2008)431) In the prehistoric past, D'Leh is a mammoth hunter who bonds with the beautiful Evolet. When warriors on horseback capture Evolet and the tribesmen, D'Leh must embark on an odyssey to save his true love. A pseudo-orphaned semi-outcast since his father left his mammoth hunting tribe on a secret, prophecy-related mission, D'Leh grows up as protg of master hunter Tic'Tic. Putting truth first, he sacrifices his cheater chance to win status and the charmed girl Evolet, who thus falls to his rival-buddy Ka'Ren. The couple is among the captives taken by horse-riding slave-hunters, but D'Leh takes charge of an epic rescue mission that follows the caravan all the way to the pyramid building site of a 'living god'. By winning the support of a people he impressed on the way thanks to a saber-tooth he once saved and secretly forging a slave rise, he bids for his people's liberation. KGF Vissers Trained by his mentor, Tic'Tic, to hunt giant mammoths and to be fearless, the young hunter, D'Leh, embarks on a peril-laden journey through uncharted territory to secure the future of his tribe. When ferocious, horse-riding warlords raid the Yagahl camp and abduct the beautiful, blue-eyed girl, Evolet, D'Leh has no other choice but to lead a handful of brave young warriors into hostile regions, and pursue the invaders to the end of the world. Now, driven by destiny, the unlikely band of protectors must fight tooth-and-nail against cunning, skilled, and powerful adversaries to free Evolet and the captured members of the tribe. Will D'Leh fulfil his destiny? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a remote mountain tribe, the young hunter, D'Leh (Steven Strait), has found his heart's passion -- the beautiful Evolet (Camilla Belle). When a band of mysterious warlords raid his village and kidnap Evolet, D'Leh is forced to lead a small group of hunters to pursue the warlords to the end of the world to save her. Driven by destiny, the unlikely band of warriors must battle saber-tooth tigers and prehistoric predators and, at their heroic journey's end, they uncover a Lost Civilization. Their ultimate fate lies in an empire beyond imagination, where great pyramids reach into the skies. Here they will take their stand against a powerful god who has brutally enslaved their people. 