 Must Love Dogs (2005)55) A thirty-something preschool teacher looks to the personals for a change of pace and a relationship, with hilarious results. Preschool teacher Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane), divorced for eight months, is still grieving the end of her marriage. Although she didn't see it as being perfect, she probably would have stuck it out as what she saw as the "for better or worse" obligation of the wedding vows, that is if her ex-husband, Kevin, didn't end it for what ended up being leaving her for a younger woman. She is urged by her over-supportive family, comprised of her many siblings, their partners, and her widowed father, to get back into the dating scene, something she has been reluctant to do in not feeling ready. As such, her most proactive sister in the matter, Carol (Elizabeth Perkins), sets her up on an Internet dating site. Within her less than prepared state, Sarah does go along with meeting men by the means offered to her. Beyond especially her female siblings, Sarah is given unique perspectives on the whole issue of dating and commitment by her father, Bill (Christopher Plummer), who is exploring dating after losing who was the love of his life in Sarah's mother, thrice divorced Dolly (Stockard Channing), one of Bill's conquests, who he meets on-line, and Sarah's gay teaching colleague, Leo (Brad William Henke), who she sees as being in the most committed loving relationship with his partner Eric (Victor Webster) of anyone she knows. Of the men she meets, Sarah makes what she believes is a connection with two, albeit awkward in both cases. One is Bob Connor (Dermot Mulroney), the divorced father of one of her students, her hesitance in dating him only because of crossing the professional/personal line. The other is custom wooden boat builder Jake Anderson (John Cusack), who too was pushed into trying on-line dating by his best friend/divorce lawyer Charlie (Ben Shenkman), who wants Jake solely to get some action despite Jake wanting his love life to be more like Lara and Yuri in Doctor Zhivago (1965) . Much of what happens between Sarah and the two men is based on what stage they are in post-divorce dating life, but is also dependent on how much Sarah is willing to take a chance on each, which may also include her and the respective man just not meshing at a given point in time, and her making a wrong decision in the process based on what she sees as the prospects. Huggo Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane), a recently divorced thirty-something-year-old, has a family that just can't help getting involved in her personal life, or lack there of. After her sister puts her profile on PerfectMatch.com, this preschool teacher goes on a number of outrageous and hilarious dates. But will she be able to find the one, who must love dogs? Nina Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane), a preschool teacher in her thirties, is recently divorced. Her family's new pet project is to find her a boyfriend. After a series of disastrous, but hilarious, dates she decides to swear off dating for good. Her well-meaning family and friends are not going to let her give-up quite so easily though. Her sister enrolls her in on-line dating and includes the description of "must love dogs". She loves dogs, but doesn't own one of her own, so she borrows her brother's dog to meet Jake Anderson (John Cusack) at the dog park. He, too, had to borrow a dog. It's a hit-and-miss beginning - but could true love wag its tail for these two? Johnson Preschool teacher Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane) got divorced eight months ago, but she is still vulnerable and alone. Her family presses her to find a new Mr. Right, and her sister Carol puts her profile on the site PerfectMatch.com. She has blind dates with odd guys, but she particularly likes Jake Anderson (John Cusack), who divorced three months ago and still misses his former wife. Jake likes her too, but Sarah has a one-night stand with Bob Connor (Dermot Mulroney), the father of one of her students, and Jake gives up on her. Later, Sarah finds that Jake is her perfect match. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 