 30 Rock (20062013)44) Liz Lemon, head writer of the sketch comedy show "TGS with Tracy Jordan", must deal with an arrogant new boss and a crazy new star, all while trying to run a successful television show without losing her mind. Elizabeth "Liz" Lemon (Tina Fey) is the executive show runner for a late night sketch comedy show called "The Girlie Show", that stars her close friend and major drama queen Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski). When GE hires a new Executive Vice President for NBC named Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), he decides to take Liz Lemon under his wing and turn around TGS, which for years has been unable to find the proper audience it deserves. So to do so, he brings on unhinged, wildly unpredictable star Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) to turn the series into a ratings hit. But Liz soon finds out that controlling her oddball writing staff, the NBC page program, keeping Tracy on a short leash, and getting him to get along with Jenna proves to be one disaster after another. Will TGS ever see true success? And will Liz find the right partner to get married and start a family? halo1k Based more-than-loosely on backstage shenanigans at Saturday Night Live (1975) , this show centers on young Liz Lemon (Tina Fey), currently head writer for a live sketch-comedy show in New York City. Complications follow when the network's new president orders Liz to hire mentally unstable movie star Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) to join the cast, throwing neurotic leading lady (and Liz's best friend) Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) into a tizzy. Liz tries to juggle all the egos around her while trying to chase her own dream. Jwelch5742 Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) is a producer of a variety show. Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) is a top television network executive. Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) is the unpredictable star of Lemon's hit variety show, "TGS with Tracy Jordan". Lemon constantly has her hands full, juggling corporate interference from Donaghy and off-the-handle star antics from Jordan, all while attempting to salvage her own personal life. NBC publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 