 Big Bad Wolf (2006)431) After being attacked by a werewolf, a teenager believing it may have been his stepfather attempts to expose him. In Cameroon, a group of hunters is attacked by a wild animal, and Charlie Cowley survives but sees his brother Scott dying. Hyperbolically, seven years later, his teenage nephew Derek Cowley steals the key of his stepfather's cabin in the isolated Fire Road 13 and travels with four classmates and his friend Sam to spend the weekend having a party with booze and sex. However, they are attacked by a beast that kills his friends in a sadistic way. Sam and Derek survive, and they suspect that his stepfather, Mitchell Toblat, is a werewolf. When Charlie meets Derek and Sam, they decide to collect evidence to prove that Mitchell is the beast and kill him, but Mitchell discovers their plot and chases the trio. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When DEREK COWLEY takes his college classmates to his stepfather's cabin to party, they are attacked by a strange creature. A cross between Hannibal Lecter and the Wolfman, the lascivious Beast hunts down Derek's classmates and kills them with sadistic glee. Back home, Derek begins to suspect his abusive stepfather, MITCH TOBLAT, is the werewolf. With help from his friend SAMANTHA, a brash motorcycle-riding tomboy, he begins to investigate -- leading to a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with Toblat. Ultimately, Derek must find the courage to face the unleashed Beast in a final night of unimaginable horror. Red Five Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Scott, Mitch, Charlie and another man are on a hunting trip. Mitch and Charlie get separated from the others. Something grabs one of the men and he is not seen again. Then Scott is grabbed and this terrible creature appears who doesn't quite look like a wolf, or anything else that exists in nature. Charlie arrives but can't save his friend. Seven years later Mitch is married to Scott's widow Gwen. He is not nice, but doesn't quite qualify as abusive. Gwen's son Derek doesn't accept him as his father. Derek is pledging a college fraternity, and to impress two of the members, he steals the keys to Mitch's cabin in the woods. The other two guys have brought girls, and Derek likes Sam, a biker chick who works in a garage. Sam has an attitude and doesn't take pleasure in spending time with Muffy, Brittany, Biff and Chad (their names are actually Cassie, Melissa, Alex and Jason). It's hard to believe a nice guy Like Derek would like her. Actually, Sam is quite likeable even if she has an edge. The group get lost and asks a man whose truck broke down for help. The guys are eager to help fix the truck but only Sam can actually get it done. But the man refuses at first to give the kids any advice other than turn around and go back. He finally gives in, and the kids arrive at the cabin and have a great time. Cassie has nasty things to say about Alex and they get the bedroom, apparently so they can do what she was talking about. Just not when or how many. And the monster says things like, "Little pig, little pig, let me in!" Derek and Sam are on the news and are being hounded by journalists. The funniest group of reporters are the ones from the university, who want to make a tribute to the deceased, and they harass the kids several times before becoming more important to the plot. Charlie has avoided the family since the earlier incident, but he has a theory. So do Derek and Sam. Charlie secretly meets with the kids and they all investigate the theory, hoping to stop the monster. The monster is shown when he is human, and there are signs he is not who the viewer thinks he is. You wouldn't like him when he's angry. But he can normally control himself except during a full moon, which there was when the men were hunting, and when the kids were at the cabin. When the viewer thinks the movie is over, it's not really over. Think "April in Paris" by Count Basie. 