 The Blue Umbrella (2005)321) In a small village when a little girl's prescious umbrella is stolen, things goes wrong for a greedy tea seller who was very much interested in buying that umbrella from her. Young Biniya lives a poor lifestyle in a small village in the mountainous and snowy region of Himachal Pradesh in India along with her widowed mom and wrestler brother. She entertains various tourists, and while doing so with some tourists from Japan, trades in her bear-tooth amulet with a blue umbrella. She and her umbrella become very popular with both tourists and the local villagers. A restaurant-owner, Nandkishore Khatri, takes a fancy to this umbrella and attempts several times to buy if off of her - in vain. Then one day while tending to her two cows, the umbrella goes missing. The entire village sympathizes with her. She suspects Nandkishore, and the police turn his house upside down but are unable to locate the missing umbrella. An embittered and upset Nandkishore orders a red-and-white Japanese umbrella and, in turn, becomes immensely popular with the local villagers as well as with tourists. The question remains: where did Biniya's umbrella disappear to, and will she ever recover it? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on a novella by Rushkin Bond, and set in the picturesque Himachal Pradesh, Chatri Chor tells the story of the turmoil caused in a small village, by a blue umbrella that Biniya (Shreya Sharma), a young village girl obtains from a Japanese tourist in exchange for her lucky charm necklace carrying two bear claws. The resulting jealousy and possessiveness drive the village shopkeeper Nandakishore (Pankaj Kapur) to desperation. Eventually the umbrella is stolen, and within a few days, a red umbrella arrives for Nandkishore by post, and with this, he regains the respect of the villagers. Once it turns out that this was the very same blue umbrella of Biniya, the villagers boycott Nandkishore, who then tries real hard to win back the goodwill of the society. Will he ever be forgiven and redeemed? 