 White Noise 2: The Light (2007)431) Following the loss of his family, a man attempts suicide only to discover upon waking that he can identify people who are about to die The family man Abe Dale is having lunch with his wife and son in a restaurant, when a man kills them in front of Abe and shoots himself in the mouth. A couple of days later, the grieving Abe misses his family and commits suicide ingesting many pills at home, but is rescued by his friend Marty Bloom and saved by the doctors. His Near Death Experience makes him see white light in some people and to hear Electronic Voice Phenomena, i.e., manifestations of voices of ghosts or spirits through static on electronic devices. Soon he discovers that the white light means that the person is going to die, and Abe saves three lives including his nurse Sherry Clarke. While watching a video recorded by his son, Abe finds that the killer had saved the lives of his wife and son three days before the murder. He investigates the incident and finds that when you save, you must kill; otherwise many innocents will die three days later. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Abe Dale witnesses his wife and son's murders, before the attacker turns the gun on himself. Distraught, Abe attempts suicide but is found by a friend and taken to hospital. Abe has a near death experience, and upon recovery he sees white light emanating from some people. He begins to experience electronic voice phenomena when in close proximity to any electrical device. Discovering that those who manifest the light die shortly after, Abe develops a new sense of being as a hero, saving those emitting the white aura from death. But all is not as it seems, as he unravels the mystery surrounding the death of his family while being haunted by angry spirits, realising in the process that no good deed goes unpunished. Star, Leicester, UK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After witnessing the murder of his wife and young son at the hands of Henry Caine (Craig Fairbrass) who then turned the gun on himself, Abe Dale (Nathan Fillion) is so distressed that he attempts to take his own life. A near-death experience follows that leaves Abe with the ability to identify those who are about to die. He acts on these premonitions to save three people from death, among them a nurse met during his recovery, Sherry Clarke (Katee Sackhoff). Abe soon learns that Henry, before murdering Abe's wife and son, actually saved their lives. This leads Abe to believe that Henry also had the ability to see death. This makes Abe want to learn more about Henry, so he visits his house only to learn that Henry survived his suicide. Investigating further, Abe discovers that three days after cheating death, those whose lives he saved will be possessed and compelled to take the lives of others. Accepting this responsibility, Abe comes with to terms with the horrible fact that he must consider killing to prevent further tragedy. 