 The Ant Bully (2006)Summaries After Lucas Nickle floods an ant colony with his water gun, he's magically shrunken down to insect size and sentenced to hard labor in the ruins. This is the story of a ten-year-old boy named Lucas Nickle (Zach Tyler), who has just moved to a new neighborhood, has no friends, and is the target for the local bully and his gang. His parents, Fred (Larry Miller) and Doreen (Cheri Oteri), are leaving for a honeymoon in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, so they are too busy to attend to his problems. His sister, Tiffany (Allison Mack), is distracted by her cell phone, and grandmother Mommo (Lily Tomlin) is obsessed with U.F.O.s and aliens. Lucas is constantly being beat up by the neighborhood bully, Steve (Myles Jeffrey). Because he cannot fight back, he takes out his anger on an anthill in his front yard. He kicks it, stomps it, squirts it with his water gun, and floods it with a hose. This terrifies the ants, who call Lucas "The Destroyer". One wizard ant, known as Zoc (Nicolas Cage), being a hopeful and adventurous type, is trying to solve this dilemma. He tries to devise a magic potion that he believes will solve all their problems. As the plan to shrink Lucas down to their size with a magic potion and forcing him to live like an ant within the colony - an astonishing new world opens up to him. Lucas learns first-hand the value of friendship and teamwork, ultimately leading the ants in an effort to save their colony from annihilation. And in the process, Lucas obtains the things he wants most: friends, companionship, acceptance, and the courage to stand up for himself. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Lucas Nickle (Zach Tyler) is the new kid in town and the local bully, Steve (Myles Jeffrey), makes sure he knows it. Lucas gets so fed up with being bullied, he takes out his frustration on ants in his backyard, like squirting them with his garden hose or stomping on the ant hill. The ants are understandably fed up with this, and Zoc (Nicolas Cage), the ant wizard, uses a potion to shrink him down to ant size. Lucas is sentenced to hard labor in the ruins and learns to be more compassionate to ants. He becomes an ant friend, then must become an ant hero when Stan Beals (Paul Giamatti), the local pest control guy, who's an even bigger bully, comes to wipe out the entire colony. An "ants versus pest control" battle ensues and Zoc reluctantly accepts that Lucas may be the ants' only chance of survival. movieguy3 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 