 Chromophobia (2005)44) Marcus Aylesbury has his fair share of dilemmas and secrets in his family. His wife can't tell the difference between a shrink and a shop and his eight-year-old son Orlando spray paints his rabbit's name on the walls to get attention. Ensemble drama starring Damian Lewis , Ralph Fiennes , Penlope Cruz and Kristin Scott Thomas . Marcus Aylesbury (Lewis) has his fair share of dilemmas and secrets in his family. His wife (Scott Thomas) can't tell the difference between a shrink and a shop, his eight-year-old son Orlando ( Clem Tibber ) spray paints his rabbit's name on the walls to get attention, while Orlando's godfather Stephen (Fiennes) lies half beaten to death in hospital. To make things worse Marcus' boss is drawing him into a scam which could cost him his career, his father ( Ian Holm ) has an illegitimate love child with his former mistress Gloria (Cruz), and his stepmother Penelope's ( Harriet Walter ) bond with her dogs is his best role model of a loving relationship. What do you do when your wife cant tell the difference between a shrink and a shop, your eight year old son may have psychological problems and his gay godfather lying half-beaten to death in hospital? Your boss is drawing you into a scam which could cost you your career, your father expects more of you than you can deliver and your stepmothers bond with her dogs is your best role model of a loving relationship. And what could the secrets of a prostitute, dug up by her social worker, possibly have to do with you? Every family has secrets. These are the dilemmas of Marcus Aylesbury. From director Martha Fiennes and with an all-star British cast, Chromophobia is a darkly comedic drama set in contemporary London, where money, beauty and success have replaced traditional values of honesty and friendship as the cornerstones of life. Every family has its secrets and tries to hold them hidden within domestic walls. However, those of the family of Marcus Aylesbury (Damian Lewis) are about to become public because of the family's long-time friend Trent (Ben Chaplin), a journalist faithful to his ideals who, put under pressure by his editor, is looking for a "sexy-scoop". johnnyber It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 