 Jodhaa Akbar (2008)651) A sixteenth century love story about a marriage of alliance that gave birth to true love between a great Mughal emperor, Akbar, and a Rajput princess, Jodha. Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story about a marriage of alliance that gave birth to true love between a great Mughal Emperor, Akbar and a Rajput princess, Jodhaa. Politically, success knew no bounds for Emperor Akbar, After having secured the Hindu Kush, he furthered his realm by conquest until his empire extended from Afghanistan to the Bay of Bengal, and from the Himalayas to the Godhavari River. Through a shrewd blend of tolerance, generosity and force, Akbar won the allegiance of the Rajputs, the most belligerent Hindus. But little did Akbar know that when he married Jodhaa, a fiery Rajput princess, in order to further strengthen his relations with the Rajputs, he would in turn be embarking upon a new journey - the journey of true love. The daughter of King Bharmal of Amer, Jodhaa resented being reduced to a mere political pawn in this marriage of alliance, and Akbar's biggest challenge now did not merely lie in winning battles, but in winning the love of Jodhaa - a love hidden deep below resentment and extreme prejudice. Jodhaa Akbar is their untold love story. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Jodha daughter of Raja Bharmal from Amer is to be married to Raja Ratan Singh who will heritage the crown of her father after their marriage. her cousin Sujamal is upset over losing the throne and joins their rebels.When Mogul Emperor is about to attack Amer Raja Bharmal in order to make peace puts a proposal of Jodha to marry Akbar to which he agreed as it would bring strong alliance between Mughals and Rajput. In order to avoid marriage, Jodha proposes to Akbar that she won't change her religion and wants temple to be built for her.Akbar has no hesitation in this. After their marriage, Akbar's nanny conspires against Jodha when Sujamal comes to meet her in private. Jodha leaves his kingdom after Akbar doubts her character after the truth is out Akbar goes to take Jodha who tells him that first, he should have a change of relation in his kingdom. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Jodhaa Akbar is the story of the greatest Mughal emperor that ruled Hindustan (now India), Jalaluddin Mohammad Akbar, and the fiery young Rajput princess, Jodhaa. Set in the sixteenth century, this epic romance begins as a marriage of alliance between two cultures and religions, for political gain, with the Hindu King Bharmal of Amer giving his daughter's hand to a Muslim Emperor, Akbar. When Akbar accepts the marriage proposal, little does he know that in his efforts to strengthen his relations with the Rajputs, he would in turn be embarking on a new journey - the journey of true love. From the battlefield where the young Jalaluddin was crowned, through the conquests that won him the title of Akbar the Great ('Akbar' in Arabic means great), to winning the love of the beautiful Jodhaa, Jodhaa Akbar traces the impressive graph of the mighty emperor and his romance with the defiant princess. AGPPL Afer the Raja of Amer passes away, his brother, Veer Bharmal, crowns himself king, and looks after his nephew, Sujamal. After he and his wife, Padmavati, give birth to a girl, Jodhaa, they arrange her marriage with Ajabgarh's Rajkumar Rattan Singh. Years later, Veer decides to hand over Amer's reigns to Bhagwandas, instead of Sujamal, resulting in the later approaching Shahenshah Jalaluddin's brother-in-law, Sharifuddin Hussain for assistance. Fearing an attack on his kingdom, Veer approaches the Shahenshah himself, pledges alliance to him, and even offers his daughter's hand in marriage. Jalaluddin, whose life was always controlled by others, decides to marry a rather reluctant Jodhaa, who agrees to marry him on two conditions: that she will retain her Hindu Dharam, and will worship Bhagwan Shri Kishan in the Mughal palace, which he accepts. The marriage takes place, and Jodhaa places yet another condition on him: that she will only get intimate with him after she is ready, which he also accepts. Then Jalaluddin's faith in Jodhaa is shattered when he learns that she has been meeting secretly with a male unknown to him; while Sujamal gets ready to attack Amer; disgruntled and oppressed Hindus, who are forced to pay a toll to their Mughal rulers for their Tirath Yatra, lose hope and faith; while his very own brother-in-law prepares to assassinate him and become the next Shahenshah of Hindustan. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story about a marriage of alliance that gave birth to true love between a great Mughal emperor, Akbar, and a Rajput princess, Jodhaa. Political success knew no bounds for Emperor Akbar (Hrithik Roshan). After having secured the Hindu Kush, he furthered his realm by conquest until his empire extended from Afghanistan to the Bay of Bengal, and from the Himalayas to the Godavari River. Through a shrewd blend of tolerance, generosity, and force, Akbar won the allegiance of the Rajputs, the most belligerent Hindus. But little did Akbar know that when he married Jodhaa (Aishwarya), a fiery Rajput princess, in order to further strengthen his relations with the Rajputs, he would in turn be embarking upon a new journey the journey of true love. The daughter of King Bharmal of Amer, Jodhaa resented being reduced to a mere political pawn in this marriage of alliance, and Akbars biggest challenge now did not merely lie in winning battles, but in winning the love of Jodhaa a love hidden deep below resentment and extreme prejudice. Jodhaa-Akbar is their untold love story. 