 Melissa P. (2005)Summaries An adolescent girl, living with her mother and her grandmother, will have her first sexual experiences in a heavy and excessive way. Melissa lives with her mother and her grandmother in Sicily. She has a close relationship with her grandmother, a heavy smoker, who seems to be the only person in the world who understands Melissa. Melissa's father lives in another country. One day Melissa and her friend go to a party at a school friend's home. While there, Melissa meets Daniele, a boy from the school, and has her first sexual experience. The experience is far from being what Melissa always has dreamed it would be, because Daniele forces her and later forgets her. However, Melissa has fallen in love with Daniele. Back at school, when Melissa tries to get Daniele's attention, he barely remembers her. He takes advantage of Melissa's feelings for him, convincing her to have sex with him whenever he wants. When Melissa discovers Daniele's true motivations, she takes revenge by having even wilder sexual experiences with him and other boys. She even begins keeping a diary to document her sexual experiences. Melissa's mother is worried and tries to approach her distant daughter, while her grandmother is sent off to a rest home. DM Melissa is an adolescent girl who lives with her mother and her grandmother in Sicily. The girl carries a closer relationship with her grandmother, a quite smoker woman, the only person in the world who understands Melissa. Melissa's father lives in other country. One day, Melissa and her friend go to a party at the house of some school friend. There, Melissa will have her first sexual experience with Daniele, a boy from the school. The experience is far from being what Melissa always has imagined, because Daniele forces her to make out and later forgot her for several months. But now Melissa is in love with Daniele. When they're back to school, Melissa will try to call Daniele's attention, but he barely reminds her. Nevertheles, Daniele will seize the opportunity of taking advantage from Melissa's crush, convincing her of having sex every time he wants. However, Melissa finds out Daniele's real intentions, and she will take a sort of revenge against him, having heavier sexual experiences with him and other boys. In fact, she will start a diary, in which she'll write all her sexual experiences in the future. Melissa's mother is worried, trying to approach to her distant daughter, while the grandmother will be sent to an old's people home. Alejandro Frias It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 