 Friday the 13th (2009)541) A group of young adults visit a boarded up campsite named Crystal Lake where they soon encounter the mysterious Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions. A group of young adults set up tent near the abandoned summer camp where a series of gruesome murders are said to have taken place back in 1980. The perpetrator was a grieving mother, driven insane by the drowning of her child, Jason, whom she believed was neglected by the camp counselors. As legend has it, the last survivor of the attacks beheaded the woman. But then Jason came back, and now he is a vengeful and inexorable killer, wielding crossbows, swords, axes and other sharp instruments. The legend proves horribly true, as these campers quickly discover. Six weeks later, the brother of one of those campers distributes posters of his missing sister. The police believe she took off with her boyfriend; but he knows better. The brother crosses paths with an uptight young rich guy who is having his girlfriend and friends over at his parents' cabin. The brother ends up at the cabin himself just before his sister's attacker sets upon them all. J. Spurlin A young man sets out on a desperate quest to find his missing sister while a group of college students party in a secluded cabin little do they know that a masked killer known as Jason vorhees is stalking the students to avenge his dead mother. Will they survive or will Jason get his revenge? ahmetkozan Wade, Ritchie, Amanda, Mike and Whitney travel to Crystal Lake to camp, but Wade and Ritchie have found a plantation of weed and intend to raise some money selling the dope. However, the group is brutally attacked by Jason Voorhees. Six weeks later, Clay is seeking out his sister Whitney in Crystal Lake, distributing a missing poster with her picture to the locals. In a gas station, he stumbles into the arrogant Trent that has invited his friends Jenna, Lawrence, Chewie, Nolan, Chelsea and Bree to spend the weekend in the cottage of his wealthy family. Jenna teams up with Clay in his quest and they discover that Jason is killing her friends. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On June 13, 1980, a young Jason Voorhees (Caleb Guss) watches as his mother Pamela (Nana Visitor) is beheaded by a camp counselor (Stephanie Rhodes), who was trying to escape Mrs. Voorhees's murder spree around Camp Crystal Lake. Almost thirty years later, a group of friends-Wade (Jonathan Sadowski), Richie (Ben Feldman), Mike (Nick Mennell), Whitney (Amanda Righetti) and Amanda (America Olivo)-arrive at Crystal Lake on a camping trip to search for marijuana growing in the woods. That night, an adult Jason (Derek Mears) kills everyone except Whitney, whom he captures since she resembles his mother at a young age. Six weeks later, Trent (Travis Van Winkle), his girlfriend Jenna (Danielle Panabaker) and friends Chelsea (Willa Ford), Bree (Julianna Guill), Chewie (Aaron Yoo), Nolan (Ryan Hansen) and Lawrence (Arlen Escarpeta) arrive at Trent's summer cabin on the shore of Crystal Lake. Meanwhile, Whitney's brother Clay Miller (Jared Padalecki) arrives at the lake to search for her. Clay visits Trent's cabin, and Jenna agrees to help him search for Whitney. As they search, Jason kills Chelsea and Nolan while they are wake-boarding on the lake. Clay and Jenna search the old Crystal Lake campgrounds where they see Jason hauling a body into the abandoned camp house. Jenna and Clay run to warn the others about Jason, who arrives and disconnects the cabin's electricity. Jason kills Chewie and Lawrence outside the cabin and sneaks inside and kills Bree. Trent, Clay, and Jenna escape the cabin, but Trent is killed when he reaches the main road. Jason chases Clay and Jenna back to the campgrounds, where Clay discovers Jason's lair and finds his sister chained to a wall. Clay frees Whitney, and all three try to escape as Jason arrives. They find an exit, but Jenna is killed before she can escape. Jason corners Clay and Whitney; Whitney confuses Jason by pretending to be Pamela, then stabs him in the chest with his own machete. Clay and Whitney dump Jason's "corpse" into the lake, but before they leave, Jason bursts through the wooden dock and grabs Whitney. 