 Death at a Funeral (2007)651) Chaos ensues when a man tries to expose a dark secret regarding a recently deceased patriarch of a dysfunctional British family. Daniel is a decent young man, married to Jane, still living at his father's home. When his father dies, it is up to him to organize his funeral. On this painful morning, the suitable grave expression on his face, Daniel is ready to welcome his father's friends and relatives. But preserving the dignity inherent in such circumstances will be a hard task. Particularly with an undertaker who botches his work, the return from the USA of his famous but selfish brother, his cousin's fianc who has accidentally ingested drugs, the presence a moron who takes advantage of the sad event to win back the heart (or rather the body) of a woman who is about to marry another, of a handicapped old uncle who is also the most unbearable pain in the neck. To cap it all, Daniel notices the presence among the mourners of a mysterious dwarf nobody else seems to know... Guy Bellinger After Daniel's father passes away, he arranges to contact their extended family and friends, which include an wheel-chair bound grouchy uncle; a self-serving and unsuccessful writer brother; several cousins - some of who are impaired with drugs. Nothing, however, will prepare him for the bizarre incidents that will occur and bring their very parentage into question. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Daniel and his wife Jane host the wake reception after the funeral of his father, in whose home they lived. The trouble starts with an incompetent undertaker who even mixed up two corpses, but the real problem is the family reunion, starting from the arrivals by incidental car load. Uncle Alfie (ab)uses his cane on anyone who dares help him with his wheelchair. Daniel's brother, a successful author in New York, is generally expected to hold the eulogy, but Jane insists he should stick to the honor. Black sheep cousin Troy's drugs are semi-accidentally administered to his ride, turning the softy into a stoned loose canon. The worst for the dysfunctional family comes as a surprise: dwarf Peter, who invited himself following from the cemetery, bears photographic proof that he had a sexual relation with the deceased, and seeks 'financial compensation' for his discrete absence in the testament. KGF Vissers Friends and family are convening at the English country estate of husband and wife Edward and Sandra for Edward's funeral. The collective in attendance has the potential to throw the proceedings off the rails. Responsible son Daniel, who has looked after his parents in he and his wife Jane still living at the house specifically for that purpose, has made all the arrangements and payments for the funeral to await half the money from his successful New York residing novelist brother, Robert. Daniel, who too aspires to be a novelist, and Jane plan to move out of the house after the funeral once he gets Robert's half of money so that they can place a down payment on a flat in the city, they in turn wanting their mother to live with Robert. Daniel quietly resents Robert and his fame and seemingly easy success, narcissistic Robert who lives the high life, yet seems to be unable to come up with his half of the money. Cousin Martha is bringing her as of yet unannounced fianc Simon, the two who need Simon to make a good impression on her father Victor - Sandra's brother - as Victor doesn't much like him. To calm Simon down to prepare him for telling Victor of the engagement, Martha gives him one of her brother Troy's Valiums - Troy a pharmacy student - not aware that Troy dabbles in his own drug concoctions, this "Valium" being a mix of hallucinogens. Family friend Howard, a hypochondriac and germaphobe, is in charge of bringing strong-minded, wheelchair-bound Uncle Alfie to the funeral and making sure he's looked after this day, Uncle Alfie who is a bit more than Howard, on one of his better days (this not being one of them), can handle on his own. Howard is also bringing "uninvited" Justin, who doesn't really know the family except Martha, with who he is in love. Justin, knowing about Simon, is solely there to try and persuade Martha to run off with him. The goings-on of this known group may be further upended in they having to deal with Peter, a little person at the funeral who none of them has ever met, but who, in a private conversation with Daniel, claims to have been a "close friend" of Edward's, he planning on showing how close to the world if he doesn't get what he feels he deserves. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story is set in England and takes place mainly at a family home where Daniel and his wife Jane live with his parents. When the story opens, it is the day of Daniel's father's funeral and, while in the process of organising this event, Daniel and Jane plan to purchase a flat and move away from the parental home. Daniel's brother Robert, a renowned novelist living in New York City, would rather spend his money on a First Class airline ticket to England than help finance the funeral, leaving Daniel to cover the burial expenses. As guests begin to arrive at the family home, where the funeral service is to be held, he struggles to complete a eulogy, although everyone expects Robert the writer will be the one to deliver some appropriate remarks. Daniel's cousin Martha and her fianc Simon are desperate to make a good impression on Martha's uptight father Victor. Their hopes for doing so are dashed when Martha, hoping to calm Simon's nerves, gives him what she believes is Valium but actually is a designer hallucinogenic drug manufactured by her brother Troy, a pharmacy student. While on the way to the funeral, Simon begins to feel its effect. A dwarf named Peter introduces himself to Daniel, who is too busy to speak to him at that moment and suggests they talk later. None of Daniel's relatives can identify the man. The service begins and the hallucinating Simon, certain the coffn is moving, tips it over, causing the body to spill out onto the floor. During the ensuing chaos, Martha drags Simon outside, where her father forbids her to marry him. When Simon is told why he is reacting as he is, he panics and locks himself in the upstairs bathroom. Martha tries to persuade him to open the door while fending off the unwelcome advances of Justin, with whom she once had a one-night stand that she deeply regrets and would like to forget. When the drug overcomes Simon, he steps out of the window naked and sees Justin kissing Martha. Thinking what he sees reflects mutual feelings, he proceeds to climb onto the roof, where he threatens to jump. Hoping to calm him, Martha reveals she is pregnant with their child. While most of the guests are caught up in Simon's seeming insanity, Peter meets privately with Daniel and Robert and reveals he was their father's lover. Unhappy that he was left nothing in their father's will, Peter reveals photographs that prove his relationship, and attempts to blackmail the family for 15,000. The brothers panic and bind and gag Peter, and to calm him down they give him the hallucinogenic drug they also believe is Valium. Peter manages to free himself, but in his drug-induced state he jumps repeatedly on the sofa before falling and hitting his head on a glass coffee table. Troy and family friend Howard cannot feel a pulse, so they believe Peter to be dead. Forced to dispose of the body as quickly and surreptitiously as possible, Daniel and Robert decide to place it in the casket with their father. The service resumes, and Daniel's awkward eulogy is interrupted when the still very-much-alive Peter leaps from the coffin and the compromising photos fall out of his pocket for everyone, including the widow, to see. Daniel demands everyone stay calm and declares his father was a good man, although clearly one with secrets, and he delivers a loving tribute to the man. That same night after the all the mourners (including Peter) have left, Robert tells Daniel that he plans on taking their mother to New York so that Daniel and Jane can finally get an apartment and live alone like they'd always wanted. Their conversation is interrupted when Jane shows up and tells them that Uncle Alfie will be staying over that night because of his panic attack after having seen Daniel and Robert move the body. She also tells them that she gave him some "Valium" (unbeknownst to her it is actually Troy's hallucinogenic), which shocks Daniel and Robert. The scene cuts to a shot of Uncle Alfie on the roof, naked like Simon had been, complaining about how "everything is so fucking green". 