 Hot Rod (2007)431) Self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble is preparing for the jump of his life - to clear fifteen buses to raise money for his abusive stepfather Frank's life-saving heart operation. Rod Kimble is a naf, a slacker living in a small US town with his mom, his younger brother, and his stepfather whose respect he craves. He also misses his dead dad, whom he thinks was Evel Knievel's back-up. Rod, a man-child, believes that he is a stunt man. When his stepfather needs an operation, with help from his brother and his slacker pals, Rod hatches a plan to set a school-bus-jumping record on his moped. First, his crew and he have to raise money to rent the buses and build the ramp. Trouble is, Rod's inept at his chosen career. Looming failure is complicated by the return of Denise, Rod's next-door neighbor and secret heartthrob, who is home from college. Is public humiliation at hand? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Fantasising about being a successful stunt performer, just like his legendary idol, Evel Knievel , unfortunately, the maladroit and overly optimistic wannabe stuntman, Rod Kimble, has never completed a jump without doing a faceplant. With his friends not taking him very seriously, and his bullying stepfather, Frank, treating him like a punching bag, Rod, however, is not going to take this situation lying down, and let these minor details stand in the way of accomplishing the greatest acrobatic feat of his life. Now, Rod has to do the impossible and jump over fifteen school buses on his feeble Tomos Sprint moped to raise money for Frank's costly heart bypass operation. Will Rod look death in the eye, prove his worth, and get the girl? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andy Samberg is Rod Kimble, a lovable loser who is, without a doubt, the worlds worst stuntman and probably the only one that performs on a Moped. He does have a group of loyal friends who serve as his crew and a possible romance with girl-next-door, Denise (Isla Fisher).When Rods hated step-fathers life is dependant on an expensive transplant, Rod wants to perform the ultimate stunt to raise the money to save his life, just so he can have yet another chance (for he has already had many) to beat his step-father (Ian McShane) in a fight and earn his respect. So, with the help of his crew, the love of his life, and many other people among the way. Rod sets out to jump more buses than Evil Knievel! 