 Flight of the Living Dead (2007)431) A mad scientist transferring a dead woman in a freezer with an armed guard on a plane to Paris. After a bit of turbulence, the freezer breaks down and she is awake, then turns into a zombie and starts to infect all on board. A scientist accidentally escapes containment aboard a plane during turbulence. After being gunned down by a guard, she reanimates - as a zombie. A U.S. air marshall, along with a police officer, a flight attendant and a handful of passengers who've survived, must ride out the flight just to stay alive. On a routine red eye flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a renegade group of scientists has smuggled aboard a container holding a fellow scientist infected with a deadly genetically engineered virus which reanimates the dead. While the 747 crosses through violent thunderstorm, and no place to land, the flesh-eating zombies quickly spread the virus, infecting passengers and crew, the few survivors must fight for their lives stranded in the air with no way out. fotldinfo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a routine flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a renegade group of scientists has smuggled aboard a secret container holding a fellow scientist infected with a deadly genetically engineered virus which reanimates the dead. The virus is a variant of the Malaria virus, created by three scientists. They discovered and manufactured the virus with the intent of turning it into a biological weapon. Their goal was to produce soldiers who could continue fighting, even while mortally wounded. The virus is transmitted through bodily fluids. The infected have superhuman abilities, sprinting and leaping beyond human capabilities. The zombies become very durable, and one particular zombie survives despite being thrown into a plane's engine. The 747 jumbo jet encounters massive thunderstorms, and the turbulence releases the scientist from the cargo hold. A guard assigned to her kills her with an MP-5, when she re-animates and attacks and kills him, turning him into a zombie. Two of the scientists go below to ascertain if the container has been damaged by the turbulence, and are also killed, starting a zombie outbreak. They then attack several passengers in the cabin, and an epidemic of the undead begins. The uninfected passengers must now fight for survival aboard the flight. No government will allow the infected airliner to land, leaving the survivors stranded in the sky with their ravenous tormentors. Ultimately a golf pro (Billy), his wife (Anna), a cop (Burrows), a con artist (Frank), an Air Marshal (Paul) and a stewardess (Megan) are all that are left of the uninfected people. They must make their way to the cockpit and signal a fighter jet behind them that there are still living people aboard the 747 or the fighter will destroy them. After managing to get an MP-5 from the dead guard, Burrows, Frank and Billy make their way from the tail of the plane to the cockpit. Billy is bitten but manages to kill the zombie. Anna rushes to help while Paul holds off the infected in the back. Unfortunately, while fighting in close quarters, Anna is also bitten. She manages to kill the infected by stabbing an umbrella through its mouth and out the back of its head, but realizes she will shortly die and reawaken. She and Billy back up against an exit door and when he runs out of ammo they open it, sucking themselves and several zombies out of the plane to their apparently final deaths. Frank and Burrows make it to the cockpit where Frank kills the zombie copilot, and the two of them try to get the plane off autopilot and signal the fighter which fires at them. They're ultimately successful and waggle the plane's wings, alerting the fighter. The fighter pilot hits the abort key and the missile explodes away from the 747, but close enough to the plane to open a hole in the side. All the zombies are apparently sucked out. Frank and Burrows try to control the plane, but hit a mountain and crash land near Las Vegas. During the crash the pilot is reanimated and attacks them but Burrows manages to blow his head off with the MP-5. Megan, Paul, Frank and Burrows all survive and make their way towards the city, but after they leave its revealed that four zombies survived as well. The movie ends with the zombies shambling towards the city. 