 Night of the Templar (2013)Summaries Medieval knight Lord Gregoire, who has been betrayed by his own advisor and warriors for an abundance of gold and riches, vows that after these traitors revel in ten life-times of excess, he will have his bloody revenge. A Medieval Knight resurrects to fulfill his vow and bestow a blood-thirst vengeance upon the kindred spirits of those who betrayed him long ago. In the course of one night, identities will be revealed, destinies met, and a poetic justice of the macabre maniacally served. Paul Sampson Here lies a tale of passion, loyalty, deceit, betrayal...and revenge. They were Warriors. They were Crusaders. Under the leadership of the righteous GREGOIRE, this band of brothers in the Holy Order of the Knights Templar selflessly fought back-to-back, defending GOD and the "True Cross." Until one dark night of utter betrayal... Glorious was their victory that night, gold their find. The spoils were to be taken to their Grandmaster for use in furthering their "Cause." Yet greed had infected one of their number - RENAULT - and under the influence of the demon of lust, he embraced and fiendishly persuaded others to help him carry out his nefarious plan of betrayal. Among those whose hearts he blackened was the already resentful MENAS, envious of his brother MELKON, the man famed as being both the greatest swordsman in all of Europe and the right hand of Gregoire. The following morning Renault's heinous plot went into effect and Gregoire, Melkon and their beloved steward KOKO were ambushed and executed for purposes of greed. But as he lay dying, Gregoire vowed his revenge. Ten lifetimes of excess Renault and his murdering compatriots would enjoy. And then he would return to deliver their souls to Hell for all of eternity. Ten lifetimes of excess... The centuries pass and after 700 years, the allotted time of the evildoers nears culmination. One dark, stormy night, the Crusader, upon his steed, resurrects to execute his pledge of vengeance upon the now kindred spirits of those who victimized him so very long ago. The stage is set for retribution as an eclectic group assembles at a secluded manor home under the guise of a promised "fantasy weekend" to fulfill personal desires. JAKE, the "events coordinator" will have his hands full playing host to his young guests; CELINE, the alluring and promiscuous Eastern-European, ASHLEY, the contemptuous yet beautiful socialite, AMY, the innocent and meek girl-next-door, HURCOS, the predatory Middle-Eastern playboy, and JAPONIKO, the uninvited and mysterious Asian minimalist. SHAUNA, the abrasive Irish cook, and her cohort in crime BENOIT, the bone-idle English caretaker, along with the enigmatic PRIEST and the benevolent SHOPKEEPER, round out this unusual and extremely colorful cast of characters. Jake assigns the position of assistant recreational coordinator to Amy, and as she reads from an obscure storybook, the tale of Gregoire and his righteous band of Templar Knights animates, and the story of betrayal is reenacted for the guests. Blood will flow excessively as the cursed and unsuspecting kindred spirits meet their imminent destinies one-by-one during the Crusader's maniacal reprisal. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 