 From Prada to Nada (2011)Summaries A Latina spin on Jane Austen's "Sense and Sensibility": two spoiled sisters who have been left penniless after their father's sudden death are forced to move in with their estranged aunt in East Los Angeles. When their dad dies on his 55th birthday, Beverly Hills sisters Mary and Nora find themselves destitute, forced by a grasping sister-in-law to move in with their aunt in East L.A. Mary, the younger sister, is mortified: spoiled by her dad, ignorant of Spanish, scared of the vatos. Her sister convinces her to finish college, and she promptly decides that one of her T.A.s will be her ticket back to Rodeo Drive. Elder sister Nora, a law student, gets a job as a legal intern, and her supervisor Edward, brother of the grasping sister-in-law, promptly falls for her. Slowly the sisters realize what a rich place the barrio is at the same time that they get bruised in the contact sport of love. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Mary and Nora Dominguez live in Beverly Hills with their father, who's from East L.A. and who hasn't really taught the girls to embrace their Hispanic side. Mary spends her days shopping while Nora wants to be a lawyer and studies nonstop. When their father dies, the girls learn that he is bankrupt; they also learn that they have a brother, the product of an affair their father had. Upon learning about their financial situation, their brother and his girlfriend buy their home, and when the girlfriend tries to get rid of Mary and Nora, Nora decides to move in with their aunt in East L.A. Mary, who never thought of herself as Hispanic, cringes and thinks she's too good for East L.A. Mary goes back to finish her studies and falls for the new T.A. whom she learns comes from means and just might be her way back to Beverly Hills. Nora gets a job working at a law firm and learns that she is working with her brother's girlfriend's brother. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 