 Ugly Betty (20062010)55) Smart but wholesome Betty embraces her unique appearance and independent attitude in the cutthroat world of New York fashion. A young, smart and wise woman named Betty Suarez goes on a journey to find her inner beauty. The only problem is that it's hard for a slightly less attractive woman to find her beauty surrounded by tall skinny models at a fashion magazine but Betty doesn't let this stop her or her positive attitude towards her work. James Robson The series focuses on the life of wannabe writer Betty Suarez, a plain girl from Queens, N.Y., who is smart, hardworking and savvy but has a different sense of style. When publishing mogul Bradford Meade puts his son Daniel in charge of his Mode magazine, he hires Betty to be Daniel's new assistant -- mostly because he knows that she may be the only woman in Manhattan with whom the younger man won't sleep. Jwelch5742 Sweet and passionate Betty is thrown into the fast paced, overly thin and superficial world of fashion at Mode magazine. She is initially hired by the owner to ensure his immatue, player son doesn't sleep with her. Yet Betty earns Daniell Meade's respect and friendship and she helps him to secure his legacy against all the world of fashion can throw at them. Betty Suarez is smart, sweet and hard working. The only problem is that she's not thin and beautiful like all her coworkers at Mode, the high-fashion magazine where she works. The only reason the publisher hired her to be his son's secretary, is that he thought Betty was someone who Daniel would never sleep with. Betty's hard work and determination earns Daniel's respect, as she helps him find his way through the shark infested waters of the fashion industry. Ugly Betty is based on a Colombian telenovela " Yo soy Betty, la fea (1999) ". Peter Kevin Reeves It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 