 Ta Ra Rum Pum (2007)321) Ace car racer RV and his wife have the world at their feet. But he has an accident and his world is turned upside down. Can he reclaim his lost glory? When RV (Saif Ali Khan) is spotted by Harry (Jaaved Jaafery) the Manager of a failing Racing car team Speeding Saddles, everything changes for RV and the team - They shoot to the top. - the dream is complete when he meets Radhika (Rani Mukerji) and the 2 tie the knot - the world is at their feet. But when he meets with an accident, his world is turned upside down, he not only loses the edge on the track but everything he had once gained, the accolades, the fans, the money, the house the friends and the glory. It is now that his young family must help him fight his demons and get him back in the driving seat. The family struggles to survive a life that they are not used to - from a big house in a plush locality to the a run down apartment in the Bronx is not what RV wanted for his family - RV is on the road back but can he reclaim the glory for his family? Official Source Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is the story of one man, his family and how they overcome the obstacles that life puts in their way, together. It is the story of human spirit and how it ultimately prevails. Rajveer Singh (Saif Ali Khan) is a pit-crew worker in a racing team with a passion for driving who gets discovered by a team manager, Harry (Jaaved Jaaferi). The same day he accidentally meets a music student, Radhika (Rani Mukerji), who he falls for instantly. He gets drafted into Speeding Saddles a failing race team and transforms from Rajveer Singh to RV the race car driver. While his racing career takes off instantly, his love life also blossoms after a whirlwind romance. A few months later, he is both a happily married man and one of the countrys best racers. Fatherhood and greater success both follow and soon he is the Number 1 race car driver in the USA, as well as the proud father of two precocious kids Priya (Angelina Idnani) and Ranveer (Ali Haji). But as a result of a bad racing accident, RV is hospitalized for a few months. When he tries to make a comeback, he realizes that he has been mentally scarred by the accident and has lost his edge. His life now takes a turn for the worse and after a string of failures, he is forced to auction his house and move with his family to a run-down Bronx-style neighborhood. However, RV and Radhika decide not to tell their children the truth and construct a skillful masquerade of a reality show where they have to live a poor life in order to win a mythical grand prize. The family struggles to survive a life that they are not used to, using a mixture of fantasy and cheerfulness to pull through in the face of adversity. But an incident forces RV to reclaim the life that was taken away from him. Can he, once again and perhaps for a last time, face down his inner demons on the race track? Can the family remain together in the wake of what could perhaps be their biggest challenge yet? 