 Grand Theft Auto IV (2008 Video Game)541) Niko Bellic comes to Liberty City, America to live the good life, but ends up having to assist his dangerously indebted cousin Roman with his financial troubles, by any (mostly illegal) means necessary. Niko Bellic, an Eastern European war veteran, migrates to Liberty City to forget the horrific and graphic memories of his past and for a better life, things don't come out as planned as he has to wipe out mobsters and loan sharks that are preventing his cousin, Roman from making money freely. Niko Bellic, a south eastern and previous soldier migrates to America to forget all the memories from the war in his country. He comes to Liberty City to join his cousin. He comes to Liberty City to live the American Dream his cousin told him so much about. However this dream ain't true. And instead of living like a boss both of them gets thrown in to a dark underworld were they're forced to work for the mob. Niko can do anything to get what he demands - money. He is also looking for someone, and asks the mob for help. He's looking for the man who betrayed him back in the war. It seems like he lives here in Liberty City. So the dangerous journey is also a revenge mission were Niko does everything to avenge the man who killed his friends. Lunac124 Niko Bellic, a war veteran from the Bosnian war who struggles with memories of the horrors of war, migrates to Liberty City in search of a better life as well as to escape the memories of his past. His cousin, Roman, tells Niko of how great life is in Liberty City prior to his arrival. But Roman's stories turn out to be false. Instead, Roman struggles with paying off debt to other mobsters, and this puts both men, especially Niko, in a bad spot as Niko ends up having to work with mobsters in order to scrape up a living in the city. However, Niko and Roman are forced to leave their home in Hove Beach as Russian mobster, Dmitri Rascalov, puts their lives at stake. Will Niko be able to get the dreams he wishes that he wanted to have in Liberty City, or will he have to live through his memories again? Sam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Welcome to Liberty City. A place where corruption ferments and freedom is dead. You are Niko Bellic. Your cousin, Roman, has told you many things about his lavish lifestyle in America. His numerous women, cars and hottubs to accompany his big house have been the subject recent emails sent by Roman. You arrive by boat, meet Roman and take a trip to his place....Unfortunately, his place is anything but lavish. The only money Roman has was money borrowed from the wrong side of the fence, the only women Roman has are the ones that took his taxi that morning and the only hottub Roman has, is the boiling hot water in his sink. Angry, but noticing that Roman is in hot water, Niko sets out on a crusade to help Roman in his crisis, pay his debts, and do some pretty nasty things while he's at it in this instalment of the infamous series. 