 Jhoom Barabar Jhoom (2007)321) A crazy love story full of lies, deceits and a complicated quadrangle where each one has to think quickly and dance around each other's emotions. London, an overcrowded cafe, one table to share. Two strangers tell each other "how I met my fianc" stories to kill time. Rikki (Abhishek Bachchan) met his fiance Anaida (Lara Dutta) at the Ritz in Paris and Alvira (Preity Zinta) met her prince charming Steve (Bobby Deol) at Madame Tussauds in London. Stories unfold and by the end of their session the two have alarmingly gotten attracted to each other. What follows is a crazy love story full of lies, deceits and a complicated quadrangle - Rikki and Alvira have gotten themselves as well as Anaida ad Steve in to a lovely mess, where each of them have to think quick on their feet, dancing around each other's emotions playing musical chairs and lying through their teeth. If opposites attract - then this is it. Official Source Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Busy London station. Delayed train from Birmingham. Two strangers waiting for the train... Rikki Thukral (Abhishek Bachchan) born in Bhatinda, living in London; and Alvira Khan (Preity Zinta) more Brit than the Queen herself, however with Lahori blood in her veins. Crowded caf. One table to share. Two hours to kill. Perfect setting for the start of a love-story. Hitch? Both Rikki and Alvira are engaged and have come to pick up their fiancs who are coming by the same train. To kill time, they end up telling each other their how I met my fianc stories. Rikki met his fianc Anaida (Lara Dutta) at The Ritz (Paris), the same night that Princess Diana and Dodi walked out of the hotel and into the paparazzi. As Rikki says, When two lovers die, another two are a born. They dance... they sing... they're in love! Alvira, a princess by nature discovers her prince at Madame Tussauds. When a gigantic wax model of Superman falls from the ceiling, Alvira is a sitting target. But Steve the Prince (Bobby Deol), a lawyer by profession saves her life but steals her heart! They also sing, they also dance and they also fall in love... Stories unfold, time passes, the two strangers start enjoying each other. That Alvira is a Pakistani Brit and Rikki originally from India... that Rikki is crooked, earthy, and rakish: dabbler in various businesses; that Alvira is prim-n-proper, wannabe blue-blood, stiff upper-lip: Asst. Manager at House of Frasers... none of these details matter. They have gotten alarmingly attracted to each other! Their brief encounter has created a complicated quadrangle... Rikki Thukral and Alvira Khan have gotten themselves and Steve and Anaida into a lovely mess... To get out of it both of them bend over backward, thinking quickly on their feet, dancing around each others emotions... After all when youre playing musical chairs with love, theres nothing you can do but... Jhoom Barabar Jhoom (Dance Baby Dance)! 