 13: Game of Death (2006)44) After losing his job, his car and his money, Phuchit, Krissada Sukosol , races against time to complete 13 tasks ordered by an anonymous caller who promised 100,000,000 Thai Baht upon completion. Pusit is having the worst day of his life. He just lost his job and is in serious debt. That is all about to change when he receives a mysterious phone call with a tempting offer. If he could complete 13 tasks, he will win 100 million Baht. Pusit agrees and the game begins. Ploy P. 13: Game of death or 13 Beloved is a THAI horror comedy/psychological thriller movie, which revolves around a struggling and and runs up enormous debts in the wake of this accident. Shortly Phuchit's life encounters a juncture when he receives a mobile phone call made by some anonymous callers who urge him to partake in certain 13 spooky games. The games, that follow consecutively, become progressively challenging and detestable to test the patience of Phuchit. If Phuchit qualifies all of them successfully, he has a chance to win a whopping amount of money against every game, as the prize to be given by the callers. Assuming the offer as a great way to restore his means, Phuchit reluctantly gives his consent to undertake the venturesome project only to give the remainder of the plot a sensational yet sinister turn. Vikas Struggling to make ends meet and to bounce back after falling victim to a string of bad luck, the down-on-his-luck salesman, Phuchit, is drowning in debt. Then, unexpectedly, Phuchit receives a phone call from a stranger, informing him that he must execute thirteen tasks to receive an immense financial reward. Hesitantly, Phuchit decides to take part and accepts the first seemingly innocuous and relatively easy challenge: swat a fly. Now, with twelve more tasks to go, Phuchit can't help believing that, even though cash starts flowing in his bank account, he is trapped in the elaborate plan of the unseen masterminds behind the sinister game. Little by little, as Phuchit's need to complete the game escalates, the tasks grow more extreme, to a devastating point of no return. How far is Phuchit willing to go to complete the game of death? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 