 Garden Party (2008)Summaries April (age 15) is running from one bad situation into another, hoping to find an answer that doesn't involve nudity, and falls in with a group of confused kids chasing their dreams. The black widow in the web is the sexy, pot-dealing Sally. Are you young, sexually confused, just trying to get by? Do you sing, dance or possess some other talent? Welcome to the Garden Party. At the center of the story is 15-year-old April. She is running from one bad situation into another, hoping to find an answer that doesn't involve taking off her clothes. As April navigates Los Angeles, she falls in with a group of confused kids struggling to chase their dreams. The black widow at the center of this web is a sexy, pot-dealing realtor named Sally St. Clair. Anyone who gets too close falls victim to her kinky entanglements. For some it goes bad, for other worse. Lookout Films April (Willa Holland) is a 15-year-old runaway who arrives in Los Angeles expecting to find a job as an actress and she stays at her lesbian cousin's home while she looks for a place to live for herself. Meanwhile, Sammy (Erik Scott Smith) is a talented homeless singer, musician and composer that meets a guy who offers him an opportunity to become a pop star. Elsewhere, Nathan (Alex Cendese) is a young gay guy that has come to Los Angeles expecting to be a dancer but instead finds work as a secretary to real state agent Sally St. Claire (Vinessa Shaw) who sells marijuana on the sides to earn extra cash for herself. Also, Todd (Richard Gunn) is an artist that neglects his girlfriend and spends most of his time on porn websites. Their lives are entwined when pornographer Anthony (Patrick Fischler) meets Nathan and April in a bar and he offers both of them $2,000 to take nude pictures of them. Nathan befriends Sammy on the street and offers to take him into his home until he finds a place to live. Sally hires April to work in her office with Nathan. And, Sally begins dating Todd and finds that there are pictures of her online. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 