 Biyeolhan geori (2006)44) A small time thug collecting debts for the local triad is torn between his criminal aspirations and his devotion to family. Kim Byung-doo, a low-level criminal, is far from becoming a professional gangster. Dangerous and ambitious in equal doses, Byung-doo is willing to go to great lengths to rise through the ranks of his boss Sang-chul's organisation; however, he still hasn't earned it. Desperate for cash, while unable to take care of his family, eventually, Byung-doo seizes his golden opportunity to impress the big boss and accepts to do away with a greedy public prosecutor who knew too much. Nevertheless, every promotion has a price, and nothing is what it seems in the cruel realm of the violent criminal underworld. And before long, Byung-doo will discover the dirty truth in an already dangerous game. Nick Riganas Byung-du is a 29-year-old career criminal, working for the middle-rank enforcer Sang-chul. Burdened with a terminally ill mother and taking care of younger siblings, Byung-du is feeling financial pressure as a substitute patriarch. When the big boss President Hwang is cornered by a corrupt prosecutor, Byung-du volunteers for a whack job and wins the big man's trust. However, his real trouble begins when friend Min-ho, an aspiring movie director, asks him to be a consultant for the latter's debut film. Anon In Seoul, Byung-Doo is a twenty-nine year old gangster that works under the command of Sang-Shui in the mobster organization of the boss Hwang. Byung-Doo is also the patriarch of his family and is having financial problems to support his old mother that is very ill and his younger siblings. When Hwang is pressed by the corrupt prosecutor Park, Byung-Doo sees the chance to prove his loyalty to Hwang, climb positions in his criminal career and improve his income, and he volunteers to get rid off Park, killing him and burying his body and the secret with his partner Jong-Soo. Meanwhile, his former high school friend and aspirant director Kim Min-Ho meets him asking Byung-Doo to be his advisor in his debut movie about gangsters. Later Byung-Doo goes to a high school reunion with Min-Ho where he meets his high school crush Hyun-Joo (and the start seeing each other. One night, after arguing with Hyun-Joo, Byung-Doo gets drunk and makes confidences to Min-Ho about his secret, affecting his relationship in the criminal organization and friendship. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 