 No Smoking (2007)Summaries A heavily addicted smoker is unprepared for the true price he must pay when he asks a guru's help to kick the habit. K lives a wealthy lifestyle in India along with his widowed mother and brother, J. His mother works as an interpreter with the German embassy. As a child K acquired the habit of chain-smoking along with his friend, Abbas Tyrewala. Now matured, running his own business, married to Anjali, who also doubles as his Secretary, Annie, K continues to chain-smoke. When Abbas quits, he manages to convince K to undergo treatment at the Prayogshala located near Kalkatta Karpets but K refuses. He changes his mind when Anjali moves out, decides to undergo treatment, goes to Prayogshala, meets with Guruji, is forcibly enlisted, then again forced to sign a Cheque for 21 Lakhs Rupees for his treatment, and after doing so is discharged with a warning that very bad things will happen to him and everyone of his family if he dares to smoke again. Watch what happens when K decides to secretly re-locate and continue to smoke. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Multi-millionaire K lives with his widowed mother and a younger brother J. His mother is employed as a translator with the German Embassy. In childhood K has acquired chain-smoking from a friend named Abbas Tyrewala. Years later after his maturity; K is now marry to Anjali who is employed as his secretary, Annie, in his business empire while he continues to chain smoke much to the chagrin of Anjali, who wants him to abstain from such a habit. Anjali, who with the encouragement of Abbas, who has now quit-ted smoking advises K to visit a rehabilitation center called Prayogshala located in Kalkatta Karpets, to quit smoking but K refuses only to change his mind after Anjali threatens to divorce him. K is then detained by Guruji alias Baba Bengali and is asked to sign a cheque of 21 Lakhs for his treatment as well as threatened with dire consequences if he continues to smoke. After his discharged; K does attempts to smoke but finds his himself in a nightmare position with his and his loved ones lives. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 