 Tin Man (2007)431) A re-imagining of L. Frank Baum's classic "The Wizard of Oz". Set in the spirit of L. Frank Baum's classic, the "Tin Man" follows the adventures of DG, a waitress and part-time student, as she travels through the mystical world of "The O. Z. (Outer Zone)", discovering her hidden past. This well-known story takes a twist in this SyFy adaptation as DG battles the sorceress Azkadellia along with the help of three friends; Glitch, a former adviser to the Queen whose brain has been removed; Raw, a psychic empath; and Wyatt Cain, a former police man (aka Tin-man) who has been imprisoned in an iron suit, forced to watch his family's destruction time and time again. Although parallels can be made to the original book this story takes its own path down the yellow brick road. DG is a waitress ripped out of her boring life by a cyclone that drops her into "The O.Z." (Outer Zone). She learns that this new land is beautiful and deadly, since it lies in thrall to Azkadellia, a ruthless sorceress who has seized power. All Azkadellia needs to make her conquest complete is the Emerald of the Eclipse, but the location is buried in DG's subconscious. As DG follows her dangerous path along the Old Brick Road, she is joined by brainless Glitch, troubled former lawman Wyatt Cain, and terrified oracle Raw. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tin Man is a bold re-imagining of the Frank L. Baum classic, The Wizard of Oz. This miniseries is set in an Oz that is part fantasy, part sci-fi, where good and evil balance on a razor's edge in a terrible 15-year struggle for domination. Thrust into this decidedly darker Oz-- or Outer Zone-- is young DG ( Zooey Deschanel ), a waitress at a roadside diner who feels that she doesn't fit into the life she's living, and dreams of something bigger and better. Little does DG know that she is about to find herself in a world that is indeed bigger, and more wondrous, but is also frightening and terrible. Aided by the addled Glitch ( Alan Cumming ), the psychic leonine Viewer Raw ( Raoul Max Trujillo ), and the hard-as-nails ex-police officer Wyatt Cain ( Neal McDonough ), known as a 'Tin Man' in the O.Z. DG must brave this strange world and face up to the most unlikely of enemies as she learns stunning truths not only about the O.Z. ... but about her own past and future. As a miniseries on the SyFy cable channel, Tin Man aired in three episodes. Each episode is being given its own synopsis. Please visit the episode links and see each episode for its synopsis. 