 Detective Conan: The Fourteenth Target (1998)211) People who were linked with Mori Kogoro are being attacked or killed according to their names' number sequences. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning of the movie, Ran has a dream of her mother, Eri, being shot. Ran later calls Eri and tells her of her dream. The scene then briefly changes to a scene of a jail, where a man named Jo Murakami holds out a notebook that says, "Beika City, Kogoro Mouri." The scene transitions again to the Detective Boys waiting on a bench for Professor Agasa. While waiting, Ayumi tries a love match, and the machine tells her Conan and Ayumi are a perfect match. She then tries Conan's fortune, which is "A chance for an A (kiss)"; when Conan hears this he wonders how old that machine is. Agasa then comes, and takes the Detective Boys to the Tohto[1] Aeronautic Memorial Museum. On display there, there are many kinds of helicopters and planes. While there, Agasa tries to give a quiz, only to be intercepted by Mitsuhiko. Mitsuhiko's quiz: Three guys, born on New Year's Day, April Fool's, and Children's Day formed a club. What was their club called? The answer: Tonakai (Reindeer). If you add up their birthdays, they become To-na-kai, a kind of audio-visual pun. Once Conan answers the quiz, they see Shishido Eimei taking pictures around the museum. Back at the Mouri Detective Agency, Jo Murakami is shown knocking on the door. When he gets no answer, he leaves. Ran is shown with Sonoko at the autograph signing of one of the essayist, Minoru Nishina, his books, where she tells him to keep writing "tasty" books. They later go to a cafe, and Ran mentions the fight that caused Kogoro's and Eri's separation when she was seven. Ran also mentions that the dinner with Eri is at seven o'clock. Conan later comes back to the agency to see Kogoro just getting ready. He sees a TV interview on Katsuyoshi Asashi, the owner of the entertainment complex, "Aquacrystal", but Ran turns the TV off and Conan quickly gets ready. At the dinner at the restaurant, "La Fleur", Eri is shown to be as sharp as ever, predicting that Kogoro would be late because he played mahjong until late. Right after, a professional golfer by the name of Hiroki Tsuji, also an acquaintance of Kogoro's, comes into the restaurant. Kogoro mentions that Tsuji is participating in the U.S. Open. During a dinner, Ran shows a surprising amount of knowledge about wine, knowing what the grape badge (a mark of a sommelier) was for, what the tastevin around the sommelier's neck is what its for. Conan is shown enjoying the dinner, but Ran later notices that Conan's mouth is dirty, and tries to clean him up. At the moment, Conan remembers his fortune "A chance for a kiss" and blushes. However, Kogoro uses his cloth to clean Conan up, which gets Conan angry. Kogoro and Eri show surprisingly good chemistry during the dinner, and during the conversation Eri mentions 10 years ago when Kogoro and Eri came to this restaurant. But then, Kogoro suddenly notices Peter Ford, a newscaster, near Towako Okano. When Kogoro expresses anger, believing that Ford was flirting with Okano, Eri mistakenly thinks that Kogoro loves Okano, and leaves. A week later, Megure is shown shot by an arrow while jogging along with his wife. Kogoro, the Detective Boys, and Ran come to visit Megure in the hospital. Shiratori tells them that the arrow was shot with a crossbow, and a western sword was found at the scene. Later, Eri is shown at her office, and her assistant gives her a package with Zigoba chocolates inside. Eri eats one, but suddenly falls unconscious, poisoned by agricultural chemicals. However, Eri is not in danger, as she was quickly rushed into the hospital. On the chocolate box, there is a paper flower that seems familiar to Conan. Conan is later shown with Professor Agasa, the latter fixing up Conan's skateboard, when suddenly the front door is shattered with a rock. When Agasa goes to investigate what happened, he is shot by a mysterious person on a motorcycle. When the man flees, Conan gives chase on his skateboard, but quickly loses him at a fork. He contacts the Detective Boys to look for a bike, where the Detective Boys give the man's approximate location. When the person sees Conan, he suddenly sharply turns and rides up and down a stairway. Conan tries to give chase, but is distracted by a falling old woman, and loses the person. When Conan returns to the house, he finds a mysterious object, and finally realizes the connection between the sword, the flower, and the strange object, as well as the victims. The sword, flower, and the strange object are objects held by the King, Queen, and Jack of playing cards. In addition, Megure's first name, Juzo, can be read as 13. Kisaki in English means Queen. Agasa's last name Hiroshi's last character, shi, is a combination of 10 and 1. Megure comes into the room, and tells that Jo Murakami may be the culprit of the serial killing. Kogoro also mentions that it wouldn't be strange if Murakami has a grudge, giving that he arrested the latter before. When Shiratori tries to give specifics, Megure suddenly cuts him off. Kogoro then mentions that he knows someone with ten, or "tou" in her name, Towako. The police quickly rush and place Towako under protection. When Ran and Conan later asks Shiratori what he was going to say, he mentions that Murakami tried to escape arrest, and held Ran's mother as hostage. Despite standard training, Kogoro opens fire on a captor, and eventually left the force. When Conan calls Ran as Shinichi later, she asks him if he would shoot on a captor. Conan mentions that although Kogoro did shoot Eri, he questions if that was the whole truth, and hangs up. At the agency, Conan later sees another person with ten in his name, Hiroki Tsuji. Megure, Kogoro, and Shiratori quickly rush to Tsuji's location, along with Ran and Conan. Tsuji refuses to cancel the trip, but allows Megure and Mouri to escort him to Tohto[1] Airport. Conan is later shown to have snuck on the helicopter. During the flight, Tsuji suddenly suffers sun glare. Conan attempts to land the helicopter at Teitan Elementary. In addition, Conan contacts the Detective Boys, who attempt to evacuate everyone in the schoolyard. However, the helicopter hits a downdraft, causing it to crash. The helicopter later explodes due to a gas leak. The eye drops that Tsuji used turned out to be mydriatic medicine, making Tsuji's pupils dilate and cause him to be blinded by the sun. Because mydriatic medicine takes from 10 days to two weeks, Tsuji ends up unable to participate in the U.S. Open. Kogoro mentions that he knows no one with nine in their name, but he knows an eight, Kohei Sawaki. Megure, Kogoro, Conan, and Ran visit Kohei Sawaki at his residence. Sawaki turns out to have a somewhat large collection of wine in his apartment, and while Conan is walking, he notices some damage on the floor. Sawaki mentions that he dropped a wine bottle there. Sawaki mentions that he will be going to Aquacrystal, to have a meeting with the owner Asahi about the restraunt over there. At the moment, Shiratori then notices there is a nine in Asahi. Conan and Ran follow Megure and Kogoro over to Aquacrystal, where they meet Osani Nana-san (seven), Nishina Minoru (two), Shishido Eimei (six), Peter Ford (Four) - Last name (Ford) has phonetic similarity to "four." They ride the monorail over to the main complex. Once they get to the restaurant, they notice that Shiratori Ninzaburo has a three. Ran mentions that Shinichi is one. Osani then challenges Minoru Nishina, saying the restaurant Nishina recommended was terrible. Osani gives Nishina a blind tasting challenge, where Nishina incorrectly deducts Chambertin. Sawaki then correctly deducts the wine, saying it was a Beaujolais Moulin-a-Vent. Conan gets some juice for Ran, and surprisingly Kogoro takes the other juice instead of drinking beer. When Conan goes and gets some more juice, he notices Sawaki tasting some chili powder. When the crew later browses the wine chamber, Sawaki narrowly dodges a booby trap apparently setup by Murakami. The police realize that Asahi may be already dead. While the crew tries to leave, Nana notices the drowned body of Asahi, and the entrance to the restaurant is locked. Conan asks Nana about her strange wording when she heard about Murakami's release. Depressed with guilt, Nana reveals about an accident she caused 3 months ago due to her reckless driving. The emergency exit is blocked with cement, leaving no way of escape. The rest spread out to look for alternate exits, Nana stays behind with Ran and Conan. Conan decides to join the men in the search, but Ran catches him. At the same time, the power is cuts, sending Nana into a panic. When the lights come back on, Nana is found stabbed. When Conan notes the culprit grabbed Nana with the right hand, he realizes Murakami is not the culprit as Murakami is left-handed. Conan goes and gets some mineral water for everyone. While everyone drinks, Conan mentions he found the true culprit. At that moment, the lights go off by an explosion. Another explosion causes the restaurant to flood. Kogoro saves Nishina, who is a hopeless swimmer, and Conan notices everyone but Ran made it. It's shown Ran was caught on the car, so Conan goes bail her out. When Conan tries to save her, however, he ends up getting his leg stuck and goes out. However, Ran gives the oxygen that Conan had given to her in the form of a kiss, then passes out. Conan quickly uses the elastic suspenders to move the car, and save both himself and Ran. The crew later finds another exit due to the flooding. When Sawaki tries to give CPR to Nishina, Conan, using Kogoro's voice, insists that Shiratori do the CPR instead. While CPR is given, Conan knocks out and starts deducing through Kogoro. Conan reveals that the culprit was not Murakami due to the fact that Murakami is left-handed, but the culprit was right-handed. Kohei Sawaki is the culprit. He notes Sawaki has aguesia, a disorder that robs the ability to taste. He supports this by the fact Sawaki was tasting chili pepper, while a regular sommelier would never do something like this. He also mentions that while Conan brought mineral water to the crew, Sawaki's cup was the only one with salt. Conan also tells that Nana has left the evidence that Sawaki is the murderer in his pocket: the cork that she drew with her nail polish, as well that the still missing Ace of Spade that he still has in possession. Sawaki reveals that wanted to take revenge against Nana for being responsible for the accident that caused him this condition, Tsuji for mocked him of his sommelier's pride, Asahi for not taking care of prized wines properly, and Nishina for his bad writings about the wines. Sawaki reveals he "strangled" Murakami to death. Out of all the victims, Sawaki only wanted to kill Hiroki Tsuji, Katsuyoshi Asashi, Nana Osani, and Minoru Nishina. The motive for attacking the other victims according to card numbers was because Sawaki wanted to camouflage the motive as Murakami taking revenge on Kogoro and to remove suspicion from himself by hiding among the victims. The bomb was an attempt to drown Nishina as he can't swim, and to kill the rest should they were not able to make it out alive. He also reveals that he murdered Murakami, who redeemed himself and wanted to make peace with Kogoro, and using him as the scapegoat for all the serial murders. With all his crimes exposed, Sawaki attempts to escape while taking Ran hostage. He also sets off more explosives, causing the Aquacrystal to collapse. Kogoro, Megure, and Conan give chase to Sawaki, while Shishido and Ford help Nishina escape to the shore. When Shiratori points a gun at Sawaki on the rooftop, Conan mentions that because his hands are shaking, it would hit Ran. Shiratori throws his gun as a sign of surrender. When Sawaki sees Megure and Shiratori getting ready to attack, he demands that Conan bring the gun to him. Conan picks up the gun, then realizes why Kogoro shot Eri back then. He shoots, while the bullet barely grazes Ran, knocking her unconscious. Kogoro takes down Sawaki, and helps Conan save Ran. When Sawaki tries to commit suicide, Kogoro saves him, demanding he stay alive to face justice. The people remaining leave on the helicopter, Kogoro remembers he is scared of heights. Afterward Ran is sent to hospital while holding Ace of Spade "the survived Shinichi". She and Conan later visit Eri to learn the real reason of their separation; Kogoro telling her to stop cooking since her food is bad (as his way of caring of telling her to rest instead). Ran and Conan however, know fully well that Eri's cooking is indeed "not so good". 