 Missionary Man (2007)541) A mysterious stranger rolls into town on a unique motorcycle. All he carries is the bible and a desire for justice. Past vengeance collides as Ryder rights an injustice from his past and liberates the small town from a malicious oppressor. A lone biker rides into town in the aftermath of the death of his good friend J.J. Once there Ryder discovers that his friend didn't die but was murdered by a local businessman who would let nothing stand in the way of his plans to build a state of the art casino on Indian reservation land. On a mission of justice Ryder confronts and defeats Reno and his men in a tour de force show down where the one (Ryder) vanquishes the many. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment When Ryder, a mysterious stranger with a score to settle, rolls into a small town unannounced, life forever changes for its citizens caught under the oppressive thumb of a local tyrant. Armed with his Bible, his motorcycle and his thirst for revenge. Ryder faces down the evil dictator in true vigilante style, proving that justice still packs a punch. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment A mysterious biker arrives in a small town in an Indian reservation for the funeral of his friend J.J. and discovers through his family that he was murdered by the men of the powerful John Reno. The corrupt businessman plans to build a casino in association with criminals from the North in the town and J.J. opposed to his intentions offering a better option to the locals. The lone vigilante decides to stay in town with his bible and drinking straight tequila and like an avenging angel, bring justice to people. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is a detailed ripoff of "Pale Rider," the Eastwood flick from 1985. Motorcycles replace horses, a young native American girl replaces the young girl in 'Rider', and Dolph Lundgren tries to replace Eastwood. Lundgren even plays a preacher, a la Eastwood, though one with frightening combat skills. The town is run by a corrupt drug dealer, mirroring the corrupt gold miner in 'Rider'. Each has thugs who are no match for the protagonist. The movies match nearly scene for scene, so there is nothing more to add. I hope someone was paid royalties. 