 Nine Dead (2009)Summaries Nine strangers are kidnapped and forced to figure out the connection they have to each other as one has to die every ten minutes. Communication is the key for the survival of nine strangers who have been kidnapped by a masked gunman and told that one of them will die every ten minutes until they discover why they are there. Can they figure it out before they all die? Anonymous A masked gunman is on the prowl, kidnapping seemingly random victims without hesitation or remorse. First, a Vegas club owner, then a Hollywood actor and then a Los Angeles District Attorney; all taken in the blink of an eye with expert precision. The police are helpless and baffled by the kidnapper's motive even as one of their own detectives falls victim to the one-man crime-wave. The true number of kidnapped victims and the assailant's motive comes to a haunting reality when nine strangers find themselves handcuffed to nine separate poles in a bunker built by the masked gunman who is hell bent on revenge. But the gun in his hand and the threat of death are just tools in his forced act of attrition. If the Gunman is going to succeed, he needs someone to live. "I have brought the nine of you here for a reason. Your survival depends on you figuring out what that reason is. I will leave you alone for you discussions but I will return over ten minutes and kill one of you until you figure out why I have brought you here, or until you are all dead." And with his single deadly statement, the gunman closes the bunker door, leaving the nine stranger scared, desperate and unsure of who will be the first one killed or if any will live. They confess their worst crimes, sins and innermost fears hoping to find the connection that will keep them alive. As each ten-minute period expires, the gunman re-enters the bunker and asks his one simple question. "Why are you here?" If they don't have every piece of his twisted puzzle a single gunshot kills one of the nine resetting the clock giving survivors another chance to uncover the gunman's truth. Criminals, everyday citizens, a cop, a lawyer and a priest have all been extracted from their lives and thrust into a world of betrayal, deceit and murder. Unsure who to trust and what to believe, the nine must rely on each other before the clock on the next victims life runs down to zero. Can their differences and prejudices be put asides? Will the answers come out? Who of the nine live and who dies? Only time will tell. You have ten minutes. Fabrication Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 