 Army of the Dead (2021)321) Following a zombie outbreak in Las Vegas, a group of mercenaries take the ultimate gamble, venturing into the quarantine zone to pull off the greatest heist ever attempted. With the abandoned, walled city of Las Vegas overrun with zombies, after a disastrous government fault, the billionaire casino magnate, Bly Tanaka, realises that he has left something in Sin City: $200 million to be more precise. For the time being, his mountains of cash are safe behind his impenetrable casino vault; however, the US President plans to nuke the entire city in less than 96 hours. Now, Tanaka is willing to pay $50 million to the decorated former mercenary, Scott Ward, and his hand-picked team to retrieve the money before the bomb obliterates the city. Indeed, this is a life-changing offer Scott cannot refuse; nevertheless, the rules have changed, and the horde of the walking undead seems to be more organised than they might have expected. But, time is running out. Can they return from Vegas in one piece and rich? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A U.S. military convoy transporting a shipment from Area 51 collides with a car on the highway, unleashing a zombie. It kills a number of soldiers while infecting two others. The zombies head to Las Vegas, infecting most of the city's population. After a failed military intervention, the government quarantines the city. Casino owner Bly Tanaka (Hiroyuki Sanada) and his associate Martin (Garret Dillahunt) approach former mercenary Scott Ward (Dave Bautista) about a job to recover $200 million from his casino vault before the military destroys the city with a tactical nuclear strike. Ward agrees and recruits his former teammates Maria Cruz and Vanderohe, along with helicopter pilot Marianne Peters (Tig Notaro), German safecracker Ludwig Dieter, and Chicano sharpshooter Mikey Guzman, who brings along his associate Chambers. Martin joins the team to observe them. Ward's estranged daughter Kate (Ella Purnell), who works at a quarantine camp, directs them to Lily (Nora Arnezeder), a smuggler familiar with the city. Lily recruits Burt Cummings (Theo Rossi), a camp security guard. When Kate learns Lily escorted her friend Geeta (Huma Qureshi) into Vegas, Kate insists on joining the team over Ward's objections. After a tense encounter with a zombie-tiger named Valentine upon entering Vegas, Lily wounds Cummings, and explains that a more intelligent group of zombies known as Alphas are willing to allow safe passage in exchange for a sacrifice. An Alpha female known as the Queen takes Cummings away to the Olympus casino, where the Alpha leader Zeus infects him. Lily leads the team to a building full of hibernating, normal zombies. Ward creates a path through the zombies with glow sticks. When Chambers accuses Martin of ulterior motives, he diverts her off the path, and she wakes the zombies. As she is overpowered, Guzman shoots her gas tank, blowing her and the zombies up. At Bly's casino, Ward and Kate turn on the power, Peters prepares a helicopter on the roof and Dieter works on the vault. Martin and Lily stay outside under the pretense of keeping watch, but instead lure the Queen into the open. Martin beheads her and takes her head. Zeus discovers her body and returns her to the Olympus casino, revealing that the Queen was pregnant with a zombie fetus. Enraged, Zeus directs the Alphas to Bly's casino. A news report reveals the government has rushed the nuclear strike, giving the team approximately one hour. As Dieter opens the vault, Ward discovers Kate had left to look for Geeta. As Ward and Cruz are about to look for her, the elevator opens and Alphas kill Cruz. Martin traps the team in the basement, explaining that Bly cares only about the zombie head, which can create a zombie army for the government. When he steps outside, he discovers Lily stole the Queen's head, and Valentine mauls him to death. Vanderohe attempts to fight Zeus but is easily overpowered. Dieter appears to sacrifice himself to get Vanderohe in the vault safely. Ward, Lily, and Guzman make it to the lobby where zombies attack them and swarm Guzman. Guzman detonates his grenades, killing the zombies and destroying the money he carried. Zeus confronts them on the roof. Lily distracts him with the Queen's head as Ward and Peters escape. Zeus impales Lily, but she destroys the Queen's head before dying. Ward asks Peters to take him to the Olympus casino to retrieve Kate. There, Kate finds Geeta and kills Cummings. Zeus corners them, but Ward subdues him with a grenade launcher. Geeta, Kate, and Ward reach the roof but find it empty. Thinking Peters has deserted them, she reappears just as Zeus reaches the roof. All three jump aboard the helicopter, as does Zeus. Zeus overpowers Ward and bites him. Kate hits Zeus before Ward shoots and kills him. The nuke destroys the city and the shockwave causes the helicopter to crash, killing Peters and Geeta. Kate survives and finds Ward, who gives Kate money to start a new life before turning into a zombie. Kate kills him and cries as a rescue helicopter arrives. Vanderohe exits the vault with the remaining money. He drives to Utah, where he rents a private plane to take him to Mexico City. On the flight, he feels sick and discovers that he has been bitten. 