 5 Centimeters per Second (2007)431) Told in three interconnected segments, we follow a young man named Takaki through his life as cruel winters, cold technology, and finally, adult obligations and responsibility converge to test the delicate petals of love. Takaki and Akari are two classmates in elementary school. During their time together they have become close friends. Their relationship is tested when Akari moves to another city because of her parents' jobs. Both of them struggle to keep their friendship alive, as time and distance slowly pulls them apart. When Takaki finds out that he is moving further away, he decides to visit Akari one last time. Anonymous Takaki and Akari, two very close friends and classmates, attended elementary school together. One day, they cannot be together anymore because of Akari's family. Their plans to attend the same middle school are now shattered. The two continue to keep in touch via mails. However, as time goes by, the distance between the two grows larger and larger, making the possibility for them to meet again almost impossible. What fate awaits Takaki and Akari, and will they be able to meet again? Scientiiaa Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Episode 1: Oukashou Upon graduating from elementary school, Takaki Tono and his close friend Akari Shinohara drifted apart. Akari moved to Tochigi Prefecture due to her parents' jobs, while Takaki attended a junior high in Tokyo. The two kept in contact by writing letters, but despite the special feelings that existed between them, the only thing that persisted was time. When Takaki became aware that his family would move to Kagoshima, he decided to go see Akari since they would be too far apart to visit each other after he moved. However, when the day came, a severe snowstorm delayed Takaki's trip, and it would be hours before he reached Iwafune, where they promised to meet. The two spend the night together in an abandoned cabin, where copulation is strongly implied. Episode 2: Cosmonaut Takaki is now in the third year of senior high in Tanegashima, where the Tanegashima Space Center is located. Kanae Sumita, a classmate of Takaki, has special feelings for Takaki, but she does not have the courage to express her love to him. She later observes that Takaki is always staring off into the distance, as if searching for something far far away. Episode 3: Byousoku 5 Centimeter It is now 2008, and all three characters have gone their separate ways. Takaki is now a computer programmer in Tokyo, and Akari is preparing to get married. One day, Takaki goes out and sees the face of a familiar-looking woman at a railroad-crossing. Puzzled by the encounter, he tries to look back, but a train comes and cuts off his view. The plot synopsis is licensed under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License. 