 Christmas in Wonderland (2007)Summaries Three children and their father move from Los Angeles, California to Edmonton, Alberta. When they go shopping at West Edmonton Mall, they find counterfeit cash, inadvertently help catch crooks, and make a discovery about Santa. It's turning out to be a pretty rotten Christmas for the Saunders family. Having just moved to Edmonton, Alberta from Los Angeles, California, they have no friends, no money, and, with the exception of the bright-eyed Mary (Amy and Zoe Schlagel), no Christmas spirit. To make matters worse, their mother, Judy (Rachel Hayward), is stuck in Los Angeles, stranded by airline overbookings. So, the Christmas shopping duties fall on dad, Wayne (Patrick Swayze), and the gloomy kids. Things start looking a bit more like Christmas when twelve-year-old Brian (Matthew Knight) and six-year-old Mary find a satchel of money at the local mall and they launch a Yuletide shopping spree, that is, until the crooks who counterfeited the money chase them through the mall packed with holiday shoppers. James Orr It's Christmas Eve. The Saunders have just moved to Edmonton, Alberta from Los Angeles, California. It doesn't seem like it's going to be a very good Christmas for anyone in the family. Sixteen-year-old Danny (Cameron Bright) and twelve-year-old Brian (Matthew Knight) hate Edmonton and miss their friends back in Los Angeles. Six-year-old Mary (Amy and Zoe Schlagel) isn't sure that Santa knows they've moved, and is worried he won't find them. Although he doesn't tell the kids, their father Wayne (Patrick Swayze) lost his new job before it started, and their mother, Judy (Rachel Hayward), doesn't look like she can get a flight from Los Angeles to Edmonton to make it home in time for Christmas. Regardless, Wayne decides to take the kids to West Edmonton Mall to do their last-minute Christmas shopping. At the mall, Wayne has his own problems with regard to their financial struggles. Danny begins to have a new appreciation for Edmonton when he spots a beautiful girl at the wave pool. He spends his time trying to locate her through the vast complex, and Brian and his charge Mary find a bagful of cash that literally falls out of the sky. Aware of the financial difficulties facing the family, Brian and Mary decide to keep the money and indulge in a little Christmas shopping of their own. What they are initially unaware of is that the money belongs to a bunch of counterfeiters, the inept Cardoza brothers [Leo (Chris Kattan) and Sheldon (Preston Lacy)] and their vaingloriously beautiful leader Ginger Peachum (Carmen Electra), who were planning on laundering that counterfeit money at the mall. While Leo, Sheldon, and Ginger track Brian and Mary; mall security, who have been alerted to the counterfeit money circulating through the mall, have called in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, led by Gordon McLoosh (Tim Curry), who has issues of his own while he tries to find out the source of the counterfeit money. Through it all, the mall's Santa Claus (Matthew Walker) may be able to restore a little Christmas faith into the Saunders family. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 