 Troubled Water (2008)431) A man convicted in his teens for killing a child is released on parole. He struggles to build a new life, but his past is uncovered. A man convicted in his teens for killing a child is released on parole. He finds work as a church organist and develops a rewarding relationship with a priest and her young son. However, his caring for the boy catches the attention of his old victim's mother, bringing to the surface her bad memories and unanswered questions. This draws them both into troubled waters, having to learn when to hold on and when to let go. Vages In high hopes of wiping the slate clean--after a long, eight-year stint in jail for a hideous crime--Jan Thomas is ready to bury the past and start afresh. Thanks to his effortless talent, Jan lands a job as a church organist in Oslo, taking great pains to conceal his ignoble past from Anna, a compassionate single mother-of-one and pastor. But, prison changes people, and before long, the dark past comes back to haunt Jan when Agnes, a pained mother unable to cope with the loss of her little boy, crosses paths with Jan. Can the truth set Jan free? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As a teenager, Jan Thomas Hansen (Pl Sverre Valheim Hagen) and a friend run off with young boy Isak in a stroller left outside a cafe by the mother. The boy runs away, slips, and falls on a rock, suffering an apparently fatal head injury. Pressured by his friend, Jan Thomas, afraid of the consequences, carries the boy into a nearby river with a strong current, where he sets him adrift. Jan Thomas testifies that the boy was killed by the fall, but he is convicted of murder. While in jail, he plays the organ for church services. As a young adult he is released from prison and works as an organ player at a church. He befriends Anna (Ellen Dorrit Petersen), the priest of the church and a single mother, and her young son Jens. Agnes (Trine Dyrholm), Isak's mother, sees that Jan Thomas has been released and is concerned for the safety of her two adopted daughters. Her panicking reaction causes strain in her relationship with the two girls, as well as with her husband. Meanwhile, her husband accepts a job offer that will move their family to Denmark, in the hopes of easing Agnes' anxiety. Agnes sees Jan Thomas together with Jens, and is also concerned that Jens may not be safe. When Jan Thomas lets Jens wait a few minutes outside Jens' school while Jan Thomas picks something up in the school, he returns to find Jens missing. Jan Thomas is very concerned when Jens is missing. Scared by ensuing events, Jens flees into the river and almost drowns. With great danger for himself Jan Thomas catches him, and holds on to a branch, after which Agnes, in a surprise twist of plot, helps them reach the shore. Jan Thomas confesses to Agnes what really happened earlier to her son Isak. 