 Goyband (2008)321) Not "everything" in this Casino is Kosher. Goyband is a romantic comedy that fuses music and pop culture with a satirical (albeit gentle) look into Orthodox Judaism and Kabbalah. The word "Goy" is Yiddish for a non-Jewish male. In our story, Adam Pascal of "Rent" fame plays ex-boyband pop star, Bobby Starr. Bobby Starr is booked to headline the grand opening of the first Kosher Casino in the Catskills, (hence the title Goyband.) The reason Bobby gets this unlikely booking is that the daughter of the hotel owner, Rebekkah (played by Amy Davidson of "8 Simple Rules for Dating my Teenage Daughter") has a secret crush on him - hiring him to perform live at the hotel is her last act of rebellion before committing to her arranged marriage. Chris Grimm and Christa McNamee Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A former boy-band superstar falls for a rebellious Jewish girl while performing at the world's first kosher hotel/casino in this romantic comedy starring Adam Pascal. Back in the 1990s, Bobby Starr (Pascal) was sending teenage girls into a frenzy as the brooding front man of Eye Candy, one of the biggest boy bands ever. But fame is fleeting, and these days the former chart-topper falls back on nostalgia to maintain a steady income, frequently performing at birthday parties and bar mitzvahs for the children of his former fans. When Bobby begins his week-long stand at the Mazel Hotel and casino, the head rabbis are flummoxed -- how did this hip-swinging gentile land a gig performing for Orthodox Jews? The answer to this question lies with Rebekka, the daughter of the hotel's owner. Rebekka has harbored a crush on Bobby since childhood, and it was she who suggested her father hire the has-been to help open the hotel. As Bobby begins planning what he hopes will be his comeback show, Rebekka rails against her prearranged marriage to the son of a prestigious Kabbalah rabbi. After learning a few things about the Jewish faith with a little help from hip-hop-obsessed janitor Ty, Bobby quickly discovers just how seriously his new hosts take the Sabbath while forming a particularly close bond with the girl who was once his biggest fan. --Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide 