 Laaga Chunari Mein Daag (2007)431) A small town girl lands in big bad Mumbai to earn an honest living but faces a confrontation she would've never dreamt of in her wildest dreams. When a small town girl Badki (Rani Mukerji) from Banaras lands in the big bad city of Mumbai to earn an honest living for her family back home - things don't go exactly as she hoped. When her kid sister Chutki (Konkona Sen Sharma) comes face to face and her double life is revealed the 2 sisters are in a confrontation that none of them expected or would have dreamt of in their wildest dreams - the whole family is thrown in to a tumultuous storm. Everything threatens to explode in their faces leaving a trail of destruction. Official Source Shivshankar Sahay lives with his wife Savitri and two daughter Vibhavari (Badki) and Shubhavri (Chutki) in Benaras their life is full off happiness thou their financial condition is bad.Savitri struggles to run the family by sewing clothes while Badki left her studies mid way to help her mother,Shivshankar tries his luck at lotteries and feels Badki should have been born a daughter.Chutki manages to complete her education during this phase their uncle and cousin decide to sue their family for their house.Badki then decides to travel to find a job in Mumbai but being uneducated she is unable to find a job and circumstances force her to take prostitution.Badki becomes a high profile prostitute by name of Natasha she lies to her family that she is working for a big event management company.But true unfolds when Chutki arrives in the city. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Badki and Chutki live a fun-filled life in Banaras, playing pranks, sneaking off to see a forbidden mujra, and soaking up all the excitement that goes on the ghats of the Ganga. Badki is aware that the family is in dire straits, but she and her mother protect Chutki at all costs. When things get worse, Badki decides to go to Mumbai and seek a living for the family. Alone and unsupported in the midst of the urban jungle of Mumbai, Badki battles with dark forces, keeping her focus on her purpose to support her family and continue Chutkis education. She deliberately morphs into someone else, leading a secret life full of murky compromises. When Chutki comes to Mumbai to work, things take a dramatic turn. Badkis life turns into a minefield, as she has to hide her secrets from Chutki. Chutki finds success at work, and love that delights her heart. Badki finds the magic of love, but lets it slip away before it can blossom, as she believes its not in her destiny. She battles menace and blackmail alone, not letting these dark shadows fall on Chutki or her family. But her dual life is revealed, and the two sisters are face to face, in a confrontation neither had expected. And when love beckons Badki again, the whole family is thrown in a tumultuous storm. Everything threatens to explode in their faces, destroying all of them. Will Badki get the happy ending she deserves? Or will the shadows of her past douse the lamps of hope? Will her secrets ruin Chutkis happiness? Can their parents face up to all this? 