 Alien Raiders (2008)321) A group enters a supermarket at closing time, shoots around and takes hostages. They believe aliens have arrived there then. Cops arrive outside. It's the end of yet another night at Hastings Supermarket, an idyllic family grocery store in Buck Lake, Arizona. But the normal monotony of rounding up shopping carts and settling out the cash drawers is broken at 11:07pm, just before closing when a group of masked and armed-to-the-teeth militants invades the store, immediately killing several of the employees and shoppers and holding the rest hostage. Though the hostage-takers at first appear to be robbers or terrorists, they reveal themselves to be a cadre of rogue scientists that has discovered and tracked an alien infestation to THIS STORE on THIS NIGHT, and they are determined to find out which of the survivors are extraterrestrials and end the invasion at any cost. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a group of men preparing weapons for a fire fight. Among them, an argument sparks regarding whether or not a certain person will be at their destination, a local grocery store. Upon arrival, they find a group of people. The guys from the car take over the store and appear to be looking for someone, and it seems one of them is "scanning" people by staring into their eyes. The cop who evaded the raiders, shoots one and calls for backup. He continues to elude the raiders for a few more seconds and shoots Spooky, the guy who was scanning everyone. The cop is shot and the dead are moved back to the freezers where one of the raiders shoot up the dead bodies. The cleared hostages are sent out when the police arrive and the uncleared are all cordoned of in the back and forced to drink milk. The raiders then reveal that they are a group of scientists that is tracking an unknown contagion to this town and to the supermarket. Since Spooky is dead, they must use an alternate method to find out who is infected. They take the first of the uncleared people, the boss of the store, and begin to ask questions. This is all to distract him from cutting one of his fingers. He protests and tries to escape showing them he has stolen money from the store. Meanwhile the hostages begin to plan an escape. As one of the hostages goes into the freezer to get a gun to escape he is killed by some person. Later, in the movie it is revealed that the person who killed the hostage is an alien king. In the end they realize that the person they killed is not the king and a girl already released is the real king. [D-Man2010] 