 Exte: Hair Extensions (2007)Summaries About hair extensions that attack the women that wear them. When a girl is discovered dead at a dock, the local coroner, Yamazaki, soon realizes that her hair is still growing at an incredible rate. Yamazaki decides to take the body home with him and begins selling the girl's hair to local hair salons as hair extensions ('exte'). However, it soon becomes apparent that the hair has a life of its own, with deadly consequences. Fraghera What if extensions carried the grudge of the individual to which the hair originally belonged and started attacking people wearing it at random? Customs agents discover a huge amount of human hair used as materials for 'hair extensions' along with the dead body of a young girl with a shaved head. With the corpse being soon transported by the police, the results of the autopsy determine that the woman's internal organs have been harvested. The possibility is pointed out that she was kidnapped in some foreign country and was a victim of black market human organ racketeering ring. A sinister, fearless smirk comes over Yamazaki (Ren Osugi), the morgue night watchman. Yuko (Chiaki Kuriyama) is a young wannabe hair stylist apprenticing at the Gilles de Rais hair salon. After working late each day, after returning home, she tirelessly practices her skills on head mannequins with wigs. One day, her sister, Kiyomi, forcibly entrusts her eight-year-old daughter, Mami, to Yuko. For some reason, Mami is abnormally timid and frightened and has several wounds on her body from abuse. Meanwhile, Yamazaki cuddles up with the corpse of the girl he stole from the morgue which now occupies his room. Hair has become to grow from her head once again, not only from her head but from where her organs were removed: the scars of her stomach and even her empty eye socket. Later, Yamazaki shows up at Yuko's salon with Mami who got lost looking for Yuko. Yamazaki takes one look at Yuko and is captivated by her lovely flowing hair... Grady Hendrix It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 