 Sunday (I) (2008)431) An amnesiac woman fears a missing day in her life may connect her to a crime, and tries to retrace her steps between Saturday evening and Monday morning. A woman investigates the mystery of what happened on a certain Sunday if her life that she has lost all recollection of. Sehar's world is turned upside-down when she gets a clue about the missing Sunday of her life, which points to a possible violent attack on her. Then A.C.P Rajveer takes up the mantle to sort out the complicated and jumbled up threads of Sehar's life. Rajveer tries to be an honest cop and his honesty contributes to encouraging a total ban on any criminal activity by the locals. In the process of solving Sehar's case it comes to light that on Sunday, different people interacted with Sehar and amongst them, one could be the accused. To name some, the lot includes 'Ballu,' the taxi driver and his friend Kumar, a struggling NSD actor, Ritu her close friend, a scary and suspicious character who resides in Sehar's society, and the group whom she had come across while partying at the discotheque. Saleem Kamil Born in Sector 18, Chandigarh, Sehar Thapar re-locates to Chandni Chowk, Delhi, works as a dubbing artiste for animated characters at a TV Station, and is forgetful. After attending a discotheque with her friend, Ritu, on a Saturday night, she wakes on Monday morning thinking it is Sunday. Before she could even realize that she is missing a day in her life, she is chased by a sword-wielding goon; a group of armed gangsters; a taxi-driver, Ballu, who claims she owes him 420 Rupees; a mysterious male who appears to be following her; and a stage actor, Kumar Mangat, who claims she is a ghost. She then meets the man her mother wants to marry, a corrupt ACP Rajveer Randhawa, of Dairyaganj Police Chowki and immediately becomes suspect in the homicide of two people - a male named Sanjay, and a woman named Suhasini Pradhan - who were both killed on Sunday - the very day she is unable to account for. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sehar(Ayesha Takia) goes clubbing with her best friend Ritu (Anjana Sukhani) and gets drugged with date rape drug Rohypnol and loses her memory of what happens next. Monday morning brings her tons of surprises in the form of a taxi driver Ballu (Arshad Warsi) who wants his taxi fare, some thugs who want to kill her and a wannabe actor (Irfan Khan) who thinks shes a ghost. A girl has been found murdered with seemingly no connections whatsoever to Sehar. The twist in the story is that another man has been murdered the same night Sehar loses her memory of. As her to-be-beau ACP Rajveer (Ajay Devgan) tries to reconstruct the events of the missing Sunday, the mystery deepens and finally bursts open in an unexpected climax. 