 Another Round (2020)541) Four high school teachers consume alcohol on a daily basis to see how it affects their social and professional lives. There is a theory that man is born with half a per mille too little. That alcohol in the blood opens the mind to the outside world, problems seem smaller and creativity increases. We know it well; after the first glass of wine, the conversation lifts, the possibilities open up. Martin is a high school teacher. He feels old and tired. His students and their parents want him terminated to increase their average. Encouraged by the per mille theory, Martin and his three colleagues throw themselves into an experiment to maintain a constant alcohol impact in everyday life. If Churchill won World War II in a dense fog of spirits, what could the strong drops do for them and their students? The result is positive in the beginning. Martin's class is in a different way now, and the project is being promoted to a real academic study with the collection of results. Slowly, but surely, the alcohol makes the four friends and their surroundings loosen up. The results are rising, and they really begin to feel life. As the objects go inboard, the experiment progresses for some, and goes off track for others. It becomes clearer and clearer that alcohol can generate great results in world history, but that all daring can also have consequences. The film is described as a fun, touching and thought-provoking drama about friendship, freedom - and alcohol. Kenneth Kjr 4 teachers embark on an experiment where they each sustain a certain level of alcohol intoxication during their everyday life, believing that all people in general would benefit from a bit higher Blood Alcohol Content. As a result, their working experiences are turned upside down. William Pilgaard-Jensen Amid an ongoing midlife crisis, Martin, Tommy, Nikolaj, and Peter--a close-knit group of friends, colleagues, and high school teachers--find themselves faced with stale careers, failing marriages, and the cruel certainty of lost youth. Then, after a long, booze-fuelled night in town, the companions hit on the idea to keep themselves constantly semi-inebriated, inspired by an untried scientific theory claiming that when people maintain a golden 0.05% Blood Alcohol Concentration at all times, they are more relaxed, poised, and self-confident. So, without delay, the grizzled friends set rules and start observing the effects of sustaining that perfect, low-level buzz, one glass at a time. However, are they prepared for the dangers and the negative psychological impact of the intoxicating social experiment? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Teachers Martin, Tommy, Peter and Nikolaj are colleagues and friends at a gymnasium in Copenhagen. All four struggle with unmotivated students and feel that their lives have become boring and stale. At a dinner celebrating Nikolaj's 40th birthday, the group begins to discuss psychiatrist Finn Skrderud, who has theorized that having a blood alcohol content (BAC) of 0.05 makes you more creative and relaxed. While the group dismisses the theory, Martin, who is depressed due to troubles in his marriage, is inspired and starts to drink at work. The rest of the group eventually decides to join in, considering the ordeal an experiment to test Skrderud's theory. They agree to a set of rules: their BAC should never be below 0.05 and that they should not drink after 8:00pm. Within a short period of time, all four members of the group find both their work and private lives more enjoyable. Martin, in particular, is delighted as he finally manages to reconnect with his wife and children. Agreeing that the experiment should be taken further, the group increases the daily BAC limit to 0.10. Still finding their lives improved, the group decides to attempt binge drinking to observe how their bodies and minds respond. The group has a fun night, but after coming home drunk, both Martin and Nikolaj are confronted by their families. Martin's family express their worries that he is descending into alcoholism, revealing that he has been visibly drunk for weeks. After a heated argument, during which Martin's wife admits to infidelity, Martin leaves her. The group abandons the experiment. Months later, all the members of the group have stopped drinking during the day with the exception of Tommy, who has become an alcoholic. A few days after arriving to work drunk, Tommy boards his boat with his dog and sails out on the ocean and dies. The three remaining members of the group go out to dinner after Tommy's funeral and appear reluctant to drink the alcohol which is served. While dining, Martin receives a message from his wife who states that she is willing to give their marriage a new chance while the recently graduated students drive by. Martin, Peter and Nikolaj join them in celebrating and drinking at the harbour. Martin, a former jazz ballet dancer, dances with the rest of the partygoers, which he had refused up to this point in the film despite his colleagues' repeated instigations. His dance becomes increasingly frenetic and the story ends as he jumps in the ocean head first. 