 A Shine of Rainbows (2009)431) A lonely orphan's life is transformed by an extraordinary woman who teaches him to conquer grief and discover the magic in nature and himself. Maire O'Donnell is a loving woman as rare as a double rainbow. Joyful, warm and caring, she adopts a young orphan named Tomas and whisks him off to a new home on remote Corrie Island, off the coast of Ireland. Maire shares with Tomas the joys of her island home and introduces him to the whimsical local folklore, including the secret of the seals, and teaches him that everything you need is inside of you- if you really look. But Maire's stern husband Alec silently disapproves of Tomas' timidity and halting speech. He can't hide his disappointment that Tomas isn't the kind of child he was hoping for and his reluctance to get to know the boy makes Tomas unsure of whether he really belongs. Soon though, Tomas too falls in love with his home, befriending local children, descending into a secret bat-filled cave, and saving a stranded baby seal. When tragedy strikes however, Tomas is faced with his greatest challenge yet. He'll lose everything unless he can find- and share- the unique gifts inside of him. Risking all, Tomas embarks on a perilous journey where he will need to call on his ability to see joy and color even when in the darkest place, in order to triumph and come home. A Shine Of Rainbows is a story about the transformational power of love, about finding acceptance, discovering ourselves, and realizing that rainbows are all around us- and within us too. Sepiafilms Fisherman Alec and his wife Maire of Corry Island, Ireland, have decided to adopt a boy, Alec sending Maire to the orphanage in the city on the mainland to make the decision of who on her own. The boy chosen will be on a trial basis while everyone evaluates the situation, making sure that the boy and Alec and Maire are a good match. Who she chooses is Toms, a shy, small and often bullied boy, whose insecurity is manifested in among other things a stutter, that is when he does talk. Without any pressure, Maire tries to instill in Toms in a nurturing way a sense of belonging in Corry, in their family, and life in general. While Toms does have a real kinship with Maire, a question is is whether her way with him will make him blossom. That blossoming may be important as he has to find a sense of himself when she is not around, such as with his peers at school. But most important is finding that bond with Alec, who wishes that Maire that chosen a boy with a little more backbone, and who feels that with someone like Toms providing him with food, shelter and clothes is enough to display his parental responsibilities in this trial period. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A poignant tale of a loving mother, a reluctant father, and the extraordinary journey that brings a young orphan home. Maire ODonnell has a smile that can light up the darkest room. Joyful, warm and caring, she adopts a young orphan named Tomas and whisks him off to a new home on remote Corrie Island, off the coast of Ireland. Maire shares with Tomas the joys of her island home and introduces him to the whimsical local folklore, including the secret of the seals, and teaches him that everything you need is inside of you- if you really look. But Maires stern husband Alec silently disapproves of Tomas timidity and halting speech. He cant hide his disappointment that Tomas isnt the kind of child he was hoping for and his reluctance to get to know the boy makes Tomas unsure of whether he really belongs. Soon though, Tomas too falls in love with his home, befriending local children, descending into a secret bat-filled cave, and saving a stranded baby seal. When tragedy strikes however, Tomas is faced with his greatest challenge yet. Hell lose everything unless he can find- and share- the unique gifts inside of him. Risking all, Tomas embarks on a perilous journey where he will need to call on his ability to see joy and color even when in the darkest place, in order to triumph and come home. A Shine Of Rainbows is a story about the transformational power of love, about finding acceptance, discovering ourselves, and realizing that rainbows are all around us- and within us too. 