 Girl Lost: A Hollywood Story (2020)321) Girl Lost: A Hollywood Story offers a glimpse into the lives of women involved in the sex industry through the interconnected stories of a teen runaway, single mother and two career escorts. Interweaving stories of four different women involved in the sex industry offers a glimpse into the dark underbelly of Los Angeles and the taboo lifestyle of a sex worker. A teen runaway, single mother and two career escorts interconnect through their own personal journeys filled with loss, betrayal and the struggle to survive. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Feeling invisible in the eyes of her father and his pregnant girlfriend, Dominique Swain , teenager, Hope, Moxie Owens , sparks an illicit online relationship with her former childhood babysitter, Paige, Cody Renee Cameron . Seducing Hope with ideas of becoming an actress and a model, Paige lures Hope from her small-town to the bright lights of the big city... Los Angeles. Hopping off the bus in Hollywood, Hope takes in the excitement of this new world, naive to what predatory danger might linger in the shadows behind the glowing lights on the Boulevard. Just off the beaten path, a sexy woman, Baby Girl, Psalms , is escorted out of the back of a dirty, industrial "topless dancers" bar by two large bouncers. The bouncers fire Baby Girl from her job as a stripper as she pleads with them for one more chance. Informing the bouncers that she has a kid and is behind on her rent. Sympathetic, but unbending, the bouncers leave Baby Girl standing alone in front of the club. Day turns into night and Hope is still standing alone on a busy street corner in Hollywood waiting for Paige to pick her up and for her new life as an actress and a model to begin. Just down the way, Baby Girl walks the Boulevard soliciting potential "clients" in a desperate attempt to raise the money to make her rent and feed her child after having been fired from the strip club. Eventually Paige picks Hope up and takes her back to her bachelorette-style apartment, complete with a stripper pole in the middle of the living room, where she lives with career sex worker, Destiny, Brooke Haven . Paige and Hope enter the apartment to find Destiny entertaining an eager client and Hope quickly learns that this is how both Paige and Destiny "pay the bills". During an intimate conversation, Paige and Destiny reminisce about the years of abuse that they've endured while working in the sex industry. In this moment, the two women decide to start their own escorting business and Hope and Baby Girl become the first two "girls in their stable". 