 Rising Free (2019)321) In late nineteenth-century America, Rising Free portrays the story of a young woman living in the aftermath of racial prejudice. Surrounded by danger of being sold and further stripped of freedom, she discovers hope through a gracious family and learns forgiveness and overwhelming mercy from her own transformation. In 1887, a young woman, Nakomay, is on the run for her life throughout the vast terrain of the Oregon territory. Relentless persecution and devastating adversity drove her to a life of seclusion, having everyone she ever loved stripped from her grasp. A harrowing journey leads her into the arms of a gracious family that takes her in as one of their own. Over time, she begins to process through the pain she's buried deep within, learning what it truly means to have hope, forgiveness, and overwhelming mercy. Fate strikes on the heels of her own salvation, and once more she finds herself amid increasing danger of being sold and further stripped of the new life she has come to know. With the weight of the world on her shoulders and her faith tested to the limits, she is faced with the decision to wholly embrace and stand on the truth she's come to know or surrender to the shadows of darkness that loom over her. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story is set in Oregon, U. S. territory, 1877 near the close of American Indian wars in the Pacific Northwest. Nakomay, main character played by Foust, is in hiding from vigilantes dead set on ridding Native Americans by murder or human trafficking. Forced to emerge from hiding, Nakomay escapes death but loses her remaining loved ones. Alone and on the run, she finds shelter in a nearby home of a well-established pioneer family and is befriended by Ethel, daughter and mother-figure, played by Tomchik. This pioneer family includes Civil War veteran father, Thomas, played by Bob Grove; older brother, Benjamin, played by Stephan Lunsford, younger brother, James, played by Elias Kamplain, and Ethel. The family plays an integral role in bringing hope of a better life to Nakomay, while dealing with their own brokenness from pangs of the Civil War.Ethel gains Nakomay's trust and the two begin to form a bond as sisters. In this place of reprieve and unconditional love, Nakomay feels a glimpse of restoration while she struggles through the process of accepting her pain and loss. Benjamin, Ethel's older brother, falls in love with Nakomay while James, making an unplanned appearance after stints of absence from the family, shows blatant prejudice to Nakomay. Later, Nakomay faces the same vigilantes who've targeted her since her parents were killed for interracial marriage.Together, the family and Nakomay heal from the throes of war. Hope is the central theme of the film with the message that, in spite of everything, hope beckons us to rise above heartache and suffering and overcome. 