 Cold Skin (2017)44) A young man arrives at a remote island to take a post of weather observer only to find himself defending the watchtower from deadly creatures which live in the island shores. In 1914, just after of Franz Ferdinand's assassination that eventually caused World War I, a steamship approaches a desolate island on the edge of the Antarctic Circle, where a young nameless man is poised to take the post of weather observer, to live in solitude at the ends of the earth for an entire year until the arrival of his replacement. For the next twelve months, his entire world will consist of a deserted cabin, the surrounding sea, and dangerous strange beings that he discovers are sharing the island. Darkwalker173 On an island lost in the middle of the ocean, two men defend themselves, night after night, sheltered in a lighthouse, from the siege of some strange marine creatures. Subjected to e tension, without understanding the reasons for the attack, they will have to rethink how to face the unknown. Adaptation of the successful work of Albert Snchez Piol. In 1914, just later of Franz Ferdinand's assassination that eventually causes World War I, a steamship approaches to a desolate island on the edge of the Antarctic Circle, where a young nameless man is poised to take the post of weather observer, to live in solitude at the end of the earth along an entire year until the arrival of his replacement, where the next twelve months his entire world will consist of a deserted cabin, trees, rocks, silence and the surrounding sea. Meeting Gruner, island's lighthouse keeper, and realizing that the previous weather observer died by typhus time ago, nameless man discover the first night on the cabin where he lives that a strange beings close the cabin. Surviving until the next day, nameless man meets again Gruner, who explains him that a race of sea humanoids live close the island, fearing all kind of light and approaching out the sea in the night to kill them. Calling himself "Friend", nameless man and Gruner spend the night waiting for the humanoids and killing as many as we can. But Friend amazes when learns that Gruner has a peculiar pet: one of the sea humanoids who previously was abandoned by her companions, a female used by Gruner as occasional lover and violently mistreated to keep her at his side. A situation that become more dangerous with each new night attack, where the interest of Friend by the sea humanoids will discover a secret that will change everything. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 