 Detention (2019)55) In 1962 Taiwan during the White Terror martial law period, Fang Ray Shin, a female student at the hillside Greenwood High School is attending counselling with teacher Mr. Chang, and they gradually fall in love. It was a dangerous period where sensitive books were banned and free speech were restricted, but Mr. Chang secretly organised a study group for banned books, together with fellow teacher Miss Yin and male student Wei Chong Ting. A fictional tragedy symbolizes the peak of Taiwan's white terror era. A heartbroken female high school student who whistleblowed a secret book club which is strictly forbidden by the official thus unintentionally caused several teachers and schoolmates been tortured to death or executed, is now seeking for redemption to repent of her sins by facing her past and helping the last surviving member of the book club to escape from an endless nightmare. darkside11618 In 1962 during the White Terror period in Taiwan, two high schoolers wake up and find themselves trapped on a vacated campus after school. As a series of mysterious events unfold around them, they realize that their hope of escape hinges on finding out what had happened to their friends and teachers while they were asleep. Have they really forgotten what happened or are they just too afraid to recall it? fuenping Based on the video game of the same game, Detention takes place in 1962, Taiwan, where they are at war with mainland China. Therefore, reading prohibited books could lead to death or jail time. When two students, Wei Chung Ting and Fang Ray Shin, are trapped in the school hunted by a Lantern Spectre, they must fight for their lives and find out the truth as to why they are trapped in Greenwood High School. logeesp In 1962, a sense of desolation and tension permeates the society. Fang, a twelfth grader at Tsuihua Senior High School, falls in love with Zhang, a counselling teacher. Troubled by the problems at school and home, Fang feels that Zhang is the only person who understands her. Longing for freedom, Zhang forms a study group with his colleagues and students, including Yin and Wei. Reading the banned books allows them to be liberated briefly but also puts their lives in danger. One day, Zhang vanishes into thin air, and only Fang and Wei remember him. Together, Fang and Wei start looking for the disappeared teacher but find the school gradually slipping out of the world they are familiar with. Then in a realm dominated by ghosts and spirits, the pair are forced to face the terrifying truth. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 