 Sky High (2020)Summaries A commentary on Spanish society dressed as a thriller about the misadventures of a gang of young petty criminals after the real estate crash. 2019. ngel is one of the countless young men who live in the shack camp outside City of Madrid (Madrid, center to Spain and country's capital). Poor, with any resource and working as mechanic repairing cars in the mechanical workshop, ngel has a second job at night: steal. With his friends Poli, Motos and Gitano, ngel is specialist to make fast hits in jewelries and escape before the police appear in the scene. One night in a disco ngel meets Estrella, a beauty girl who is Poli's girlfriend, at the same time that by chance he meets Sole, a former classmate. Looking for Estrella, ngel tries to seduce her despite the troubles that it could to cause, while he continues his crime waves until that in his last hit is arrested and sent to prison. In the jail another inmate puts in contact with Mercedes, a trustful although corrupt lawyer used to treat with blue collar thieves. Prosecuted by Duque, a tough and veteran cop obsessed to catch ngel and his band, ngel changes the rules when he meets Rogelio, a wealthy businessman and the man that to orders Poli when and where make the steals. In his attempt to get rich, ngel leaves Poli to make his own hits and close Rogelio to makes business together, discovering also that Sole is his daughter and starting a relationship with her but not leaving Estrella. According time passes, ngel marries Sole and he enjoys of the upper-class lifestyle at the same time that continues stealing with his friends and meeting with Estrella on the quiet. But two unexpected troubles appear in his way: a persistent Duque that still tries to capture him, and a so much powerful and dangerous people that they don't will accept to be stalked by a simple blue-collar thief. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 