 Chehre (2021)Summaries An 80-year-old man with a penchant for real life games in a story about rights and wrongs. It's a story about the decisions one makes in their lifetime and the fact that every decision has its repercussions, hearing and judgment. CHEHRE is the story of a man who faces a tough time when faced with retired law professionals. Sameer Mehra (Emraan Hashmi) is the chief of an ad agency called Paradoy. He goes to a hill station somewhere in the North for an ad shoot. But due to a work commitment in Delhi, he leaves from the hill town despite heavy snow. On the way, he takes a shortcut to Delhi but due to a tree fall, he gets stuck. On top of it, his car suddenly breaks down. He then meets Paramjeet Singh Bhullar (Annu Kapoor) who advises him to join him to a friend's place till it's safe to go. Paramjeet takes him to the house of Jagdish Acharya (Dhritiman Chatterjee) where Hariya Jatav (Raghubir Yadav) is already present. Soon, Lateef Zaidi (Amitabh Bachchan) also joins them. The quartet then informs Sameer that they meet every day and play a unique game. As part of this game, they conduct a mock trial since all of them are retired law professionals. While Jagdish Acharya was a retired judge in a nearby court, Paramjeet was defense counsel and Lateef was chief prosecutor. They invite Sameer to play this game. Sameer agrees. The quartet tells him that he'll be the accused in their court of law. Paramjeet would defend him while Lateef would try to prove that he's guilty. Jagdish, meanwhile, would be the judge. Lateef gives Sameer a chance to confess if he has ever done any crime and got away with it. Then they'll try him for that charge. Sameer, however, confidently tells that he has never committed any crime. Lateef then gets a chance to try him for any crime he desires. In the course of their conversation, Sameer blurts out that he used to detest his ex-boss, G S Oswal (Samir Soni) as he was a tyrant. Sameer also reveals that Oswal died recently and that he took over his position. At this, Lateef decides to try him in their court for the 'murder' of Oswal. Sameer is aghast and makes it clear that he hasn't killed him. But Lateef tells the court that he's willing to put his legal reputation at stake and that he'll never play this game ever again if he fails to prove that Sameer hasn't been a part of Oswal's 'murder'. Sameer is a bit apprehensive but then he realizes he need not worry as it's just a game. But his worries vanish instantly when he finds out that Hariya Jatav was not a lawyer or judge. He was actually a hangman and that he has kept the noose ready, should the accused is proven guilty in their court. What happens next forms the rest of the film. https://www.bollywoodhungama.com/movie/chehre/ During a snow storm Sameer meets Bhullar who asks him to wait at his friend Acharya's house.Sameer is made comfortable over drinks He finds that they all are waiting for their friend Lateef Zaidi and all are retired professionals from field of law,while another friend Hariya is also with them.After Latif arrives they tell him that whenever a guest arrives they decide to play a game where the guest is the accused while Acharya the judge,Bhullar defense lawyer and Latif public prosecutor.Sameer agrees to play the game but revels he will walk free as he has never committed a crime.As the story unfolds Lateef proves many allegations against Sameer but Bhullar defends him not guilty. Lateef does not let it go easily as his examination with accused has never gone wrong. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 