 Delhi-6 (2009)321) In the ancient walled city of Delhi, an American-born Indian finds himself on an unexpected inner journey as he learns about himself and his roots. U.S.-based Roshan Mehra's mother, Fatima, is Muslim, while his dad is Hindu. When his ailing grandmother, Annapurna, wants to re-locate to Delhi to spend her last days, he accompanies her. Upon arrival, they are greeted by Ali Beg, who wanted to marry Fatima, but was not able to disclose his feelings to her. He also gets to meet the Sharma family, who hope that he will wed Rama, the daughter of Madan, who is busy looking for a groom for his other rather rebellious daughter, Bittu, who wants to be the next Indian Idol. He also gets to meet assorted Muslim and Hindus, who welcome him with open arms, and he gets to witness that lower caste Indians are still being shunned despite of modern technology and the launching of satellites. When reports of a Kala Bandhar terrorizing the community increases, Hindus start to suspect that it may be a Muslim terrorist, while the Muslims fear that it may be a Hindu political ploy to demolish a mosque. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In order to fulfill his dying grandmother Annapurna's last wish, Roshan, an NRI, takes her to Old Delhi where the welcoming neighborhood and their lifestyles fascinate him. He plans to leave in a few days, but finds himself attracted to the city. One day, when Annapurna faints due to low sugar levels, Roshan and the whole neighborhood rushes to take her to a hospital. Roshan is surprised to find the roads blocked due to a cow giving birth to a calf, people and police supporting the practice and his own grandmother comes out to seek the cow's blessings. Roshan also learns of the feud between Madan Gopal and Jai Gopal, two warring brothers. Madan's sister Rama is unwed, while Jai's electricity business is failing to make any strides. In the meanwhile, Roshan ends up meeting Madan's daughter Bittu, who secretly trains to audition for Indian Idol, a famous singing reality show. He raises his voice against Madan's decision to get Bittu forcibly married. During this, the reports of a miscreant known as the Kaala Bandar or the Black Monkey that attacks people at night, flood the media and public. In the meanwhile, Bittu auditions for the show and is selected, but fears her father won't support her. Roshan comes to her rescue and advises her to speak her heart out in front of her father, which she does but to no avail. The neighborhood, disturbed by the black monkey's attacks, calls a Tantrik Shani Baba to sort out the problem. The Tantrik however manipulates the situation by creating a Hindu-Muslim dispute in the peaceful neighborhood when he claims a temple was demolished to create a mosque. However, to complete the exorcism, everyone selects the simpleton Gobar to grab a lock of the monkey's hair so that it can be burnt. Soon, the feud intensifies and a Hindu mob vandalizes the Muslim confectioner' Mamdu's shop. Seeing this on news, Roshan rushes to calm down Mamdu who is shattered by the destruction of his shop at the hands of his once friendly Hindu customers. On the other hand, money lender Lala Bhairam's wife Shashi is nearly caught red handed while having an affair with the photographer Suresh who jumps out of the window while Shashi yells the black monkey is in the room. Suresh escapes, but Roshan ends up getting suspected due to being there at the same time. He is questioned, but walks unfazed. Later, he becomes disappointed when learns of Bittu's plans to run away with Suresh to Mumbai. Madan sees the two on the terrace and suspects Roshan to be trying to brainwash Bittu and is insulted due to his mixed parentage. An enraged and disillusioned Roshan decides to fly back to America with Annapurna. When she refuses to come, he yells at her but calms down soon and the two embrace each other. Stepping out of the house to visit the temple, the protesters deny Roshan entry and push him. Looking at a fakir who shows mirror to everyone, Roshan grabs the mirror and asks both parties to look within themselves and resort to peace, but he is rebuffed and Annapurna loses interest in dying there. Roshan finds himself unable to leave the city and its atmosphere as Bittu prepares a letter to leave for Mumbai. Roshan meets the renaissance man Ali Baig, who used to fancy his mother and since then never married. Roshan explains he doesn't want to leave the city at all and has fallen for Bittu. Ali tells him to go and express his feelings to Bittu instead. On the other hand, Mamdu arranges for a gun and Section 144 is imposed in the neighborhood. At night, Roshan dresses as a monkey and uses his parkour skills to leap across rooftops while following Bittu who is secretly escaping with Suresh. On the other hand, Gobar is forced to enter the Sooni Galli where the black monkey is believed to be hiding, to fetch a lock of his hair. The lower caste trash collector Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair in order to bring an end to the dispute. Roshan removes his mask and expresses his love for Bittu before a scared Suresh runs away. She reciprocates as Jalebi and Gobar watch, before everyone arrives there due to Bittu's initial screams and beats down Roshan. Mamdu arrives and shoots Roshan without knowing it is him. Everyone is shocked, and Gobar explains how the real black monkey is the one that resides within everyone and is responsible for Roshan's condition, and that Roshan disguised himself as the black monkey to bring peace. Ali Baig arrives and tells everyone to arrange for an ambulance. Somehow, Roshan doesn't respond to the treatment and everyone believes he's dead. A dying Roshan meets his deceased grandfather in a dream-like scenario where the latter accepts there was a black monkey within himself due to which he couldn't approve of his daughter's inter-religious marriage and later wanted forgiveness. But soon, he bids him farewell, resulting in Roshan responding to the treatment and eventually, surviving. The dispute is soon resolved, and one of Bittu's brothers picks up the black monkey mask and throws it on a burning effigy. 