 Shershaah (2021)55) The story of PVC awardee Indian soldier Capt. Vikram Batra, who shot to fame and became a household name during the Kargil War in 1999. Based on the life of Captain Vikram Batra who was an officer of the Indian Army, posthumously awarded with the Param Vir Chakra, India's highest and most prestigious award for valour, for his actions during the 1999 Kargil War in Kashmir between India and Pakistan. The film at one point was titled Yeh Dil Maange More which was the message of Kargil War Vikram Batra, on whom the biopic is made. Sidharth Malhotra is playing the lead of a military officer for the second time after Aiyaary 2018. This will also be his first double role as he will be playing the twin brother of Vikram Batra as Vishal Batra. alex.mjacko@gmail.com In his youth Captain Vikram Batra saw the show Param Veer Chakra running on Doordarshan in his neighbour's house and decided to become a soldier. Years later an adult Vikram is part of the Indian Army and in love with Dimple a Sikh preponderance at which her father rejects their relationship and Vikram decides to join the Merchant Navy for her although has changes in his plans. Vikram gets posted to Kashmir which is a sensitive area where every civilian is a suspect though he became friendly with many. During an operation Vikram inspires many of his senior officers and becomes one of the best officers in the team. Vikram further is posted to a war stricken Kargil area where he leads many successful operations. alex.mjacko@gmail.com A young, stubborn kid wishes to be an army officer one day. When he does he takes his unit by storm. Meanwhile, his love life too comes out of storms and he plans to marry his fiancee soon. As the war breaks out between South Asian countries of India and Pakistan, he goes back to his unit. Being dissatisfied with interim victories he wants the enemy dead or out of India's lands and keeps 'asking for more'. What sacrifices lay ahead? aparsinghbataan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 