 The Betrayed (2008)431) The story follows a young woman as she's put through a psychological journey under the thumb of a mysterious figure who suspects her husband of stealing millions from a crime syndicate. After a car crash, Jamie, 30, comes to, locked in a room at a factory. Her son, a diabetic, is missing. A man wearing a ski mask comes into the room and tells her that she must help him find her husband who has stolen millions from his boss. He says her husband is a killer and a drug trafficker. Jamie is certain it's a mistake. Her captor insists she help him or lose her son. He brings her audio tapes made in their apartment demanding she figure out how her husband was communicating with an accomplice. She has only 12 hours before she and her son will die. Can she force herself to believe that she has been betrayed - and then what? There's no way out, yet she resolves to save her son. <jhailey@hotmail.com> After a car accident with an apparent hit and run, Jamie finds trapped in a warehouse without her diabetic son Michael that is missing. Soon her captor named Alek comes to the room wearing a mask and explains to Jamie that her married life had been an entire lie and her husband Kevin had stolen forty million-dollars from his cruel boss Falco and three other drug lords from the crime syndicate. The reluctant Jaime does not believe in his words and asks him to prove that Michael is alive. Alek shows audio tapes of Michael and then from her house that has been bugged since she married Kevin. Further, he tells that if Jaime does not find any lead to the stolen money he will kill Michael and her. Jamie hears the tapes expecting to save the life of Michael. Was she betrayed by Kevin or is Alek lying? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The happily married mother of a 6 year old boy, regains consciousness after a bad car accident and finds herself being held captive in a remote waterfront warehouse by a mysterious masked killer whose shocking revelations are about to turn her formerly safe and orderly existence upside down... Melissa George stars in writer-director Amanda Gusack's white-knuckle, high-stakes crime thriller. After a near-fatal car accident. Jamie Taylor (George) wakes up to find herself imprisoned in an abandoned warehouse. The nightmare worsens when she learns from her mysterious masked captor (Oded Fehr) that her husband (Christian Campbell) has stolen $40 million from a crime syndicate. Forced to listen to recordings of her family's private conversations, Jamie must find clues about the location of the stolen money - of her six-year-old son will be killed. Her mind racing, and with the timing running out, Jamie fights to unravel the mystery and save her son. [D-Man2010] 