 Malasaa 32 (2020)Summaries A family moving to a new house to live the dream of the big city. A house where dreams turn in nightmares. 1976. City of Madrid, Madrid (center to Spain and the country's capital). On the early days of The Spanish Transition after General Franco's death the previous year, the family Olmedo moves to the big city from their natal town hoping to get money and a better life for everyone. The family consists of Manolo, a farmer hired to work for the well-known Pegaso's truck company; his wife and previous sister-in-law Candela, hired to work in the too well-known shopping mall Galeras Preciados; oldest son Pepe, a shy and 20-years old stammer who feels as a stranger in the city, unable to find job; older daughter Amparo, a 17 year-old teen forced to leave the town and her boyfriend Mateo to live in Madrid, who dreams to live in Paris working as a flight attendant for Iberia's flying company; the child Rafael ("Rafi" for short), the only one son of Manolo and Candela after Candela's first husband (father of Pepe and Amparo) left them; and finally Fermn, Candela's aging and senile father with memory problems. However, things go bad from the beginning: Rafi is kidnapped when an evil entity takes advantage of a brief moment where Amparo left him alone to watch Fermn, while Pepe watches and obsesses with a young woman who lives in an apartment in front, using the clothes rope to send hand-written messages to each other. Full of fear and desperation, Manolo and Amparo call the police, but they are unable to find the missing child. Feeling he evil force in the house, Amparo gets a brief contact with Rafi, hearing him scream in the empty house next to them, not locating him but living frightening encounters inside it. Convinced that the house is haunted, Amparo finally locates and rescues Rafi, but in a state of fear unable to talk. While Amparo looks for her own answers, in her job Candela meets nice old lady Maruja Dvalos and her daughter Lola, a quadriplegic young girl who is also a spiritual medium. Desperate after Mrs. Dvalos' warning about the danger that their new home poses, Candela asks her help and Lola's in order to discover its secrets to save the family, at the same time that the clues followed by Amparo point to a sinister past in the house, and something evil, determined for all to get what it wants. Chockys Eager to wipe the slate clean and start afresh, the Olmedo family moves to bustling late-1970s Madrid, shortly after the death of Francisco Franco . Having sold everything for a small slice of a better future, Manolo and Candela, along with their three children, Amparo, Pepe, and Rafael, and their ailing grandfather, Fermn, set foot on their spacious and suspiciously affordable new apartment in the heart of the city. However, right from the start, inexplicable, hair-raising occurrences start to blemish Manolo's dream, until one day, little Rafael vanishes into thin air, in broad daylight. Now, the eerie feeling that an ever-present otherworldly entity is living inside the house becomes certainty, and as the innocent boy is still missing, the desperate father has to seek help. What resides within the walls of the memory-laden flat on 32 Malasana Street? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 