 The Horseman (2008)44) When Christian finds out his runaway teenage daughter, Jesse has been sexually attacked, the suburban father loses it. Setting out to find Jesse's attacker, Christian goes on a violent rampage. Christian, a divorced father and white collar businessman grieves over the complicated death of his daughter. When a video arrives anonymously in the mail, featuring his daughter heavily intoxicated and mistreated, Christian sets out on a reckless journey to find answers. Fuelled by rage and sorrow, the death toll quickly rises as he uncovers an ugly truth. Along the way he meets Alice, a young runaway not unlike his daughter and a fragile friendship begins to unfold. Anonymous A tender drama unfolds between a grieving father and a troubled teenage girl as they drive northbound along the quiet outback roads of Australia. What she doesn't know is that between stops, he is leaving behind a bloody trail of bodies in a revenge motivated killing spree. Anonymous In Australia, the divorced father Christian Forteski grieves over the death of his beloved daughter Jesse that was found dead intoxicated with heroin and cocaine and also with the semen of four men. When he anonymously receives a video tape by mail with an adult movie of gang bang where his beloved daughter is the lead star, Christian drives through the outback of Australia with a toolbox chasing the producer, director, cast and crew of the film, in a violent journey of revenge, and finds a network of drugs and pornography. Meanwhile he gives a ride to the eighteen year-old runaway Alice that is pregnant and he feels empathy for the girl. He befriends Alice but does not disclose the truth about his "business trip". When Christian and Alice are abducted by the most violent gangster, Derek, Alice experiences what Jesse had lived before dying for the despair of Christian. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 