 Tenure (2008)431) Professor Thurber loves to teach, but can't stand all the politicking. So when his opportunity for tenure is announced, he goes out on a limb to prove his worth, but unexpectedly falls in love with the girl who might replace him. At a Pennsylvania college, Charlie Thurber is a good teacher without publications. His tenure review is in three months, and he's trying to get an article in print. Out of the blue, the dean announces that a new assistant professor will join them, a scholarly young woman from Yale. Charlie now faces competition. His best friend Jay, an anthropologist looking for Sasquatch, urges Charlie to declare war on the new colleague. He gives in to his better judgment and goes along. Meanwhile, his father hates the local assisted living facility where he lives, Charlie tries to connect with a woman he sees on television, and one of his students makes a pass. Is tenure in the works? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The lonely professor Charlie Thurber is seeking to grant tenure in the Grey College. Charlie is loved by his students but has not published any article for a long time. His best friend is the anthropologist Jay Hadley that researches evidences of the existence of the Sasquatch and his father was interned by his sister in an expensive rest home. When the Dean Leakey hires the Yale's English Professor Elaine Grasso, Charlie is threatened by the competition for tenure and Jay declares Elaine as their enemy and sabotages her in school. Charlie tries to publish a work but has difficulties. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Grey College English professor Charlie is being considered for tenure. he is well-liked by his students and does a good job in the classroom, but he can't get anything published. Jay is an expert on Bigfoot. Or thinks he is. He has evidence of the creature. Or thinks he does. The movie goes back eight months to when the anthropology professor is rejected for tenure, minutes after Steve Kim was approved. His response is to toilet paper someone's house. Charlie is reasonably happy with his life, wishing he could do better; Grey is apparently not a prestigious school despite its gorgeous architecture. His sister Margaret, however, is always harassing him about his lack of concern for their father William, a retired Princeton professor in assisted living. There is nothing obviously wrong with William and he hates where he is. He is still intelligent and demanding, and apparently not happy with his son's lack of career success. Charlie neither visits enough nor helps with the cost, though with his current career Margaret may be expecting too much of him. William does enjoy calling in to fund-raisers for PBS stations, not intending to contribute but just wanting someone to talk to. Charlie tries doing the same thing and meets Beth, who is likable and cute, and something similar to a romance develops . Charlie finds his efforts to get approved for tenure will be more difficult than he thought. His female department head (not attractive) dislikes him for reasons that aren't quite clear. Elaine is a cute new professor hired from Yale. She is likable and gets published in prestigious journals. She's not great in the classroom, which is encouraging for Charlie. However, Charlie does want to help her and in the process there is potential for a romance to develop. Meanwhile, since Elaine volunteered to be faculty advisor to the poetry club after Charlie turned down Stan's request to do so, Charlie and Stan start a second poetry club, allowing more "adult" material. Jay, not one to follow rules, tries to sabotage Elaine's efforts to succeed. Jay gets Charlie to come along to a presentation where the enthusiastic Dave wants them to sell a product which cannot be named on broadcast TV. This looks like a pyramid scheme. One more problem for Charlie: Robin likes him--really likes him--and wants a relationship which would clearly be inappropriate. So, will Charlie get tenure? Will he find romance with one of the women? Will William ever be happy? Will Jay find Bigfoot? 