 Chri (2009)431) The son of a courtesan retreats into a fantasy world after being forced to end his relationship with the older woman who educated him in the ways of love. During France's belle poque before World War I, elegant cars, mansions, and servants defined the lives of les grandes horizontals, the courtesans of kings and millionaires. One of the most successful, Lea de Lonval, is approaching a certain age when an older associate, Charlotte Peloux, asks Lea to take on her 19 year old son, whom Lea has called Chri since he was a child. They become lovers and, to their surprise, the relationship lasts six years. When it ends abruptly with a marriage his mother arranges to the daughter of another courtesan, Lea finds herself lonely. Has she fallen in love? If so, do she -- and Chri - have any choices? <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Paris, in the early 20th century, young Fred Peloux, nicknamed Chri, the handsome son of Charlotte Peloux, a former demimondaine, lives in the small circle of his mother's friends, all high class prostitutes past their best. He has an affair with Lonie Vallon, publicly known as La de Lonval, a waning beauty, who loves him both as a mistress and a mother. But, after six years spent together, the age difference takes its toll on their union. To please his mother, Chri accepts to marry young Edme, the only of Marie-Laure, a rich courtesan's daughter, without actually caring for her. After a while, the young man tries to return to La. Guy Bellinger Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1900s Belle poque Paris, Chri tells the story of the affair between a wealthy, middle-aged retired courtesan, La (Michelle Pfeiffer), and the flamboyant spoiled, neglected 19-year-old only son of another even wealthier courtesan, Fred (Rupert Friend), nicknamed "Chri" ("Dear" or "Darling"). A famous beauty, La has been successful at extracting large sums of money from her up-scale clients, never falling in love with any of them. At first La takes Chri off her "friend" (and former rival) Charlotte's hands as a favor, as his dissipated lifestyle is irritating to Charlotte and unhealthy for Chri. Although La only plans on keeping Chri around for a short while, their affair turns into a six-year relationship, in which La pays for Chri's expenses, (although he has access to considerable wealth from his mother) and Chri wears La's silk pajamas and pearls. Although they satisfy each other both sexually and emotionally, the two convince themselves that their affair is casual, but they are the only real friend the other has. Her status as a former prostitute and his as the son of one make them outsiders who can only be fully honest and relaxed together. La learns Chri's mother has arranged for Chri to marry the daughter of another courtesan, an innocent barely 18-year-old named Edme (Felicity Jones), as Charlotte has decided she wants grandchildren, largely to make up for her years of neglecting Chri. Although Chri does not wish to marry Edme, whom he finds boring, he has no choice in the matter, as he stands to inherit a huge fortune from Charlotte. La cheerfully kicks him out of her home, but makes Chri promise to always be gentle and kind with Edme, and to try to give her a good life. After Chri agrees, the two part ways, both putting on an air of breezy unconcern, as much to convince themselves as the rest of the world that their affair had just been for amusement. La does not attend the wedding, and Chri and Edme leave for their honeymoon. It is only after Chri is on the train to Italy for his honeymoon that both he and La realize they are in love with each other. Chri consummates his marriage with Edme, but their lovemaking is perfunctory, and even though Edme is in love with her husband, Chri can't summon any emotion for her. La visits Charlotte one last time before running off on vacation, making up a story in which she is involved in with another suitor, when in fact the only man La beds while on vacation is a young bodybuilder whom she has no feelings for and regards as a one-night stand. Meanwhile, Edme accuses Chri of not caring about her, and says all he ever does is think of La, "that old woman". While out on the town with a friend, Chri tries opium and cocaine, and on his way back he notices that La's apartment is no longer empty and she has returned home. Comforted by the fact that La has returned, Chri runs home to Edme where he makes love to her properly and kindly, thinking that he can now live in peace with Edme, juggling both women. He sends Charlotte the next day to investigate La's home life, whereupon La claims she is madly in love with her new "suitor", and Charlotte tells her that Chri and Edme are likewise madly in love and happier than ever. That night, jealous and wanting to confront La about her new suitor, Chri breaks into her home and admits he loves her. They make love with all the pent up passion they have been suppressing for the sake of others, and plan on running away together. In the morning, however, Chri notices the wrinkles on La's face in the harsh light of day, and she sees his doubt. She apologizes to Chri for "ruining him" and making life too easy on him when they first begun their affair. La tells Chri to go back to Edme, for their age difference would always prevent a true relationship blossoming between them. Tentatively, Chri leaves as La watches, breathlessly hoping he will turn back. Both crestfallen and elated by a new sense of freedom, he walks on, as La stares into her mirror at her aging face. The narrator reflects on the injustice of fate, that La was born two decades before her only true love, Chri. The narrator also reveals that, while he went through World War I without a scratch, Chri later realizes that La was the only woman he could ever love, and he commits suicide. 