 Cosmic Sin (2021)321) Seven rogue soldiers launch a preemptive strike against a newly discovered alien civilization in the hopes of ending an interstellar war before it starts. In the year 2524, four centuries after humans started colonizing the outer planets, retired Gen. James Ford gets called back into service after a hostile alien fleet attacks soldiers on a remote planet. The threat against mankind soon escalates into an interstellar war as Ford and a team of elite soldiers try to stop the imminent attack before it's too late. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Prologue: In the year 2031, the first colony of Mars is founded. By 2042, the Alliance was formed and quantum propulsion technology allows humanity to travel beyond the solar system. Unfortunately, the Mars colony fails in 2281 and the Alliance controls the three colonies: Earth, Zafdie, and Ellora. Zafdie attempts to secede from the alliance in 2519; James Ford, The Blood General, drops a Q(uantum)-Bomb on the rebel colony, killing 70 million people. After learning the horrible atrocity of what Ford did, Dr. Lea Goss (romantic partner) leaves him and he becomes dishonorable discharged from the military. In space, the Sigea are an invasive alien species that invades and conquer other worlds. They can parasitically infect and control their hosts by forcing their victims to ingest a black fluid that turns the host into an agent of Sigea and operate with a hive mind. Main story: In the year 2524, the Vander Mining Corp was stationed at planet 4217LYA (Heracles System) when Captain Juda Saule (Eva De Dominici) reports of an alien encounter to the Alliance. On Earth, General Eron Ryle (Frank Grillo) gets the call of the alien contact and wants Dr. Goss and Ford in on the situation. At a local bar, Dash (Corey Large) was meeting with Ford (Bruce Willis) for a job when civilians picked a fight with the Bloody General when Commander Marcus Bleck (Costas Mandylor) appeared. Bleck requested his presence but Ford refused; he relented when Bleck mentioned he'll get reinstatement. At the McMillian Airfield, Dash tags along with Ford and have a meeting with Dr. Goss (Perrey Reeves) and Ryle about what happened in the Heracles System. Survivors of the Vander mining operation were sent to the airfield for debriefing, but Goss raised concerns. The survivors were under Sigea control and started killing security. The soldiers fought back and won, but at the cost of 53 lives. What happened to Vander and their base was considered an attack on humanity and the Alliance is to strike back; Operation: Cosmic Sin is a go. Ford, Ryle, Goss, Braxton, Bleck (Brandon Thomas Lee), Dash, and Ardene (Adelaide Kane) travels to Ellora by a Quantum Jump Gate to stop the Sigea. While entering Ellora, Ryle's suit gets damaged and presumed dead when he didn't make it with the team. Ford and Goss got separated from the group during entry and Bleck gets mortally wounded shortly making it to the surface. As the team struggle to take out their attackers, Elloran survivors aided them. Sol Cantos (C.J. Perry) was escorting survivors when she encountered the team. After verifying they're human, they agreed to help take them to the orbital cannon to give Bleck treatment. At the Alliance outpost, the surviving team learns about how the Sigea infect and control people. Ford made it to the outpost to find Bleck dying; he euthanized Bleck to help him die easier. In a meeting with all surviving soldiers, they talk about their situation and plan to use the Q-bomb they brought. Ardene believes if they can get the orbital cannon working again, they can launch the Q-bomb into space and collapse the gateway to seal off the Sigea once and for all. In space, Ryle was able to reach out to Ardene through the coms. With him stuck in space, he volunteered to help detonate the gateway to seal off the Sigea. The Sigea knows the survivors are holding up at the orbital cannon and converge on the outpost. Goss was captured and infected; she's now an agent of the Sigea. Goss gives them a chance to surrender, but they refused. The survivors along with the soldiers make their last stand, to hold up the outpost as long as possible for Ardene to fire the cannon. While the rest fend off the alien attackers, Ford latched on to a Sigea ship and followed Goss to the gateway. While facing Goss, she said there was never going to be peace. Ford was repelled back to Ellora while Goss drifted through the gate. At the cannon, Braxton found Ryle prepared to sacrifice himself to close the gate. Braxton held Ardene's hand as they fired the cannon and launched the bomb. Ryle's self destruction destroyed the gateway and the Q-bomb crossed over to Segia space and opened a black hole. The gate closed behind the blackhole, sealing and wiping out the Segia attack fleet. Back on Earth, Ford heads back to the bar for a drink along with the survivors of Ellora. Dash, Ardene, Braxton, and Sol Cantos survived the battle and the Alliance celebrates their victory for keeping the peace. Ford takes a shot and leaves the bar. 