 The Extraordinary Adventures of Adle Blanc-Sec (2010)44) An adventure set in the early part of the 20th century and focused on a popular novelist and her dealings with would-be suitors, the cops, monsters, and other distractions. Desperate to cure her near catatonic sister, intrepid authoress Adle Blanc-Sec braves ancient Egyptian tombs and modern Egyptian lowlife to locate a mummified doctor and get him back to Paris. Her hope is that oddball Professor Esprandieu will then use his unusual powers to bring the doctor back to life so he, in turn, can use his centuries-old skills on the unfortunate sister. In Paris however Esprandieu is already causing mayhem, having brought to life what was a safe museum egg but is now a very active pterodactyl. Paris 1911 may not be the healthiest place to be. J-26 In 1911, in Paris, the bold journalist Adle Blanc-Sec is assigned by her editor to travel to Peru to write about the Incas, but she goes to Egypt instead to seek out the mummy of a doctor of Ramses II to bring him to Paris. Adle has an agreement with Professor Marie-Joseph Esprandieu that has the ability of bringing the dead back to life to resurrect the doctor to heel her twin sister Agathe Blanc-Sec, who has been catatonic and paraplegic for five years due to an accident caused by Adle. However, Professor Esprandieu is arrested in prison and sentenced to death after bringing to life a pterodactyl from an ancient egg in Louvre that caused the death of three persons. Now the last hope of Agathe is that Adle saves Professor Esprandieu from the guillotine. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil On a desperate mission to save her comatose sister, Agathe, the feisty novelist and audacious adventurer, Adle Blanc-Sec, finds herself in exotic Egypt, in search of famed Pharaoh Ramesses II's mummified physician. However, as a catastrophic complication in the name of science sets free a fearsome 136-million-year-old pterodactyl in turn-of-the-century Paris, suddenly, the imprisoned academic, Professor Esprandieu, is in high demand. Now, bumbling Parisian inspectors, trigger-happy big-game hunters, and an appalling arch-nemesis threaten to thwart Adle's master plan. Will Adle save her sister? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 