 After Last Season (2009)211) Two neurology students create a telepathy experiment together to visualize a murderer, who recently knifed another student. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Minneapolis, medical students Matthew Andrews and Sarah Austin train with an MRI scanner. Meanwhile, another student Edward Brown goes to investigate a strange noise outside his apartment and is suddenly stabbed to death. Later at Prorolis Corporation, Matthew and Sarah go to work as interns and discuss Edward's death. They speculate that it was part of a series of unsolved stabbing murders that have been taking place downtown. Using new technology, Matthew conducts an experiment with Sarah so that Matthew can telepathically see Sarah's thoughts inside his own mind. They start by jointly visualizing basic objects in their minds but their thoughts are suddenly intruded by a visualization of Edward Brown's death. Sarah reveals that she also had this vision before Edward's actual death, so they decide to combine her premonitions with the thought visualization technology to view the next murder before it happens. They close their eyes and see a vision of a woman trying to fight off a faceless attacker, which later becomes true. Their next vision reveals that the attacker is right outside the room in which they are conducting the experiment. The door opens and Matthew and Sarah are attacked by someone who seems to be invisible. Suddenly, Matthew wakes up, revealing that the experiments were just a dream and the technology does not exist. After discussing his dream with Sarah, they witness a knife-wielding man killing an employee and trying to break into the laboratory. The ghost of Craig Marlen, one of the dead stabbing victims, incapacitates the attacker before any harm can come to Matthew and Sarah. The FBI arrests the attacker and reveals that he is Eric Nelson, a former Prorolis employee who was hired to steal the company's technology. The film ends with Craig's mother grieving over his death. 