 Rak haeng Siam (2007)44) Two boyhood friends are separated due to the disappearance of the sister of one of them, then later meet again as teenagers, when one of them has become a pop singer, and they discover feelings that they did not know they had. Two young boys are best friends living quiet family lives in Bangkok. Their lives are disrupted when one boy's older sister goes missing on a jungle trip. The shattered family moves away, separating the boys. Years later, now in their late teens, the boys meet again. One of them is now the leader of an aspiring boy band whose managing assistant bears a striking resemblance to the lost sister. The boys must deal with their family and social lives and their feelings for each other. loth Boyhood friends when they were children, Mew ( Witwisit Hiranyawongkul ) and Tong ( Mario Maurer ) are separated due to tragedy. Several years later, as teenagers, they meet again by chance, when Mew's boy band becomes a hit. As they become reacquainted, they discover unexpected feelings for each other. Meanwhile, Tong tries patch his family back together, which had fallen apart after the mysterious disappearance of his sister, Tang ( Laila Boonyasak ), and the death of his grandmother. This coming of age gay drama from Thailand was a commercial and critical success, and dominated Thailand's 2007 film awards season, winning the Best Picture category of all major events. trivwhiz This is a story about love lost and love never attained and ends with a quote suggesting any love is better than not loving at all. The boys are friends, although one is gay and reads more into the friendship meanwhile the family of the other boy mysteriously lose their daughter, the father sinks into alcoholism and the marriage into trouble. Along the way, a sweet girl living across the road secretly has a crush on the gay boy only later to find out, in tears, they are "just friends" while the same fate awaits, at the end, the gay boy who also ends in tears. However, the love between the other boys' parents appears the only love that was real, appearing to recover despite the father's continued drinking after serious liver disease. mikemcdo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 