 An Outcast of the Islands211) Based on the novel "An Outcast of the Islands" from Joseph Conrad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From JOSEPH CONRAD'S timeless classic comes the story of PETER WILLEMS, the OUTCAST from the Islands. Willems is caught stealing from the shipping company where he works. CAPTAIN LINGARD, Willems longtime benefactor rescues him and pays the debts. They sail together for Sambir, a secret trading out-post where Lingard became rich by being the only man brave enough to sit through the "impassable" rocky waters. Lingard leaves Willems in Sambir with ALMAYER, the trading post's manager. There, Lingered hopes his old friend will redeem himself with honest work helping the once savage natives find better, more productive lives. But, Willems soon becomes depressed at this situation and incapable of sharing any of the responsibilities that Almeyer has so well managed all this time. Instead, Willems roams the wilderness. During one of his many outings, he discovers AISAA, the beloved daughter of OMAR, the blind tribal leader of the nomadic people of Sambir, who long ago were great pirates. Aissa, reluctant to respond to Willems advances at first, finally succumbs to his love at the foot of a waterfall illuminated by the full moon. Soon, they are consent, inseparable companions. The relationship causes Omar great distress. BABALATCHI, Omar's advisor, tells Aissa to be more cunning if she intends to hold Willems. She allows her father to separate them in order to incense and tempt Willems that Omar will never allow Aissa to be with him. In order to have Aissa, Willems must conspire with ABDULLA, a trader who is trying to establish the same maritime route that Captain Lingard has perfected. Willems betrays the secret route to Abdulla. When they enter the bay, Willems discovers that the cargo Abdulla carries includes guns. That night, the trading post is attacked by Babalatchi's men. Almeyer is captured and dunked into the river. His wife, CHRISTINA, rifle in hand, demands his release. Omar's hut is set ablaze by Babalatchi's men and Willems is blamed for the fire. Willems and Aissa are stoned and banished to a cave on top of a mountain. Captain Lingard finally returns to find out his secret betrayed and his trading post in disarray. When Lingard discovers Willem's betrayal, he goes to face him one last time. Aissa, afraid that Lingard has come to take Willems away, pleads with Willems to shoot his old friend. Willems refuses, and instead runs after Lingard begging forgiveness. Aissa picks up the gun..... 