 Bellbottom (2021)44) When an Indian commercial airliner is hijacked by terrorists in the mid 1980s, a government agent is tasked with rescuing the 210 hostages. Akshay Kumar plays a Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) agent in this espionage thriller, inspired by true events. The story follows this star undercover agent who goes by the code name 'Bellbottom'. After a plane is hijacked and lands in Amritsar, the seventh hijacking incident in five years, he is brought in to save the day. Akshay's character plans a daring covert operation to rescue 210 hostages and neutralise four hijackers. Vaani Kapoor plays his wife while Huma Qureshi features as one of his team members. Lara Dutta looks almost unrecognisable as former prime minister Indira Gandhi. Amongst multiple heinous airplane hijacks, India was made to face another such challenge in 1984. BellBottom, a RAW agent played by Akshay Kumar sees through the plan and thus, begins India's first covert operation. A story based on true events, led by BellBottom, that went on to create one of the most defining moments of the country. In 1984 Indian Airlines flight IC 691 is hijacked and taken to Lahore this is the fifth Indian Airlines flight hijacked in the last seven years in tenure of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. RAW decides to appoint one of their undercover agent Anshul Malhotra known by his code name Bell Bottom who has done numerous research on the flights hijacked in last few years and the mission is personal to him as his mother succumbed to death during one of the hijacked flights.The ministry and officials rejects theories of Bell Bottom and observations but get him involved when his observation turns true.The hijacked flight is taken to Dubai where the hijackers want to negotiate with Indian officials Bell Bottom and his team arrive with the officials to Dubai where he has a set up plan but has to assure the Dubai government that there is no blood shed. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 