 Baby on Board (2009)431) Life for a successful power couple get thrown for a loop when the wife finds out she's pregnant. The story of Angela -an ambitious, image-conscious businesswoman working for over-demanding boss Mary. When Angela becomes unexpectedly pregnant at the peak of her career, her life with her divorce attorney husband, Curtis, is turned upside-down. BABY ON BOARD begins with an inconvenient pregnancy that leads to a nine-month roller coaster ride as Angela and Curtis try to cope-even as the interference of best friends Danny and Danny's wife Sylvia escalate the situation into a battle of the sexes. Angry Monkey Entertainment On the day Angela gets the green light to develop a major ad campaign for a perfume for pregnant women, she finds she's unexpectedly pregnant and wrongly believes her husband, Curtis, is having an affair. Curtis, a high-priced divorce lawyer, wrongly assumes he's not the father and that Angela's having an affair. Both get bad advice -- she from her mother, he from his recently-separated law partner - to give the other the silent treatment: so each is miserable. At work, Angela keeps her pregnancy secret from her tough female boss, and Curtis is put in situations demanding amoral legal casuistry. Will either smarten up in time for the baby's arrival? And what about the perfume? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the tradition of Knocked Up and The 40 Year Old Virgin arrives hilarious comedy BABY ON BOARD; the story of Angela (Heather Graham)an ambitious, image-conscious businesswoman working for over-demanding boss Mary (Lara Flynn Boyle). When Angela becomes unexpectedly pregnant at the peak of her career, her life with her divorce attorney husband, Curtis (Jerry OConnell), is turned upside-down. BABY ON BOARD begins with an inconvenient pregnancy that leads to a nine-month rollercoaster ride as Angela and Curtis try to copeeven as the interference of best friends Danny (John Corbett) and Dannys wife Sylvia (Katie Finneran) escalate the situation into a battle of the sexes. 