 One Two Three (2008)321) Three strangers with the same name, Laxminarayan, travel to Pondi with their tasks. Chaos ensues when they are mistaken for each other as they stay in the same hotel. Laxminarayan lives a poor lifestyle in Mumbai along with his widowed mother, Kanta, who wants him to be a successful gangster like Batlabhai, and would like him to kill a few people, make enough money, then get married to Khujli's daughter, Meena. In order to fulfill his mother's wish, Laxminarayan accepts a contract to kill D'Mello Yadav, a Pondi-based gangster, who has stolen a diamond from Batla. Then there is Laxminarayan, the detailed and obedient Secretary of D.M. Pipat, who wants him to buy a vintage car from a Pondi-based used car dealer, Laila. Finally, there is the third Laxminarayan, who sells undergarments and runs a business 'Bulbul Lingerie' along with his son, Sonu, who decides to travel to Pondi to meet with his new supplier, Jiya. The trio all arrive and book rooms next to each other in Blue Diamond Hotel. Their respective lives will be hilariously turned upside down when Pipat's assistant will be mistaken for Kanta's son, and taken hostage by Yadav and his men; while Laila will attempt to seduce Sonu's dad to be her client; and Kanta's son will end up trying to kill Jiya. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The information meant for three Laxminarayans, one of which is an undergarments salesman, the second one is a car salesman and the third one is a wannabe gangster, staying at the same hotel in Pondicherry is mixed-up and the story unfolds as the confusion reigns supreme. The undergarments salesman is scheduled to meet an upcoming designer Jiya who is being tormented by Murli Manohar Munde who happens to be a shareholder in her restaurant. The car salesman is supposed to buy a vintage car from Laila and finally the gangster Laxminarayan is supposed to kill the thief and recover a diamond worth of 20 crores (200 million Rupees) which has been stolen by Albert and Pinto for their Boss DMellos Yadav. 