 High Life (2009)431) In 1983, four hapless junkies plan to rob an ATM. It's 1983, and hopeless junkie Dick gets an unwelcome visit from the past - his seriously sleazy former cellmate, Bug, to be precise. Bug requires a crash course in the 80s: different music, different drugs, and machines in walls that dispense money. The latter development gives Dick an idea. Anonymous 1983. A blue collar ex-con who always wanted to be a lawyer, Dick, a cinemaphile, is largely trying to go the straight and narrow working as a hospital janitor. Dick's straight life quickly goes out the window when his cellmate of three years, Bug, an April Wine aficionado, is released from prison, an incident initiated by Bug three hours after his release effectively getting Dick fired. Wanting some cash to feed their illicit drug use - Dick's drug of choice being morphine - Dick comes up with a precision laden plan to steal an uncertain amount of money housed in a newfangled and seemingly somewhat unsecured machine: an ATM. He sees the crime as being victimless and it is not to include any violence. Dick has a third in mind for their team in the form of Donnie, another prison mate of theirs who was released a while ago and who already has a penny ante scam to steal dollars here and dollars there from largely unsuspecting seniors who he thinks rarely even notice the missing money. Dick's plan requires one more team member, a boy scout type who is also a ladies man. Dick is able to find that fourth in the form of Billy, who none of three know, who is seemingly like-minded in striving for their end goal of wanting drugs as seen by how Dick discovered him, and whose background, which only Dick knows, does not include something, that missing something that would disqualify him from the job if Bug or Donnie knew. Dick quickly learns that his three associates are not too concerned about precision and are quickly willing to improvise if and when the plan goes off the rails and/or the appropriate situation arises, which can mean the job going in three different and unknown directions from Dick's plan. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. High Life is a comedic heist story from the flip-side of the 80s consumer dream. Its 1983 and Dick and his pals have been botching jobs and racking up prison time for years, but this time Dick has the perfect plan for the perfect heist and enough dough to buy he and his posse some self-respect. With the arrival of his slightly unhinged cell-mate, Bug, on the scene its going to take all Dick has just to keep his crew from killing each other, let alone pulling off the heist. Ripe with humour and manic, high-wire tension, High Lifes lovable losers will stop at nothing as they bungle their way through their pipe dream of easy money and easy street. 