 Play the Game (2009)Summaries A young ladies' man teaches his dating tricks to his lonely, widowed grandfather, and plays his best mind games to meet the woman of his dreams. David sells cars at his father's dealership and, from time to time, visits his grandpa, Joe, at a retirement home. David's a great salesman and he's successful attracting women, one after another. Joe, meanwhile, misses his deceased wife and is done with life. David gives Joe advice on how to get women's attention at the care center, and Joe gives David advice on how to find a lifelong companion. Each dismisses the other's words, then tries them out - David with Julie, a woman he met playing football, and Joe with Edna and with Rose. Failures follow success. Can either figure out how to enjoy life and be themselves? <jhailey@hotmail.com> David Mitchell has recently discovered his inner Lothario, preying upon the insecurities of women in his game to get them to sleep with him. He is not interested in a future with any of these women. He uses these same games as a car salesman at his father's dealership to sell cars successfully. David has a stronger bond with his paternal grandfather, eighty-four year old Joe Mitchell, who raised David. David only works for his father, whom he doesn't much like, to make money to pay for Joe's condo in a senior community where Joe moved following the death of his wife two years ago. Joe misses his wife dearly but also misses the companionship that she provided in his life. As promised to his grandmother on her deathbed, David wants to help Joe find that next companion in his life even though Joe's not sure if he wants to replace his deceased wife in any way. The only way David knows how to get women is using these games, which may not result in the long term companion Joe would want. Conversely, Joe tries to convince David that there is more to life with women than one night stands. David may truly understand what his grandfather is telling him when he meets and starts to fall for Julie Larabee, who just happens to be the granddaughter of Rose Sherman, the woman in the senior community complex to whom Joe feels most attracted. David's games may not result in the long term relationship he ultimately admits to himself that he would like with Julie. Other goings-on behind the scenes may affect what happens in both Joe and David's love lives. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 