 Yuvvraaj (2008)321) Two estranged brothers must learn to work together to claim their rightful share of an inheritance left solely to their eldest sibling. Yogendra Yuvvraaj Singh lives a wealthy lifestyle along with 3 sons, Gyanesh - who is mentally unstable; Deven - a bully and slacker; and Danny - a Casanova. While he does tolerate Danny, he asks Deven to leave when the later assaults Gyanesh. Deven re-locates to Austria, meets with Anushka Banton, and both fall in love much to the chagrin of her dad, Dr. P.K. Banton, who wants her to wed, Daniel Mehta. When Yogendra suddenly passes away, Deven returns home to find that the household is run by his maternal uncle, Om Prakash, and his family. The family will soon find out through Advocate Sikander Mirza that the majority of the wealth and estate will be inherited by Gyanesh -leading to a conspiracy between both Deven and Danny - to try and befriend Gyanesh, and then compel him to share the estate equally between the three. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A Child wants love, a man wants money ` Eventually one yearns love!!! Subhash Ghai tells a uniqe tale spin of our times narrated through music yuvvraaj a story of the attitudes of youngsters today as they prioritize money and life style over value of relationships. Set in Europe in modern times, its about the three sons of a billionaire father brought up in three different environments, their individual personalities, their passion and aggression to fulfill their aspirations. The three sons are played by Salman Khan, Anil Kapoor and Zayed Khan. Deven Yuvraaj [Salman Khan] needs money to get his billionaire beloved - a beauty queen, played by Katrina Kaif. Gyanesh [Anil Kapoor] is yet to realize the colour of money but gets caught in the web of money. Danny [Zayed Khan] breaths nothing but money, the only power he knows. Anushka [Katrina Kaif] has passion for music and obsession for an earthy man Deven and plays the catalyst through her music in this family drama in which you laugh, cry, sing and dance. How they depart and how they meet and how they play against each other is the most exciting plot presented in this gigantic motion picture. A musical extravaganza by Subhash Ghai, in his inimitable style Music binds Love 