 Little Ashes (2008)321) About the young life and loves of artist Salvador Dal, filmmaker Luis Buuel and writer Federico Garca Lorca. In 1922, Madrid is wavering on the edge of change as traditional values are challenged by the dangerous new influences of Jazz, Freud and the avant-garde. Salvador Dali arrives at the university; 18 years old and determined to become a great artist. His bizarre blend of shyness and rampant exhibitionism attracts the attention of two of the university's social elite - Federico Garcia Lorca and Luis Bunel. Salvador is absorbed into their youthfully decadent group and for a time Salvador, Luis and Federico become a formidable trio, the most ultra-modern group in Madrid. However as time passes, Salvador feels and increasingly strong pull towards the charismatic Federico - who is himself oblivious of the attentions he is getting from his beautiful writer friend, Magdalena. In the face of his friends' preoccupations - and Federico's growing renown as a poet - Luis sets off for Paris in search of his own artistic success. Federico and Salvador spend the holiday in the sea-side town of Cadaques. Both the idyllic surroundings and the warmth of the Dali family sweep Federico off his feet. Salvador and Frederico draw closer, sharing their deepest beliefs, inspirations and secrets, convinced that they have found a kind of love not dreamed of by others. It is more that a meeting of the minds; it is a fusion of souls. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1922, 18-year old Salvador Dal (Robert Pattinson) arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or student residences, is a modern environment which encourages Spain's brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi's social elite poet Federico Garca Lorca (Javier Beltran) and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buuel (Matthew McNulty). Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid. Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena (Marina Gatell), and Salvador himself feels the pull of Garca Lorca's magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo's closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfill his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dal's family. Federico finds himself accepted[1] into the Dal family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes more.[2] Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness. Dal finds Garca Lorca's obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Dal is soon entangled with Gala (Arly Jover) a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When Garca Lorca visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics. 