 Luck (I) (2009)431) An underworld kingpin recruits people endowed with 'Luck' from across the globe to take part in a series of challenges designed to test their 'Luck' factor, as gamblers around the world bet on them. Born lucky, Karim Moussa takes to exploiting it instead of focusing on studies. Now a wealthy gambler, he decides to recruit about a dozen lucky people to participate in a deadly game of survival. His agent, Lakhaan Tamaang, recruits Ram Mehra - whose father killed himself after losing 25 Crores - and is about to lose everything he and his mom own, and may end up being arrested for robbing an ATM machine; Major Jabbar Pratap Singh - who needs money for his wife's treatment; a camel jockey, Shortcut, sold by her parents for Rs.15000/-, who wants to make it big in life; a returning player, Ayesha, who had already participated, and is back for more; a psychotic serial killer, Raghav Raghuvaran, who miraculously escaped the death penalty. All of the above, including others from different countries, must compete, kill each other, with the survivor netting 20 Crores Rupees in just 20 days. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Ram's father has left a huge debt which he wont be able to pay working all his life.He comes across Lakhan Tamang who tells him that he is born lucky and his luck will play major part in his life.Tamang takes Lakhan to Cape Town where Kareem Mossa bets on luck of human beings where in the betting game unlucky people die while lucky people survive and win huge some of money.Ram befriends Rani,Major Jabbar and Shorcut who are also participating in the betting game.Rani and Ram come close to each other and fall in love.Raghav is a dreaded criminal who is also part of the game and eyes on Rani as well as the winning amount and can got to any extent for his win. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Luck follows the tale of mafia kingpin Musa (Sanjay Dutt) who has one obsession; to revolutionize the betting industry. For him life is a gamble, and what better way to skew the odds than play with those with luck on their side! Luck is a gripping saga with different characters from different parts of the world, each with Lady Luck in their favour. With millions at stake, how far will each of them go in courting danger and deceit? 