 Old Henry (2021)44) An action western about a farmer who takes in an injured man with a satchel of cash. When a posse comes for the money, he must decide who to trust. Defending a siege, he reveals a gunslinging talent calling his true identity into question. Old Henry, an action western about a widowed farmer and his son who warily take in a mysterious, injured man with a satchel of cash. When a posse of men claiming to be the law come for the money, the farmer must decide who to trust. Defending a siege of his homestead, the farmer reveals a talent for gun-slinging that surprises everyone calling his true identity into question. Shout! Studios A widowed farmer and his son warily take in a mysterious, injured man with a satchel of cash. When a posse of men claiming to be the law come for the money, the farmer must decide who to trust. Defending a siege of his homestead, the farmer reveals a talent for gun-slinging that surprises everyone calling his true identity into question. yusufpiskin Widowed farmer Henry and his son Wyatt live on a farm, away from civilization. Henry discovers a lost horse with blood on the saddle. He goes to investigate and finds a near-dead man named Curry and a cash loot. He brings Curry back to his farm and saves his life. A couple days later three riders come to the farm in search of the man and loot. These three riders are outlaws pretending to be officers of the law. They ask Henry to turn over Curry. Henry does not give up Curry and combats the three riders and their horde. Wyatt is not allowed to help his father. Therefore he shows anger towards his father, still not knowing who his father really is and why he behaves like this. Then Henry goes out with his pistol and kills all of the outlaw riders. After the combat, the wounded Curry tells Wyatt who his father really is. This explains the behavior of "Old" Henry and the ending. Frank Liesenborgs It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 