 Zack Snyder's Justice League (2021)431) Determined to ensure Superman's ultimate sacrifice was not in vain, Bruce Wayne aligns forces with Diana Prince with plans to recruit a team of metahumans to protect the world from an approaching threat of catastrophic proportions. Determined to ensure Superman's ultimate sacrifice was not in vain, Bruce Wayne aligns forces with Diana Prince with plans to recruit a team of metahumans to protect the world from an approaching threat of catastrophic proportions. The task proves more difficult than Bruce imagined, as each of the recruits must face the demons of their own pasts to transcend that which has held them back, allowing them to come together, finally forming an unprecedented league of heroes. Now united, Batman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and The Flash may be too late to save the planet from Steppenwolf, DeSaad and Darkseid and their dreadful intentions. A new threat has emerged from the darkest corner of the Universe: Darkseid, the lord of the planet Apokolips. To stop this brutally ambitious ruler from unleashing his relentless army upon the world , The Justice League must unite as one and save the Earth from the Universe's most dangerous warlord. Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Narrative acts 1. Don't Count on It, Batman 2. The Age of Heroes 3. Beloved Mother, Beloved Son 4. Change Machine 5. All the King's Horses 6. Something Darker Epilogue: A Father Twice Over Thousands of years ago, Darkseid and his Parademons attempted to conquer Earth using the Mother Boxes after learning that Earth harbored the Anti-Life Equation. The attempt was foiled by a unified alliance of Old Gods, Amazons, Atlanteans, humanity, and a Green Lantern. After the battle, the Boxes were hidden in different locations, guarded by the Amazons, Atlanteans, and Humanity, respectively. In the present, Superman's death triggers the Boxes' reactivation, attracting Steppenwolf, Darkseid's disgraced lieutenant, to Earth. Steppenwolf aims to regain Darkseid's favor by gathering the boxes to form "the Unity," which would terraform Earth in the likeness of their world Apokolips. Steppenwolf retrieves a Mother Box from Themyscira, prompting Queen Hippolyta to warn her daughter Diana Prince. Diana receives the message and learns of the events related to Darkseid and Steppenwolf. She informs Bruce Wayne. Bruce and Diana seek to form a team of metahumans to protect Earth. Bruce locates Arthur Curry and Barry Allen, while Diana locates Victor Stone. Barry joins immediately, while Arthur and Victor refuse. However, Victor joins after his father Silas and several other S.T.A.R. Labs employees are kidnapped by Parademons seeking the humans' Mother Box. Steppenwolf attacks an Atlantean outpost to retrieve their Box, forcing Arthur into action. The team receives intel from Gotham City Police Commissioner James Gordon, leading them to Steppenwolf's army in an abandoned facility under Gotham Harbor. Although the group rescues the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, trapping the team until Arthur helps delay the flood so they can escape. Victor retrieves the last Mother Box, which he had hidden, for the group to analyze. Victor reveals that Silas used the Box to rebuild his body after a car accident and that the Boxes are "change machines" that unfalteringly enforce the will of their master, destroying or restoring to life without bias. The group decides to use the Box to resurrect Superman to help fight Steppenwolf. Barry and Victor exhume Superman's body and place it in the amniotic fluid of the genesis chamber in a Kryptonian ship kept in S.T.A.R. Labs. After Barry activates the Mother Box, an amnesiac Superman is resurrected, immediately attacking the group after Victor's cybernetics target him in self-defense. Lois Lane arrives just in time to calm Superman, preventing him from killing Bruce. Together, Lois and Superman leave for his family home in Smallville, where he regains his memories and reunites with his mother, Martha. Steppenwolf attacks S.T.A.R. Labs and retrieves the last Mother Box, though Silas manages to supercharge the Box with laser heat at the cost of his own life, allowing Victor to track it by tracing the heat. Without Superman, the five heroes travel to where Steppenwolf aims to unite the Boxes. The team fights their way through the Parademons to reach the Boxes but cannot distract Steppenwolf enough for Victor to separate them. Superman arrives and overpowers Steppenwolf, but the Boxes merge to form the Unity, causing a massive explosion. Barry enters the Speed Force and reverses time, allowing Superman and Victor to separate the Boxes. The heroes kill Steppenwolf and toss his body through a portal to Apokolips. Still, Darkseid assures his servant DeSaad he will return to Earth with their fleet to complete his quest for the Anti-Life Equation. After the battle, Bruce, Diana, and Alfred Pennyworth agree to set up a base of operations at the former Wayne Manor. As the team establishes, Diana receives another message from the Amazons, Barry acquires a job in Central City's police department which impresses his father Henry, Victor is inspired by a message from his father to use his abilities for good, Arthur bids farewell to Mera, and his mentor Nuidis Vulko as he goes to see his father, and Superman resumes his life as reporter Clark Kent and as protector of Earth. Lex Luthor, who escaped from Arkham Asylum, is visited by Slade Wilson, to whom Luthor reveals Batman's secret identity. After having a vision involving Victor, Barry, Mera, Wilson, the Joker, and an evil Superman in a post-apocalyptic world, Bruce receives a visit from the Martian Manhunter, who previously visited Lois disguised as Martha. He thanks Bruce for assembling the team before saying they will be in contact in preparation for Darkseid's next plans. 