 A Boyfriend for My Wife (2008)431) A man finds a very unusual way to get rid of his wife. Tenso (Adrin Suar) doesn't know how to deal with his wife Tana (Valeria Bertuccelli) or how to tell her that he wants to separate because her terrible temper has made the relationship a completely mess. She lives in a constant bad mood: if she isn't complaining about the weather, it's the government, the neighbors, teenagers...anything, everything. Tenso's friend Carlos suggests that he invert the situation and cause Tana to leave him; when Tenso wonders how, Carlos suggests that he hire Cuervo Flores (Gabriel Goity), an irresistible old seducer who will charm his wife until she falls in love with him. Has Tenso finally found the solution to his problem? Roberto Arvalo In Buenos Aires, small-time merchant Diego "Tenso" Polsky has a boring life with his unpleasant wife Andrea "Tana" Ferro, who is constantly in a bad mood. Tenso does not have courage to leave his wife, so his friend Carlos suggests that he force his wife to divorce him. They meet womanizer Cuervo Flores and Tenso hires him to seduce his wife and gets a job for her in a small radio station. Tana changes her behavior and her temper, dating Flores and working in the radio station, and her show becomes a hit. Meanwhile Tenso falls in love with her again. Is it too late? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. El Tenso (Adrin Suar) doesnt know how to deal with his wife, Tana (Valeria Bertuccelli); how to tell her that he wants to separate because the relationship is a completely mess due to her terrible temper. She constantly lives in a bad mood: if she doesnt complain about the weather she does about the government; if she doesnt complain about the neighbors she does about the teenagers... or whatever. Carlos, a friend of Tenso, suggests him to invert the situation ... and cause Tana to leave him. Tenso wonders how, and Carlos has a suggestion: to hire the Cuervo Flores (Gabriel Goity), an old irresistible seducer that will try to charm his wife until she falls in love with him, and so, the Tenso finally finds the solution to his problems ... 