 Labor Pains (2009)321) A young woman pretends to be pregnant in order to avoid being fired from her job. When that gets her special treatment by everyone involved in her life, she tries to keep up the lie for nine months. Thea Clayhill is the reckless secretary of arrogant publisher Jerry Steinwald. When Jerry fires her having had an accident with his beloved dog, Thea lies and tells him that she is four-months pregnant. Thea lost her parents in a car accident and raises her younger sister Emma alone and can not afford to lose her job. Jerry goes on vacation to be with his dog and his brother Nick Steinwald assumes his position. Thea decides to fake her pregnancy for more time with the support of her friend Lisa. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law and Order that you cannot fire a pregnant woman as a stand agaisnt discrimination. The plan works, and she gets to keep her job. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. Nick and Thea soon begin to become romantically involved. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life a lot to the extent that she begins to believe she is pregnant. However, her little sister soon grows frutstrated with the lie and destroyed her pregnancy pillow, and in haste, Thea grabs a balloon, which pops, and her cover is blown. Soon, Thea learns to get herself together and apologizes on a national talk show to Nick and the company, and Nick fogives her and takes her back, and she gets to keep her job. Two years later, Thea is shown going into labor with her and Nick's child...for real. [D-Man2010] Thea Clayhill (Lindsay Lohan) is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher (Chris Parnell) -- so she lies about being pregnant to save her job. The plan works. With the help from a friend (Cheryl Hines) -- and a pillow -- Thea fakes the pregnancy while she figures out what to do next. But in the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick (Luke Kirby) takes over. Nick launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. Suddenly she gets a raise and a promotion. And pretty soon she begins to like her new life -- not to mention Nick -- a lot. But how long can Thea keep up this ruse? And what will happen when everyone learns the truth? [D-Man2010] 