 The Girl King (2015)Summaries THE GIRL KING paints a portrait of the brilliant, extravagant Kristina of Sweden, queen from age six, who fights the conservative forces that are against her ideas to modernize Sweden and who have no tolerance for her awakening sexuality. An enigmatic young woman in conflict - torn between reason and passion; between her woman's body and being raised as a prince; between the ancient and modern worlds and between the brilliance of her educated mind and the conservative forces around her. Crowned Queen at the age of six, Kristina of Sweden was thrust into a labyrinth of power and tradition, where a court of austere, Lutheran men pressure her to marry and produce an heir to fulfill her destiny. She finds sanctuary and love with her lady-in-waiting, the beautiful and elegant, countess Ebba Sparre, although the Chancellor, Axel Oxenstierna, pressures her to pair with his son, Johan. Soon the forces around the Queen realize that Ebba is the key to controlling her, but they underestimate Kristina's brilliant mind and her drive to be free. Triptych Media Inc. At age six in 1632 upon his death, Kristina, the only offspring of King Gustav II Adolf of Sweden, is taken from her mother to be groomed by Chancellor Axel Oxenstierna to be the rightful successor, the Chancellor's teachings largely in following Lutheranism, like her father, in the continuing battles across Europe between the Protestants and the Catholics. In reaching the age of majority, Kristina ascends to the throne a strong and strong-willed young woman, exhibiting the traits more often associated with a man. She is a popular ruler with a progressive stance, her two priorities to make the Swedish populace more enlightened through learning - she particularly enamored with the philosophies of Ren Descartes - but arguably more important to achieve peace which means coming to an agreement with the Catholic opposition, not only in Sweden but across the continent. This stance places her at odds with many of the men standing behind her, some who wish to marry her to exert that influence, while there are others who want to marry truly for love. There are also others who believe she should cozy up to the Catholics in a marriage of convenience to show a more meaningful path to peace. Complicating matters is Kristina's own attraction, specifically to Countess Ebba Sparre, who she appoints one her Ladies-in-Waiting solely to have her near. Kristina's romantic yearnings for the Countess are despite she already being betrothed to another, and Kristina realizing that one of her own duties as Queen is to sire an heir. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 