 Solace (II) (2015)44) Psychic John Clancy (Sir Anthony Hopkins) works with the F.B.I. in order to hunt down a serial killer. A psychic doctor, John Clancy (Sir Anthony Hopkins), works with an F.B.I. Special Agent (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) in search of serial killer Charles Ambrose (Colin Farrell). After having lived in isolation for two years since the death of his daughter, Clancy is asked by his friend Joe, an F.B.I. Special Agent, to help him solve several murders committed by a serial killer. The problem is that Ambrose is also psychic and far ahead of Clancy. When F.B.I. Special Agent Joe Merriwether (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is unable to solve a series of homicides, he decides to enlist the help of his former colleague Dr. John Clancy (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a retired physician with psychic powers. The reclusive Clancy, who shuttered his practice and retreated from the world following the death of his daughter and subsequent break-up of his marriage, wants nothing to do with the case. He soon changes his mind after seeing disturbingly violent visions of Joe's partner, F.B.I. Special Agent Katherine Cowles' (Abbie Cornish) ultimate demise. When Clancy's exceptional intuitive powers put him on the trail of a suspect, Charles Ambrose (Colin Farrell), the doctor soon realizes his abilities are no match against the extraordinary powers of this vicious murderer on a mission. In the face of a mysterious spate of unsolvable homicides, the experienced FBI Special Agent Joe Merriwether and his skeptical partner Katherine Cowles decide to enlist the help of Joe's psychic old friend, Dr. John Clancy. Now, two long years after the untimely death of his daughter, the reclusive clairvoyant reluctantly has to put his controversial charisma to good use and attempt to track down the elusive serial killer who terrorizes the city. However, what if the unknown murderer can also predict the future, and above all, his opponent's next move? Under those circumstances, as the noose is tightening around the cruel perpetrator, can Clancy outsmart his far superior adversary and crack this thorny case? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 