 Tiki Taka (2020)321) Revolves around Khelechi, an African national, who comes to India with a football laden with narcotics to deliver it to P.K, who runs a drug cartel. However, in a comedy of errors P.K's men pick up the wrong guy, and Khelechi ends up with Raju, a con man. Tiki-Taka is a 2020 Indian Hindi -language comedy drama film directed by Parambrata Chattopadhyay. The film stars Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Imona Enabulu, Ritabhari Chakraborty, Saswata Chatterjee and Kanchan Mallick. The film follows the life of a street-smart cabbie Raju who accidentally meets a young man from Senegal who got himself into the world of narcotics only to secure money for the treatment of his ailing mother. Raju decides to help the poor fellow and his inventive lies begins a comedy of errors; takes us through a series of misadventures only to evoke a sense of humanity and tell a story of universal brotherhood. Devdeepa Mukherjee Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Khelecchi is in his mid-20s, and from a poor family in Senegal, Africa. To secure the money for his ailing mother's treatment, Khelecchi grabs an offer to deliver a small consignment of drugs to a certain drug lord PK and travel to India - a country far away from his homeland. But after arriving in India, a mistake by PK's flunkeys keep him from returning the consignment to the drug lord, PK. Khelecchi's sudden yet fortunate encounter with a street-smart cabbie Raju keeps his impending doom at bay. To keep the guy from dying, Raju starts a rumour of Khelecchi being a famous footballer from Senegal to Banalata - a journalist hungry for Breaking News. She grabs the opportunity to save her career, dodges being sexually harassed at office, and secure financial freedom unknowingly giving foundation to a rumour that spreads like wildfire. Raju decides to help the poor fellow and his inventive lies begins a comedy of errors; takes us through a series of misadventures only to evoke a sense of humanity and tell a story of universal brotherhood. Raju's innovative lies bring forth new trouble which puts Khelecchi in the middle of a hilarious tug-of-war between two famous football clubs along with the impending murderous rage from the drug lord PK whose consignment is in Raju's possession. Eventually, PK gets outsmarted by the clever cabbie Raju and gets caught red-handed by the Police, leading to a happy ending. This Hindi comedy drama film is directed by Parambrata Chattopadhyay. Tiki-Taka stars Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Imona Enabulu, Ritabhari Chakraborty, Saswata Chatterjee and Kanchan Mallick. 