 London Fields (2018)431) Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men: one of whom she knows will be her murderer. An American writer arrives in London where he meets Nicola Six, a beautiful woman who soon becomes his muse. She is playing a dangerous game, dating a small-time (married) gangster and a wealthy businessman in an effort to con them both. A clairvoyant, she has premonitions of her own death, at the hands of one of the three men she is involved with. grantss London, 1999. Blessed, or cursed, with the rare dark gift of clairvoyance, the cryptic, devilishly beautiful temptress, Nicola Six, is plagued by premonitions of death. Convinced that she is going to meet her fate on her 30th birthday and that the killer is one of the regulars of the noisy Black Cross Pub, Nicola starts dating three entirely different men: the blocked and terminally ill American author, Samson Young; the uncouth cab driver and aspiring darts champion, Keith Talent, and lastly, the wealthy and refined businessman, Guy Clinch. But, as Nicola effortlessly becomes the object of desire of all three men, more and more, her destiny calls. One of Nicola's suitors is a murderer. The question is, which one? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1999 London, this noir crime thriller based on Martin Amis's novel of the same name features a star-studded cast, including Billy Bob Thornton, Johnny Depp, Amber Heard, Jim Sturgess and Cara Delevingne. Martin Amis' 1989 novel London Fields was a diamond-sharp slash across the face of his nation. Set in a then-futuristic 1999, it painted a portrait of a world plagued by an unnamed Crisis, where men behave badly and a woman, Nicola Six, waits for her birthday, when she plans to be murdered. The New York Times called it "a virtuoso depiction of a wild and lustful society." Wild and lustful, indeed. Scripted by Roberta Hanley and directed by Matthew Cullen, this adaptation splashes Amis' words across the big screen as vivid, palpable flesh. Amber Heard plays Nicola as a young woman already world-weary. She's so anxious about her declining power over men as she ages that engineering her own death seems like the wise choice. She does her best to manipulate petty criminal Keith Talent (Jim Sturgess) and dangerously bored millionaire Guy Clinch (Theo James) toward the deed. When American novelist Samson Young (Billy Bob Thornton) discovers Nicola's story, it feels like an instant cure for his writer's block. Featuring cinematography by Guillermo Navarro (Pan's Labyrinth, Jackie Brown) and production design by Jeremy Reed (Factory Girl), London Fields wraps its characters in an intoxicating swirl of post-punk, grotty glamour. It suits them. Nicola, Keith, Guy, and Samson scheme to take what they can from each other, fueled by Guy's money, Samson's perverse sense of drama, and everybody's lust. And in London Fields, everybody really means everybody. The terrific ensemble cast includes Cara Delevingne, Gemma Chan, Jaimie Alexander - and a hello to Jason Isaacs. 