 Dolph Lundgren Is the Killing Machine (I) (2010)321) A Soviet-trained assassin is determined to escape his double life as a hitman and as a husband-father. There were those who called him Icarus. Everyone else knew him as a divorced father working for an investment company. But they didn't know his other side-his dark side. Because Icarus was at his best when he was killing people. For years, he'd worked as a sleeper agent in America-but when the Soviet Empire collapsed, he found himself in a foreign country with no one to trust. Determined to break from his dark past, he started over with a new identity. But you can only escape your past for so long. When a sudden mishap in Hong Kong blows Icarus' identity, past and present collide - and the assassin realizes he is now the target. The people that want him dead will stop at nothing to get to him. And that means going after what he cares about most-his wife and daughter. Fighting for his life, Icarus is forced to face the demons of his past to protect the loved ones in his present. He must fight to save the only thing he's ever done right in his life. He needs to uncover who is after him and protect his family - before it's too late. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Trained KGB assassin, EDWARD GENN (code name ICARUS), worked years ago as a sleeper agent in America. But when the Soviet Union collapsed, he quickly found himself in a foreign country with no one to trust. Determined to escape his muddled existence, EDWARD tries to start over. He assumes a new identity, starts a family and tries to start his own legitimate business that could potentially pull him out of his world of being a hitman. But the deeper EDWARD is pulled into the underworld, the more he is forced to balance his new life as a family man and his old one as a career hitman. But a man like EDWARD can only escape his shady past for so long... After an unfortunate mishap, EDWARDS identity is blown and his past comes crashing down on him. The hunter has become the hunted, and after a routine job turns into a set-up, EDWARD realizes he is now the target. EDWARD is faced with some of the most deadly assassins and is in a deadly battle for his life. Although EDWARDS cold hard exterior is no stranger to a fight to the death, this time, there is much more on the line. The men that want him dead will stop at nothing to get to him and that means going after what he cares about the mosthis family. Now EDWARD is forced to face the demons of his past and protect the loved ones in his present. He must fight against everything to save the only thing he has ever done right in life but couldnt keep. He needs to uncover who is after him and get to his family before its too late. 