 The Back-up Plan (2010)431) A woman conceives twins through artificial insemination, then meets the man of her dreams on the very same day. Zoe has always had difficulty letting anyone into her life; she has a habit of pushing people away whenever they get close. Now she wants to have a baby but has no man in her life, so she decides to be artificially inseminated. Shortly after having the procedure, she meets a guy called Stan and feels a spark. When she tells him about her pregnancy she thinks he will bail, but he stays. rcs0411@yahoo.com In New York, former executive and current pet-shop owner Zoe has no boyfriend and few friends since she has difficulties letting people into her life. She lost her parents as a child and her only living relative, her grandmother, lives in a nursing home. Feeling lonely, Zoe decides to have a baby by artificial insemination and joins a single-mothers' support group. When she leaves the clinic, very happy with the successful procedure, she meets cheese-manufacturer and college student Stan and they immediately feel attracted to each other. They date and Zoe believes she has found her Prince Charming. Then the doctor informs her that she's pregnant. How will she tell Stan, and how will he react? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Back-up Plan is a comedy that explores dating, love, marriage and family in reverse. After years of dating, Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) has decided waiting for the right one is taking too long. Determined to become a mother, she commits to a plan, makes an appointment and decides to go it alone. That same day, Zoe meets Stan (Alex OLoughlin) a man with real possibilities. Trying to nurture a budding relationship and hide the early signs of pregnancy becomes a comedy of errors for Zoe and creates confusing signals for Stan. When Zoe nervously reveals the reason for her unpredictable behavior, Stan commits fully and says hes in. Never before has love seen a courtship where a wild night of sex involves three in a bed Stan, Zoe and the ever-present massive pregnancy pillow. Or, where date night consists of being the focal point at a near-strangers water birth which does for kiddie pools what Jaws did for swimming in the ocean. The real pregnancy test comes when both of them realize they really dont know each other outside of hormonal chaos and birth preparations. With the nine month clock ticking, both begin to experience cold feet. Anyone can fall in love, get married and have a baby but doing it backwards in hyper-drive could be proof positive that they were made for each other. 