 Don 2 (2011)761) Don turns himself in and escapes with Vardhaan from prison, following which he recruits a team to steal currency printing plates from a bank in Berlin. Having conquered the Asian underworld, Don (Shah Rukh Khan) now has his sights set on European domination. In his way are the bosses of the existing European underworld and all law enforcement agencies. The action shifts from Kuala Lumpur to Berlin as Don must avoid assassination or arrest, whichever comes first, in order for his plan to succeed. Official site After eluding police in India for many years, Don extends his tentacles in Asia, and is all set to spread them in Europe - much to the chagrin of established gangsters. He then rather dramatically surrenders himself to Vishal Malik and his soon-to-be-successor, Roma, in Kuala Lumpur, and is held in a penitentiary, waiting for the death sentence to be carried out. With the help of a one-time rival, Vardhaan, the duo dramatically escape and head for Zurich and then Berlin. Roma and Vishal find out and follow them closely - little knowing the challenges they will soon be confronted with - after Don himself becomes a victim of treachery and betrayal at the hands of not one but several of his associates. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) The heads of criminal gangs from all over the world have vowed to eliminate Don. With both the law enforcement agencies as well as the underworld hot on his tail, he surrenders to the beautiful Roma & the about-to-retire Malik. He is in Kuala Lumpur jail for the sole purpose of teaming up with his arch rival Vardhan & escape he does, because with some crucial help from Vardhan he has hatched an outrageous plan of stealing plates for minting Euros from D. Z. Bank, Berlin. He must remain super-alert because there will be a killer just around the corner at every stage of this mission, just like Jabbar, who he turns on his side.But will Jabbar & Vardhan double-cross him? Will Sameer, the 'big fan' & a tech-expert stay with Don or succumb to his conscience? Anonymous 5 years ago, Don (Shahrukh Khan) succeeded in taking over the Asian underworld. He now wishes to take over the European underworld. Members of the European drug cartel wish to kill him, because he is jeopardizing their business, however they fail to do so and he kills most of them instead. Later, Don returns to Malaysia and surrenders to Malik (Om Puri) and Roma (Priyanka Chopra). Don is sentenced to jail where he meets his old rival Vardhan (Boman Irani) whom he had put in jail 5 years ago. Don and Vardhan agree to work together in stealing money plates from Germany worth a fortune. They succeed in escaping jail and travel to Europe. Also joining them in the crime are Sameer (Kunal Kapoor), a computer hacking expert and Jabbar (Nawab Shah) an assassin who was originally hired to kill Don. The gang manage to steal the plates from Germany. However, just as they do Don is betrayed. Anonymous Despite having conquered the Asian underworld, Don is living in seclusion somewhere in Thailand. Wanted by the Interpol and hunted by his rivals, Don surrenders to the Malaysian Interpol headed by Malik and his former love interest turned foe Roma in exchange for exemption from death sentence and information about his suppliers and enemies. Incarcerated in the same prison as his arch nemesis Vardhan, Don joins forces with him as both dramatically escape to Europe. Don now plans the biggest heist of his life: The Currency Plates from Deutsche Central Bank in Berlin, aided by computer hacker and his long term fan Samir and mercenary Abdul Jabbar, who although contracted to kill him, was intercepted first and blackmailed by Don into working with him. Question remains, will he succeed and above all escape yet again ? Or will he fall prey to corrupt DZB officials aiding him or the Police, either of whom want him dead by any means ? ankit-singh92 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2006 with the ever looming dangers of the underworld in Malaysia, Don broke the morale of his associates by infiltrating the gang with an alias and taking advantage of the enmity of Singhania & Vardhaan. He rose to become the undisputed King of the underworld with his shrewd mind and merciless tactics. The police in their pursuit of Don unknowingly hired the very man they were trying to hunt. Don used this to his advantage and let the police and his former associates battle each other while he escaped much to the bewilderment of everyone leaving no traces of evidence of his whereabouts. Having conquered the Asian underworld, Don (Khan) now has his sights set on European domination. In his way are the bosses of the existing European underworld and all law enforcement agencies. The action shifts from Kuala Lumpur to Berlin as Don must avoid assassination or arrest, whichever comes first, in order for his plan to succeed. 