 Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling (2009 Video)321) Zach talks Ben into taking off time to go on an adventure of a lifetime. Our two fiends head out on the river, along with an uptight Brit to find Ben's long lost love. Zach and Ben have been best buddies since they were in grade school. They were those "two guys" that we all know, opposites, but still the same kid. Their friendship continued through High School. Zach continually got them in trouble due to his carefree existence, and Ben was oblivious to everything as he became smitten by the girl of his dreams. Just as Ben got the nerve to pursue her, she moved out of the neighborhood, leaving Ben devastated for many years to come. Twelve years later, Ben & Zach, now in their mid-20's, still close friends, but have drifted apart due to making different choices in life. Ben is overworked and doesn't spend time doing the things he loves. He buries himself day and night in his work at a law firm. The only thing outside of work Ben has focused on is his life-long crush on the girl he met years ago in high school. Zach, an easy-going guy who enjoys everything he does, happily spends his days taking care of the elderly at a nursing home. Zach's only problem is that he always speaks his mind and sometimes doesn't see the repercussions of his words or actions until its too late. Zach misses spending time with his friend, but doesn't know how to wake him up and get him to start living his life again. Zach's chance comes when a dying patient at the retirement home begs him to find her granddaughter, whom she desperately wants to see her before she dies. When Zach sees her photo, he can't believe his eyes! It's Ben's long, lost crush, Heather. She has gone into the woods to save the environment, and has been missing for seven years. Zach talks Ben into taking off time to go on this adventure of a lifetime. If they find Heather, Ben can finally tell her how he's felt all these years! Our two friends head out on the river, along with Heather's sophisticated British cousin, Nigel, to see if she is truly alive and living in the trees. Along the way, they need to re-connect as friends to overcome many obstacles, including some drunk townsfolk, obsessed hillbillies, a haunted river, an army of squirrels, a mad genius and two goons that are secretly following Nigel. All just to re-start a friendship and to find the one girl who got away. Paramount Home Entertainment Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1996, Ben is a high school freshman. On his first day, he is embarrassed by his mother. His friend Zach tries to teach him to be cool, without much success. Then Ben sees this pretty girl named Heather trying to get the kids to sign her petition to stop dissecting of animals. Ben thinks Heather likes him, and he likes her. Though he remains the nerd who gets laughed at when his mother continues to embarrass him, Ben is determined to get Heather to like him. However, Heather gets kicked out of school for going too far with her protests. In the present, Ben is an idealistic lawyer who defends bad guys and does other things that make him uncomfortable. And the work just keeps getting piled on. He is miserable. Zach is a nurse in a nursing home, he is happy, and everyone likes him. Mrs. Bessler is near death and she knows it. She wants to see Heather one last time before she dies, and no one has been able to find her. The last time anyone heard from here, she was in Oregon. Zach believes Ben can help him, and he calls. Ben thinks he can't take time off, but Zach is very persuasive. One more detail. One of the cases Ben was working on involved some men who shot up a fast food place that couldn't get their order right. Or something like that. They want revenge on anyone who stands in the way of keeping them out of jail. And someone with binoculars is following our heroes. Oh, one more little detail. It seems Heather has an annoying British stepbrother named Nigel. He simply must be part of the search, and he brings along way too much stuff. And he won't stop talking. Still, the guys take him along and are relieved when they arrive in the Oregon town where Heather was last heard from. At the entrance to the town, there is a great looking truss bridge. Nigel leaves the guys to pick up equipment and supplies and make the financial arrangements. Zach and Ben go to a bar to ask about Heather. Yes, they know her. Her name is Earthchild now, and her friend is Thunderstorm. But it is unlikely she is still alive. There is a wall of photos of people who went into the nearby woods and were never heard from again. There are rumors of a Sasquatch type character. Someone in the bar takes a photo of our heroes and adds it to the wall, believing they are next. Determined to continue, the guys press on, and Nigel rejoins them, taking all that stuff even though he really won't need most of it in those woods. The first thing they have to do is take a raft down an exciting river with rapids. At least Nigel can provide one advantage: he is an experienced cockswain. That means he can help the guys stay safe in their raft. It's quite an adventure. Eventually, Nigel gets separated from Ben and Zach. The viewer discovers who has been following them, and there is plenty of excitement and physical comedy. Ben and Zach couldn't possibly have survived, right? Wrong. And what about the girls? Well, there are two possibilities, since they are both in the credits. One is that someone tells the tale of what happened to them and we see flashbacks. The other is that they are tough but gorgeous survivalists who have managed to stay alive in these woods and contribute to the effort of preserving them. In either case, the shelter is quite fancy and shows the girls to be quite intelligent and resourceful. The Sasquatch is long-lost relative of Al Gore, a determined environmentalist who has a theory so ridiculous it makes Gore look like Dick Cheney. 