 The Rebound (2009)431) In New York City, a single mom captivates her new neighbor, a much younger man. Sandy, upon discovering her husband's infidelity while watching her son's birthday video, leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. She gets an apartment that's above a coffee house where she befriends one of the workers, Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Aram's family thinks he's wasting his life and education by working in the coffee house. Soon after moving into the apartment, Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny while she takes on work for the first time since her children were born. It isn't long when Aram and Sandy find they get along wonderfully and start to date. But the question is: is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? jenn_1586@yahoo.com Aram Finklestein is a smart, shy last year business management student from an ambitious Jewish New York family, but refuses to be pushed into either rat race or a semi-arranged marriage, traumatized by the French exchange student 'wife' Alice who dumped him after getting her green card. So he takes menial jobs, like deli barista with a womanizer mate, who envies and encourages him when customer Sandy (45), not nearly over her divorce but with custody of pleasant rascal Frank and shameless brat Sadie, is surprised to hear him agree to babysit the pair while she tries dates arranged by her no-good friend Daphne. Aram repeats the service to everyone's satisfaction, but family-like affection grows, they date and he stands up for his clients against her presumptuous ex. Yet she can't handle the age difference, so their ways separate for years. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Newly single mum Sandy (Catherine Zeta Jones) moves to New York to start over. She hires a male nanny (Justin Bartha from The Hangover) to look after the kids. Hes 25-years old. And cute. Theres great chemistry between them and its not long before they see a lot more of each other. Things get complicated when they get into an intimate relationship. 