 Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore (2010)541) The on-going war between the canine and feline species is put on hold when they join forces to thwart a rogue cat spy with her own sinister plans for conquest. In the age-old battle between cats and dogs, one crazed feline has taken things a paw too far. Kitty Galore, formerly an agent for cat spy organization M.E.O.W.S., has gone rogue and hatched a diabolical plan to not only bring her canine enemies to heel, but also take down her former kitty comrades and make the world her scratching post. Faced with this unprecedented threat, cats and dogs will be forced to join forces for the first time in history in an unlikely alliance to save themselves, and their humans. Warner Bros. Pictures A former feline agent by the name of Ivana Clawyou goes A.W.O.L. after an unlucky occurrence with a dog, changing her life forever. Now known as "Kitty Galore", her new ambition is to take down all dogs and take over mankind. Will our favorite animal spies be able to stop Kitty, or will her diabolical plans get the best of them? Caitlyn Murray Ridiculed by her fellow agents, the furless Sphynx cat, Ivana Clawyu, a former cat operative who now goes by the name of Kitty Galore, turns rogue and swears revenge, following a freak accident with disastrous consequences. Now, to make both cats and dogs pay dearly for what they have done, megalomaniac Kitty concocts an evil plan for world domination, unbeknownst to her that Lou, the brave Beagle from Cats & Dogs (2001) , has formed an unlikely alliance with the head of all cats to stop her. But, once more, time is running out. Can the united spy-cats and dogs thwart the sinister plans of the bald feline dictator and save the planet? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the age-old battle between cats and dogs, one crazed feline has taken things a paw too far. Kitty Galore, formerly an agent for cat spy organization MEOWS, has gone rogue and hatched a diabolical plan to not only bring her canine enemies to heel, but destroy her former kitty comrades and make the world her scratching post. Faced with this unprecedented threat, cats and dogs will be forced to join forces for the first time in history in an unlikely alliance to defeat kitty galore - in "Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore," a comedy that blends live action with state-of-the-art puppetry and computer animation. It's time for the fur to fly. 