 Infinitum: Subject Unknown (2021)321) Jane is trapped in a parallel universe and is forced to find a way to alter her reality before it is too late. Shot on an iPhone with a remote crew during the first lockdown in London, Infinitum Subject Unknown is a mind-bending slice of British science fiction. Jane (Tori Butler-Hart) wakes up in a strange attic, bound and tied to a chair, she has no idea where she is or who she is. As panic sets in, she sees a violent bright light flash in front of her eyes and once again she wakes up; same situation as before, an exact repeat. Voices bleed in from another time and place, giving Jane clues to what might be happening to her. She escapes and embarks on a journey through an empty parallel world leading her to a Quantum science research laboratory in the middle of nowhere. There she discovers tapes from Dr Charles Marland-White (Ian McKellen) and Professor Aaron Ostergaard (Conleth Hill) and their experiment involving human test subjects. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film follows Jane (Tori Butler-Hart) who wakes up in a strange attic, in a parallel world, with seemingly no way out. We soon realise that she is stuck in a time-loop, destined to relive the same day over and over with little memory of her doing it before. But with each 'reset' she starts to remember more and more and begins to piece together what may be happening to her, with clues pointing to a Professor Aaron Ostergaard (Conleth Hill). As she makes her way to the mysterious Wytness Quantum Research Centre to find a way to stop it, she begins to get glimpses into other worlds and other versions of herself. But each time she seems to be getting closer to an answer she is immediately reset back to the attic she fears, to once more start her journey to learn the truth. As she travels from the city to the hidden research centre in the middle of nowhere, she sees that the world is entirely empty. There is evidence that life was once here, houses, cars and zeppelins hovering above, but everything is boarded up and abandoned. At night however, Jane sees torches and helicopters in the distance and discovers that soldiers are searching for her, adding to her desperation to get to the research centre and look for answers that might send her home. Once inside the centre the laws of time become erratic and Jane sees glimpses of people who are clearly living in another world, but whose actions are having an effect on the one she is trapped in, and those effects are growing worse with every 'reset'. 