 Anything for Jackson (2020)321) A bereaved Satanist couple kidnap a pregnant woman so they can use an ancient spellbook to put their dead grandson's spirit into her unborn child but end up summoning more than they bargained for. After losing their only grandson, Jackson, in a car accident, grief-stricken Audrey (Sheila McCarthy) and Henry (Julian Richings), a doctor, kidnap Henry's pregnant patient with the intention of performing a "reverse exorcism," putting Jackson inside her unborn child. It doesn't take long to figure out Jackson isn't the only ghost the grandparents invited into their home. Now, it's a race against time for the couple, as well as the pregnant woman, to figure a way out of the haunting they've set upon themselves. SZ Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Audrey Walsh and her husband Henry, a doctor, kidnap Henry's pregnant patient Shannon Becker and keep her captive in their house. Using an ancient grimoire, the Satan-worshipping couple performs a ritual to put the spirit of their dead grandson Jackson into Shannon's unborn baby. A demonic beast appears instead, indicating the ritual did not go as planned. Audrey, Henry, and Shannon start seeing haunting apparitions throughout the house. Henry encounters a ghost who violently flosses her teeth until they fall out. Audrey sees a trick-or-treater in a ghost costume, which is what her daughter, who killed herself after Jackson's death, wore every Halloween as a child. A contorting man suffocating from a bag over his head terrifies Shannon. Pushy handyman Rory comes to the house to plow the driveway. Possessed by the summoned evil, Rory suddenly kills himself by putting his body inside the plow. Audrey and Henry's plan encounters further complications when Detective Bellows begins investigating Shannon's disappearance. Bellows eventually comes to the house and discovers Shannon being held captive. Bellows holds Audrey and Henry at gunpoint, but unexpectedly shoots herself in the head and becomes another ghost haunting the home. Worried about what wrong, Audrey and Henry consult fellow cult member Ian. After examining the book they used to resurrect Jackson, Ian informs the couple they actually summoned Surgat, a demon that unlocks a doorway to tormented souls. Ian warns that ghosts from purgatory are now fighting to possess a human host. Ian claims he can complete the ritual properly, although it will require trading another life in order for Jackson to come back. Ian returns the next day to finish the spell. Cult leader Yolanda calls Henry with a frantic warning that Ian murdered his mother. Henry warns his wife that something is wrong with Ian. Commotion ensues when Shannon breaks free and apparitions appear in the room. Ian stabs Audrey and invites Surgat to take whomever he chooses. A giggling ghost drags Ian away. Another entity kills Henry. Shannon encounters several ghosts while fleeing from the house. The visions suddenly recede as Shannon drives away. Shannon looks at her lap and realizes her water broke. (thanks to culturecrypt com) 