 The Soviet Story (2008)321) The Soviet Story offers an alternative history of an Allied power, which helped the Nazis to fight Jews and which slaughtered its own people on an industrial scale. "The Soviet Story" is a unique first time documentary film by director Edvins Snore. The film tells the story of the Soviet regime and how the Soviet Union helped Nazi Germany instigate the Holocaust. The film shows recently uncovered archive documents revealing this. Interviews with former Soviet Military intelligence officials reveal shocking details. "The Soviet Story" was filmed over 2 years in Russia, Ukraine, Latvia, Germany, France, UK and Belgium. Material for the documentary was collected by the author, Edvins Snore, for more than 10 years. As a result, "The Soviet Story" presents a truly unique insight into recent Soviet history, told by people, once Soviet citizens, who have first-hand knowledge of it. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Soviet Story tells the untold facts of Soviet Union. Film evokes the similarity between Soviet Union and Nazi Germany and the secret friendship that took millions of Ukrainian lives during the famine - Holodomor, as all the food resources were taken away from Ukraine to be exported to Nazi Germany. This documentary will also provide the Western world with a close look into Stalin's ruled country without any liberty of thought. Any opposition led to Gulag which can be considered an ancestor of Nazi Concentration camps and where numerous medical experiments were carried out. Film contains interviews with witnesses and historians and politicians as well as it has some archive documents and photographs, never been brought to public and taken by Hitler's personal photograph Heinrich Hoffmann. Quite surprising is the comparison of the propaganda posters of both countries, which appears to be quasi identical. The film tells the story of the Soviet regime. The Great Famine in Ukraine (1932/33) The Katyn massacre (1940) The SS-KGB partnership [in the late 1930s the KGB was called NKVD, - Soviet mass deportations Medical experiments in the GULAG. These are just a few of the subjects covered in the film. The Soviet Story also discusses the impact of the Soviet legacy on modern day Europe. Listen to experts and European MPs discussing the implications of a selective attitude towards mass murder; and meet a woman describing the burial of her new born son in a GULAG concentration camp. The Soviet Story is a story of pain, injustice and realpolitik. [D-Man2010] 