 1920 (2008)55) After forsaking his family and religion, a husband finds his wife is demoniacally possessed. A devotee of Bhagwan Shri Hanuman, Arjun Singh Rathod is in love with Lisa, a Christian, who was sired by an Indian mother and Caucasian father, runs into problems with his father, who wants him to marry a Hindu. He decides to break all ties with his family, both turn atheist, get married, and re-locate to live in 1920s Bombay. The duo then re-locate to renovate a mansion in Palanpur. Shortly after their arrival Lisa suspects that there is something odd about a particular room in the mansion but Arjun dismisses this. He will soon regret this, as well of forsaking their respective religions, after he finds Lisa possessed by what appears to be a demonic and seemingly invincible male entity. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Arjun marries Lisa much to the humiliation from his family as she belongs to another faith.Arjun disowns his family and faith when they try to burn Lisa alive.Arjun an architect along with Lisa goes to Palampur to take charge of a mansion which is to be raised into a hotel.The previous architect who ever tried to take charge died a mysterious death.Arjun takes charge of the mansion but is unaware of supernatural things happening around, Lisa experiences strange things and While Arjun is away Lisa takes the help of a local priest Father Thomas who tells her that there is a presence of strong supernatural power in the house. The head priest confirms that the spirit wants to attack Lisa and upon returning Arjun finds that spirit has totally taken control over Lisa. alex.mjacko@gmail.com The main character falls in love with the girl but his family refused their love and tried to kill her by fire. The boy become angry and decided to become atheist and marry lisa. They married and went to a big house alone in woods to live together. But after some days Lisa starts to see and feel unwanted things. She felt like there is someone else in the house but the boy refused and told her you are new here that's why you feel strange but after a couple of days she was possessed. In order to save her, he went to a village and there he get to know that a girl named Gayatri Devi lived here and a lier who was with Britisher team lived with her and stayed a night with her and in the morning when the raja and police arrived they hung him in the same room where they slept and before dying he said to Gayatri that he will come again no matter even if she died and he will haunt her even in the next janam. So Gayatri became Lisa in the next janam and Lisa went to that house and spirit knew that she is Gayatri so that's why spirit is trying to kill her. The boy tried many things but the spirit killed everyone and at last he decided to sing Hanuman Chalisa and hugged Lisa so the spirit in her body goes away. After a moment the spirit leaves her body and Lisa was back to normal and they lived happily again A love made in Heaven. A revenge born in Hell. The year is 1920 and the house is isolated in the wilderness has a secret. It is waiting for the curse to come true. For years, everyone who has bought the house and tried to pull it down has died of mysterious circumstances. It is like the house has a will and life of its own. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 