 Upside Down (I) (2012)651) Adam and Eden fell in love as teens despite the fact that they live on twinned worlds with gravities that pull in opposite directions. Ten years after a forced separation, Adam sets out on a dangerous quest to reconnect with his love. Adam is a seemingly ordinary guy in a very extraordinary universe. He lives humbly trying to make ends meet, but his romantic spirit holds on to the memory of a girl he loved once upon a time from another world, an inverted affluent world with its own gravity, directly above but beyond reach... a girl named Eden. Their childhood flirtation becomes an impossible love. But when he catches a glimpse of grownup Eden on television, nothing will get in the way of getting her back... Not even the law or science! Onyx Films Ever since Adam (Jim Sturgess) and Eden (Kirsten Dunst) fell in love as teens, their bond has faced astronomical odds. The pair are separated not just by social class and a political system bent on keeping them apart, but also by a freak planetary condition: they live on twinned worlds with gravities that pull in opposite directions -- he on the poverty-stricken planet below, she on the wealthy, exploitative world above. Their budding but illicit romance screeches to a tragic halt when interplanetary-border patrol agents catch them and Eden suffers an apparently fatal fall. But when, ten years later, Adam learns she is alive and working at a vast corporation whose towering headquarters connects their planets, he sets out on a dangerous quest to infiltrate the company and the upper world to reconnect with her. Millennium Entertainment In a unique solar system that possesses double gravity, the two planets in the system coexist as one on top of the other. Life on one is seen as being upside down to the other, although what is considered the upper world more privileged, and the lower more disadvantaged. The gravity that exists on one is specific to all matter on that planet, meaning that any matter on one could not exist on the other, it which would just float away within that atmosphere. Inverse matter exists which would be able to provide that gravity specific to the other planet, however it is unstable in lasting only an hour or so before it burns off. The only official contact allowed between the two worlds is by and through Transworld, a company created in the upper world to rape the lower world of its resources for sale back to the lower world at inflated prices. They also police any unauthorized interaction between the two worlds. It is within this situation that Adam Kirk from the lower world, and Eden Moore from the upper world exist, they who met as children at the highest points on their respective planets and fell in love as teenagers. They defied the law and gravity to be together. Adam attributes all his problems to Transworld in the literal and figurative death of his family, and Eden falling to her death in the authorities discovering their unauthorized time together. It's now ten years after that latter incident when Adam sees Eden on a television broadcast, she an employee of Transworld. Still in love with her, Adam believes the only way to reconnect with her is to get a job with Transworld which at least allows some transaction between employees of the two worlds. He is able to get that job as he has been working on an anti-gravity beauty cream, using the family secret of pink bee pollen which is unique to those two mountains where the pink bees gather pollen from both worlds. What Adam is unaware of is that Eden suffers from amnesia from a concussion that fateful day ten years ago which led to her losing memory of anything before that day, including Adam. With the willing and unwitting help of Bob Boruchowitz, his upper world colleague at Transworld, Adam tries to prove his and Eden's love can overcome all the obstacles facing their reunion and union. Huggo In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Look up towards the sky and rub your eyes because you won't believe what you see: cities, forests, and oceans with their own inverted gravity, only an arm's length away, yet completely unreachable. Take a leap over to this alternate reality, two worlds one above, one below - facing each other, and youll land in the extraordinary world of Upside Down. Adam is a seemingly ordinary guy in a very extraordinary universe. He lives humbly trying to make ends meet, but his romantic spirit holds on to the memory of a girl he met once upon a time from another world, an inverted affluent world with its own gravity, directly above but beyond reach a girl named Eden. Their childhood flirtation becomes an impossible love. But when he catches a glimpse of grown-up Eden on television, nothing will get in the way of getting her back - not even the law or science! 