 New York (2009)Summaries A contemporary story of 3 friends discovering a new world set against the larger than life New York City. But one day the world around them changed. NEW YORK is a contemporary story of friendship set against the larger than life backdrop of a city often described as the centre of the world. Omar (Neil Nitin Mukesh) has gone abroad for the first time in his life and soon enough he begins to see and love America through the eyes of his American friends - Sam (John Abraham) and Maya (Katrina Kaif). It is the story of these three friends discovering a new world together. But one day the world around them changed - For most of us, larger events in the world are just headlines in the newspapers but these events can change our lives - forever. New York is one such story of 3 young friends whose beautiful lives are turned upside down by the larger event of 9/11 beyond their control. At this point enters Agent Roshan (Irrfan), an FBI undercover agent who sets the ball rolling for a series of tumultuous events that turn the lives of these friends into a dangerous and thrilling roller coaster ride. Innocence is lost forever. Official source Omar is arrested by FBI for possessing illegal arms which he denies the whole act was planned by FBI as officer Roshan wants him to spy on his old friend Sameer whose suspected to be a terrorist.Few years ago Omar joined a college in New York and Sameer and Maya and became his good friends,Omar loved Maya but she loved Sameer so he parted ways from them around the same time tragedy strikes in Newyork with 9/11 attacks.In present time Sameer and Maya are married happily with a son an Omar reunites with them while they remember their old days but Omar is constantly under the eye of Roshan.Omar finds that Sameer belongs to a terrorist groups who are soon to target Newyork but Sameer reveals him how circumstances after 9/11 forced him to become a terrorist. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 