 The Most Wonderful Time of the Year (2008 TV Movie)Summaries Corporate analyst and single mom, Jen, tackles Christmas with a business-like approach until her uncle arrives with a handsome stranger in tow. The overwhelming tasks that go along with Christmas have taken the joy out of the holidays for busy single mom Jennifer Cullen. Then her Uncle Ralph arrives at her home with the young, handsome Morgan Derby. Morgan's love of Christmas, and life, is contagious and as Jennifer glumly navigates through the holidays, she soon realizes that what she needs most is right under her nose. Stars Henry Winkler, Brooke Burns and Warren Christie. Anonymous Jennifer Cullen, a corporate analyst in Chicago, is good at her job in being logical and organized, she having a list for everything. Also a single mother of adolescent Brian Cullen, she is conversely not a good judge of men as witnessed by her ex-husband - Brian's father - having walked out on them for good shortly after Brian was born. She does not "do" Christmas well, with some last minute changes to plan constantly changing her Christmas to do list. Their overly fussy neighbor Rita, who has her own strict list of what people on their block "have" to do for Christmas, is constantly on her case about decorating the house, which means she has to find someone to hang her mandated all white Christmas lights sooner than later. She learns late in the season that all Brian wants is the hottest toy this season which is virtually impossible to get, at least by Christmas. And she also learns days before Christmas that her mother is no longer coming for the holidays, she instead opting for a sun and sand vacation. Her mother's no show means that Jen, not handy in the kitchen, has to prepare Christmas dinner, including the turkey. The only problem in she preparing dinner is that she wanted to impress her jeweler boyfriend Richard Winsley's parents. The other problem in her mother not coming is that Christmas was supposed to be the first time the two sets of parents met, leaving Jen's maternal uncle, just retired and recently widowed Brooklyn police officer Ralph Kendall, as her family representative, he who scares Richard but who is truly a teddy bear underneath his rough around the edges exterior. Conversely, Ralph sees Richard as a typical stuffed shirt. When Ralph does eventually make his way to Chicago from Brooklyn, he has brought with him Morgan Derby, a Renaissance man who he met and helped him out of a jam at JFK, who was on the same New York to Chicago flight, and who is trying to make his way to a currently snowed-in Denver. Having traveled the world doing one odd job after another in his wanderlust, he finally came to the decision to settle down when he turned thirty a few weeks ago, his rough plan to open a restaurant with an old girlfriend. Ralph is able to convince a reluctant Jen to take Morgan in until he can catch a flight to Denver. Behind the scenes, Ralph, believing that Morgan is a better match for Jen than Richard, takes steps to try and keep Morgan in Chicago, the existence of a Morgan which does not sit well with Richard, who does not want to see another bachelor vying for Jen's affections at Christmas dinner, especially with his parents in attendance. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 