 King of Devil's Island (2010)Summaries Norwegian winter, early 20th century. On the boys home Bastoy, a new inmate leads the boys to a violent uprising against a brutal regime. How far is he willing to go to attain freedom? Based on a true story: Norwegian winter, early 20th century. On the island Bastoy, located in the Oslo fjord live a group of delinquent, young boys aged 11 to 18. The boys daily, sadistic regime is run by the guards and the principal who bestow both mental and physical abuse on them. Instead of the boys being straightened out with education they end up being used as cheap, manual labor. The boys attempt to survive by adapting to their inhumane conditions. One day a new boy, Erling (17), arrives with his own agenda; how to escape from the island. How far is he willing to go in order to get his freedom? JRN It's the winter of 1915 at Basty, a boys reformatory on an island of the same name located off the Norwegian coast. The "Governor" as the warden is called, rules the institution by stripping the boys of any personal identity, and issuing physically and emotionally abusive punishments, all in order for conformity. While he uses much of the moneys provided to make his and his wife Astrid's life there more comfortable, his housefathers - the men overseeing each of the dormitories - handle most of the issuance of punishments. Erling and Ivar, two boys newly arrived, could not be more different than each other. While Ivar is somewhat naive and emotionally weak, Erling, who is there because he purportedly killed someone, is rebellious and strong willed. They are both housed in dormitory C, where Brthen is the housefather and Olav the head boy. There has never been a successful escape in the nine years Brthen has been housefather, he who has stayed in the position while many have come to and gone from Basty to promoted positions. Olav, who has been there for six years since he was eleven, will be released in three weeks, largely because he has obediently but quietly done everything asked of him by the Governor. Erling and Olav form an unlikely and somewhat uneasy friendship. Actions by Brthen, which Olav has passively watched without doing anything, and Erling's example lead to Olav perhaps believing that although he will be soon be released, that following the rules may not have been worth it for the good of his immortal soul. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 