 Unpaused (2020)55) An anthology that brings together 5 unique creators of Hindi cinema featuring stories of love, new beginnings, second chances, and a glimmer of hope. Set and filmed in the times of the Covid-19 lockdown. The plot focuses on the fall and ultimate rise of Chadha's character as she comes to terms with her husband's indiscretions with the help of a friendly neighbour. Tannishtha's movie Rat-A-Tat focuses on the unlikely bond two women form during the lockdown. Abhishek Banerjee and Geetika Vidya Ohlyan star in Avinash Arun's Vishaanu which is about a young migrant family's life during the nationwide lockdown. Film #1 - Glitch - In times when people fear human contact, a hypochondriac man meets a delightfully strange girl on a blind date, which turns out to be far more meaningful than he anticipated. Film #2 - Apartment - When the owner of a successful online news magazine learns of her husband's sexual indiscretions, she is left shocked and unable to come to terms with it. Hopeless, she spirals into a dark maze of self-blame and attempts to end her own life. Enter, a ray of hope in the guise of a pesky intruder. Except his intrusions are actually interventions. Through their interactions, she finds the inner strength to face her unpleasant situation and then move on. Film #3 - Rat - A - Tat - Two women. Four decades apart- one who chose to be alone and the other who is alone because of circumstances, confront loneliness and form an unlikely friendship during lock down which brings them hope and a new beginning. Film #4 - Vishaanu - During the lock down, a young migrant family after being thrown out of their rented house, for not being able to pay the rent, decides to illegally sneak into a lavish sample flat - that is in the same building in which they were working as construction. Film #5 - Chaand Mubarak - An affluent middle-aged single woman is forced to seek help of a young rickshaw driver to run some errands during Mumbai's lock down. The woman is stubborn and class conscious and resents the driver's orthodox views on women. As these two strangers from opposite sides of the track spend three days together, they slowly start peeling away their defenses and form an unlikely friendship based on newfound respect and understanding, realizing they aren't so different after all - both lonely in the big city of dreams. Unpaused is a Hindi anthology featuring 5 short films by 5 leading directors. The first film is by Raj and DK where the leading actor plays a hypochondriac man who meets an interesting woman on a blind date during the times of social distancing. The next film is by Nitya Mehra where two opposite personalities played are found assessing each other's personalities. Nikhil Advani's Apartment focuses on Richa Chadha's character as she comes to terms with her husband's indiscretions with the help of a neighbor. Tannishtha Chatterjee's movie is focused on two women who form bond during the lock down. Avinash Vishaanu's film is centered around a young migrant's family in India during the nationwide lock down. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 