 Enthiran (2010)541) A brilliant scientist creates a humanoid robot to protect mankind, but things go awry when human emotions are programmed and inner turmoil causes the robot to switch sides. Dr. Vasi (Rajnikanth) invents a super-powered robot, Chitti, in his own image. The scientific body, AIRD, that must approve the robot, declines it based on its not having emotions and the ability to make rational judgment. A sudden flash of lightning evokes emotions in the robot, and Chitti is seemingly ready for integration into the human world. Then, Chitti falls in love with Dr. Vasi's fiance Sana (Aishwarya Rai) and turns on his creator. Joyojeet Pal Chennai-based Dr. K. Vaseegaran spends day and night in constructing a human-android, and after many trials and errors does succeed in creating one in his own image. His girlfriend, Sana, decides to name him Chitti, and is very impressed by the way he not only rescues her from goons on a train, but also a woman from a fiery building; delivers a baby in the maternal ward of a hospital; and instructs mosquito's to keep away from her. Impressed by these turn of events, Vaseegaran decides to make Chitti more human by letting him feel emotions - this results in the latter not only rebelling but also getting obsessed with Sana and embarrassing the couple on the occasion of their formal engagement. Furious at these turn of events, Vaseegaran terminates Chitti and has it disposed off. But Dr. Bohra, who expects to net millions by such an android, reconstructs Chitti with a different chip - with results that will enable it to assist him to re-produce more such androids - as well as give the now malevolent, virtually indestructible and unstoppable Chitti the freedom to pursue Sana and re-populate Earth with a new species - Robo-Sapiens!! rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Vaseegaran has spent years on making a human Robot staying away from his family and fiance Sana.When he completes the project he gets him home where his mother names him Chitti.Vaseegaran introduces Sana to Chitti and he helps her in many ways.Proffesor Bohra mentor of Vaseegaran is working on similar project but is unsuccessful.During evaluation he fails Chitti claiming it to just be a machine without any feelings.Vaseegaran then starts to work on Chitti in process of developing feelings towards women.After Chitti starts developing feelings towards human he starts to fall in love with Sana.Vaseegaran sees his project failing and destroys Chitti.Bohra takes advantage of this and re creates Chitti but to cause destruction. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Engineer and scientist Dr. Vaseegaran is working to create an android humanoid robot for military usage. After many unsuccessful attempts he and his assistants Ravi and Siva perfect a robot and name him Chitti, as suggested by Vaseegaran's mother. Vaseegaran allows Chitti to interact with people outside the lab and is impressed by the robot's intelligence and genius. However in the process of creating Chitti he has failed to spend time with his medical student girlfriend Sana, who initially gets angry but reconciles. Vaseegaran presents Chitti at a conference, after which Sana is given permission by Vaseegaran to take Chitti home to help her study for her exams. Chitti gains the trust and happiness of Sana's family and helps her cheat on her exams and rescue her from thugs who assault her. Unknown to Vaseegaran, his boss professor Bohra wants to sell robots to a terrorist group to make money and expects to gain inspiration from his best student. For this reason, Bohra intentionally fails Chitti in his evaluation for the army to make sure Vaseegaran doesn't surpass him. In the evaluation, Chitti takes a literal order without thinking about it particularly nearly stabbing Vaseegaran. Vaseegaran spends the many coming weeks teaching Chitti human emotions, but Chitti is struck by lightning erasing the knowledge and leaving Vaseegaran frustrated. But when they argue Vaseegaran realizes that Chitti is demonstrating anger. Chitti later successfully births Sana's sister Latha's baby and Sana kisses him, leading him to feel love. At Sana's birthday party, Chitti attempts to reconcile feelings but he's stopped by Vaseegaran and Sana has to explain that a robot cannot be in a relationship with a human. Chitti is contacted by Bohra that night who tells him that he must quit with Vaseegaran if he wants any chance with Sana. He refuses to listen but fails the evaluation with the army generals the next day, leading to an angered Vaseegaran scrapping him. Chitti rebuilds himself and his damaged form makes way to Bohra, who reprograms him to be corrupt and evil. Chitti abducts Sana from her wedding with Vaseegaran and attempts to force her into relationship. Vaseegaran works with the military and law enforcement after Chitti takes the city using an army of clones after killing Bohra, and the two sides clash. Chitti is later captured by Vaseegaran after destroying his army with a programmed virus and is reprogrammed. Vaseegaran recieves order do dissasemble Chitti, who awaits the world if he's needed again. 