 The Phenomenon (2020)211) This documentary examines unidentified aerial phenomenon. With testimony from high-ranking government officials, and NASA Astronauts, Senator Harry Reid says it "makes the incredible credible." Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Director James Fox's explosive documentary is being hailed as the most credible and revealing film ever made about the long-standing global cover-up and mystery involving unidentified aerial phenomena. Including shocking never-before-seen testimony from high-ranking government and military officials, NASA Astronauts, and riveting footage, the timely film includes bombshell reveals about UAP incursions at nuclear weapon facilities and the monumental events behind the NY Times' recent disclosure of The Pentagon's secret UFO Program. Providing eye-opening evidence that mankind is not alone in the universe, Senator Harry Reid says "The Phenomenon makes the incredible credible." Senator Harry Reid says "The Phenomenon is meritorious. It makes the incredible credible." Former Senior CIA Officer Jim Semivan, calls it "The most important documentary of the year and the most accurate examination of the world's greatest mystery." Dr. Jacques Vallee says "70 years of secrecy has led to this. The most credible documentary ever made about UFOs." Lue Elizondo, Former Director of the Pentagon's Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (ATTIP), says "The Phenomenon sets a new benchmark for disclosure and is the most accurate and informative documentary ever made about UAPs." Narrated by Peter Coyote, the film includes Senator Harry Reid, President Clinton, President Ford, John Podesta, White House Chief of Staff for Clinton and advisor to Obama, Governor Bill Richardson, Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, Christopher Mellon, NASA Astronauts, Governor Fife Symington, George Knapp, and Dr. Jacques Vallee, who was portrayed in Steven Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind. REVIEWS: "The Phenomenon is meritorious. It makes the incredible credible." Former U.S Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (Senator from Nevada, 1987-2017) "The most important documentary of the year and the most accurate examination of the world's greatest mystery." Jim Semivan, Former Senior CIA officer, member of the Senior Intelligence Service "The Phenomenon sets a new benchmark for disclosure and is the most accurate and informative documentary ever made about UAPs. The film will help the Pentagon's new UAP Task Force in it's efforts to inform the U.S government about the reality of this enigma" Lue Elizondo, Former Director of the Pentagon's Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (ATTIP) "The rapidly increasing number and quality of land and space-based sensors is making the UAP issue impossible to avoid. I can't think of a better way for people to begin educating themselves on this long-neglected issue than watching "The Phenomenon." The film provides a badly needed remedy for the unwarranted stigma that for too long has prevented government and academia from taking this important topic seriously." Chris Mellon, Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, U.S Department of Defense "This brilliant documentary provides us an eye-opening panorama of one of the most challenging issues of our day, the UFO enigma. The scope of its powerful coverage of never-before-seen credible interviews and events is absolutely ground-breaking." Hal Puthoff, Ph.D., Co-Founder, To The Stars Academy of Arts & Science "The most compelling film ever made on the subject." Governor Fife Symington "The most credible documentary ever made about UFOs. 70 years of secrecy has led to this." Dr. Jacques Vallee, scientist and UFO researcher, portrayed in Spielberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind "The definitive examination of an enduring global mystery. The most powerful evidence... incredible stories told by credible people. This film will land on an unsuspecting Earth with the force of an alien invasion." George Knapp, Investigative journalist "Masterfully presented, The Phenomenon is a comprehensive overview of UFOs that the public should not miss." John B. Alexander, Ph.D, Retired Senior Army Officer, Los Alamos National Lab "The most important documentary in human history and one that is destined to help change the course of it!" Ernest Cline, #1 NY Times Best Selling author of Ready Player One & Armada "Great Scott! The Phenomenon is extremely credible, revealing, and eye-opening. A must watch!" Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future) "Shocked by how credible, convincing, and grounded it is. New testimony/documents from dozens of high-ranking government officials, military aviators, NASA astronauts, etc. Nothing like typical UFO schlock." Palmer Luckey, Founder of Oculus and Anduril Industries "The evidence in this outstanding documentary is extraordinary and completely credible. It will make a believer out of even the most steadfast skeptic. If it doesn't give you chills, you're probably not human! Highly recommended!" Bob Gale (writer/producer of Back to The Future) "As we question some of the 'intelligence' on our current planet, THE PHENOMENON is eye-opening and hopefully leads to more government transparency about who or what else may be out there." Alyssa Milano "An awesome documentary" Tom Delonge, Co-Founder, To The Stars Academy of Arts & Science "No other UFO documentary is packed with so many government officials going on record that "The Phenomenon" is real. Watch the trailer and get ready for the release Oct 6th!" Ben Hansen, TV host 