 Total Recall (I) (2012)651) A factory worker, Douglas Quaid, begins to suspect that he is a spy after visiting Rekall - a company that provides its clients with implanted fake memories of a life they would like to have led - goes wrong and he finds himself on the run. A remake of the film Total Recall (1990) , author Philip K. Dick's classic Sci-Fi short story We Can Remember It for You Wholesale returns to the big screen starring Colin Farrell, Bryan Cranston, and Kate Beckinsale, and directed by Underworld's Len Wiseman. The planet has been decimated by chemical war in the late 21st century, leaving only two nations -- the United Federation of Britain and the Colony. Douglas Quaid (Farrell) is a factory worker with a stable job and a loving wife (Beckinsale), but upon learning that a company named Rekall could grant him the memory of the ultimate espionage adventure, he decides to take a virtual vacation. But in the midst of having the new memories implanted, something goes haywire. He's branded a spy, the authorities close in, and he quickly flees for his life. Later, Quaid discovers that his life and memories were implanted. He joins forces with rebel soldier Melina (Jessica Biel) on a mission to track down Matthias (Bill Nighy), the head of a resistance movement that's been labeled a terrorist organization by the tyrannical Chancellor Cohaagen (Bryan Cranston). Cohaagen seeks to control the entire free world. The harder Quaid fights to defeat him, the clearer it becomes that his memory had been altered long before he walked into Rekall. To quieten his vivid recurring nightmare about his secret-agent persona and a beautiful unknown woman, the disenchanted assembly-line worker, Douglas Quaid, visits the memory-implant company, Recall Inc. However, instead of purchasing the ideal virtual vacation experience, instead, the procedure backfires, and Douglas finds himself dragged in the middle of a well-planned conspiracy, and on the run from the law. Now, someone wants him dead, and the bullets start flying. But, what is real, and what is a fantasy? Will Douglas ever decipher the meaning of his strange visions and the identity of the dangerous brunette in his dreams? Nick Riganas For a factory worker named Douglas Quaid, even though he's got a beautiful wife who he loves, the mind-trip sounds like the perfect vacation from his frustrating life - real memories of life as a super-spy might be just what he needs. But when the procedure goes horribly wrong, Quaid becomes a hunted man as he finds himself on the run from the police. Sony Pictures Douglas Quaid is a factory worker with a beautiful wife living in a futuristic world where the majority of the earth has been rendered uninhabitable. For Quaid, Rekall (a process by which false memories are implanted into a subjects head) seems like just the "getaway" he needs. Quaid finds himself thrust into the midst of a global conspiracy when the procedure to implant a secret agent mission into his memory goes wrong - or does it? ALystrup Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the end of 19st Century, the Earth is divided into two territories the United Federation of Britain (UFB) and the Colony (formerly Australia) after chemical warfare devastates the remainder of the planet. The UFB has the upper class while a majority of the Colony is a ghetto. Many residents of the Colony travel to the USP to work in their factories via "the Fall", a gravity elevator, which travels through the Earth. Habitable space is at a minimum in both the USP and the Colony. Douglas Quaid ( Colin Farrell ) is a colony factory worker who is stuck in a menial job. He daily makes the trip through the Fall to work long hours in the UFB. Nightly he dreams of being hunted and trying to escape somewhere with a women he's never seen. After being passed over for a promotion (that goes to a less qualified UFB applicant with connections) he decides to visit Recall, a company that implants fake memories that seem real. Recall employee McClane ( John Cho ) convinces Quaid to be implanted with memories of a secret agent. Quaid is tested to avoid having implanted memories conflicting with real memories. Just as the serum is being injected McClane discovers that Quaid has real memories being a spy and tries to stop the procedure. McClane and his co-workers are suddenly gunned down by a SWAT team. While Quaid is being arrested, he instinctively reacts and kills the officers before escaping. Quaid returns home to his wife Lori ( Kate Beckinsale ) and confesses what has transpired. Lori attempts to kill Quaid, revealing that she is not his wife of seven years, but an undercover USB agent who has been monitoring him for the past six weeks. Quaid manages to escape, and Hammond ( Dylan Smith ), a man claiming to be a former associate, contacts Quaid via a cell phone embedded in Quaid's hand, disclosing the location of a nearby safe-deposit box. Quaid cuts the cell phone out of his hand to avoid being traced. In the safe-deposit box, Quaid discovers a money, passports, a piano key and an electronic disguise as well as a recorded message from his former self, directing him to his old apartment in the UFB. On the way, Quaid meets Melina ( Jessica Biel ), the woman from his dreams. At the apartment, Quaid uses the piano key from the box to trigger a second recorded message. The recording reveals that Quaid was formerly Carl Hauser, a highly skilled agent working for Chancellor Vilos Cohaagen ( Bryan Cranston ). After joining the resistance movement, Hauser was captured and implanted with false memories of life as a factory worker. The recording reveals a plot by Cohaagen's administration to use its synthetic police force to invade the Colony to provide more living space for UFB, but that Hauser had seen a code that could stop the robotic forces; it is still in Quaid's memory, and can be recovered with the aid of resistance leader Matthias ( Bill Nighy ). Melina reveals that she was Hauser's lover, but the two were separated when Hauser was captured. Tracked to the apartment by the police, Quaid and Melina find themselves surrounded. Quaid's friend and colleague from the Colony, named Harry ( Bokeem Woodbine ), arrives and tries to convince Quaid that he is in a Rekall-induced dream and that killing Melina is the only way to wake up. Quaid is conflicted, but seeing a tear in Melina's eye, he concludes that he is not dreaming and kills Harry. Quaid flees with Melina to the Resistance headquarters, where Matthias attempts to recover the code from Quaid's mind. Accessing Quaid's memories reveals that the code was a plot to allow Cohaagen to locate Matthias. Cohaagen and his forces arrive, kill Matthias, and capture Quaid and Melina. Cohaagen plans to erase Quaid's personality and restore the memories of his loyal agent Hauser. Quaid is able to escape with the aid of Hammond, who has infiltrated Cohaagen's forces, but Hammond dies in the process. Quaid infiltrates the Fall where Quaid finds Cohaagen's robotic forces in stasis. He plants time-detonation bombs aboard the Fall before rescuing Melina. He and Melina are pursued by Cohaagen's forces and ultimately end up on top of the Fall as it lands in the Colony. Quaid and Melina fight Cohaagen and his forces, and manage to knock out Cohaagen and to escape the Fall when the bombs detonate. The Fall is destroyed, incinerating Cohaagen and the invasion force. Quaid wakes up in an ambulance and is greeted by Melina, but he notices the absence of an old gunshot wound on her hand and realizes it is Lori in disguise. Quaid manages to disarm and kill Lori. Quaid and Melina are reunited and embrace. Hearing the news that the invasion has been stopped, Melina tells him its hard to believe. Quaid sees large Rekall billboard and pauses for a moment. Melina asks him if he is alright, he says he is fine. She giggles and the screen fades to black. 