 Locked Down (I) (2021)Summaries A couple attempts a high-risk, high-stakes jewelry heist at a department store. Paxton and Linda, a couple at the end of their relationship who are only still living together because of lock-down orders in the U.K. The two attempt to navigate their new situations as COVID-19 spreads around the globe; Paxton is furloughed from his job, while Linda is forced to fire employees from her company as they look to cut costs. Through his boss Malcolm, Paxton "using a fake identity" accepts work transporting goods and materials from places that are closing during the lock-down. One of his stops is a department store that's part of Linda's corporation. Dissatisfied with their current state of life, Paxton and Linda design a plan to steal an expensive diamond from the department store so they can become rich. Canon y mus Paxton and Linda are a couple trapped together in their London home due to the SARS-CoV-2 / COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. Paxton is furloughed from his delivery job, which he can't get away from due to his criminal record, and Linda, CEO of the UK division of a multinational media corporation, is forced to make her local staff redundant to cut costs. Making things worse, Linda wants to end things with Paxton, turning their home into a lockdown prison for them both. However, Paxton is given an opportunity by his boss to transport high-value goods over several days from London department stores to secure warehouses as the stores close during lockdown restrictions. To do so, he must use a fake identity so that his criminal past won't jeopardise his boss's lucrative contracts. Meanwhile, Linda finds herself the only person available to extract a $3 million gem that her company has on display in Harrods, one of the most costly, most secure department stores in the world, where Linda worked for several years. And Harrods is the last stop on Paxton's jobs, where their high security will see through his fake ID, with the blame falling on Linda. On a collision course through lockdown stress, opportunity, love, corporate greed, community pot banging, and destiny, Linda and Paxton plan to do something utterly audacious to change their lives and rekindle their relationship, and with the entire country locked down, it might just work. neuro It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 