 The Last Exorcism (2010)541) A troubled evangelical minister agrees to let his last exorcism be filmed by a documentary crew. In Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the evangelical Reverend Cotton Marcus was raised by his father to be a preacher. He agrees that the filmmaker Iris Reisen and the cameraman Daniel Moskowitz make a documentary about his life. Cotton tells that when his wife Shanna Marcus had troubles in the delivery of their son Justin, he prioritized the doctor help to God and since then he questions his faith. Further, he tells that exorcisms are frauds but the results are good for the believers because they believe it is true. When Cotton is summoned by the farmer Louis Sweetzer to perform an exorcism in his daughter Nell, Cotton sees the chance to prove to the documentary crew what he has just told. They head to Ivanwood and they have a hostile reception from Louis's son Caleb. Cotton performs the exorcism in Nell, exposing his tricks to the camera, but sooner they learn that the dysfunctional Sweetzer family has serious problems. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Still questioning his faith in God, the once-pious minister, Reverend Cotton Marcus, no longer believes in what he's preaching. To prove that the purification rituals known as "exorcisms" are nothing more than elaborate hoaxes, Marcus decides to invite a documentary film crew to chronicle the last exorcism of his career. Before long, the urgent plea for help of the desperate farmer, Louis Sweetzer, will provide the perfect opportunity to clear things up, as he claims that malevolent spirits have taken possession of his young daughter, Nell. Of course, the staged routine is successful; however, that very same night, undeniable supernatural happenings start challenging the priest's scepticism. Could it be that a black demon has, indeed, possessed innocent Nell? Nick Riganas Groomed by his father John Marcus starting when he was just a child to follow in his footsteps, Cotton Marcus, a natural performer, is a Baton Rouge based preacher, much of his work, like his father, carrying out exorcisms. Because of the accidental death of a supposedly possessed ten year old at the hands of another exorcist, and his now adolescent son Justin Marcus' brush with death at birth, Cotton admits to himself that he has never really believed in demons and thus possessions - all the exorcisms he asked to perform by like people with like stories, only the names being changed - and may not really believe in God, but had carried out such work, a scam, for his family and in providing a service in demand. As such, he decides to allow a documentary film crew to follow him at his next exorcism to show the process for the scam it is, he just choosing the next in the long list of requests he receives, this one from rural Ivanwood, LA. The supposedly possessed this time is sixteen year old home schooled Nell Sweetzer, the request coming from her devout farmer father, two-year widowed Louis Sweetzer, and apparently, as Cotton will discover, against the wishes of Nell's older brother, Caleb Sweetzer. Louis' devotion to his faith is despite he and his local preacher, Pastor Joseph Manley, having had a falling out over Nell, the Sweetzers who have not attended church now in two years. Cotton will discover that Nell is different than any of the other "possessed" before her that he's seen, and that he, and by association anyone else dealing with this case, including the documentary crew, may be over their heads and in possible danger, that is unless Cotton truly has the faith and the power he purports to his followers. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Reverend Cotton Marcus (Patrick Fabian) lives in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, with his wife (Shanna Forrestall) and son (Justin Shafer). Marcus is accustomed to performing exorcisms on "possessed" individuals, but his faith has waned after reading of an autistic child being killed during an exorcism, reminding him of his own disabled son. He comes to realize that he attributes the healing of his son to science, and not to Jesus Christ. He agrees to take part in a documentary designed to expose exorcism as a fraud, working with a film crew consisting of producer/director Iris Reisen (Iris Bahr) and cameraman Daniel Moskowitz (Adam Grimes). At random, he chooses a plea letter from an individual seeking an exorcism leading him to the farmhouse of Louis Sweetzer (Louis Herthum), a man who claims to have a possessed daughter named Nell (Ashley Bell). Prior to the exorcism, Marcus plants hidden speakers and electronic props so he can bamboozle the family into believing he is driving out a demon. After the ritual, Marcus and his film crew leave believing they have cured her of a mental state that was misdiagnosed as a possession by a powerful demon Abalam. That night, Nell mysteriously appears in Marcus' hotel room. The team tries to contact Louis to get permission to film her, to no avail. Wishing to prove his point, Marcus admits Nell to the hospital for testing, hoping to receive a medical or psychological diagnosis proving demonic possession is not the cause of her illness. The doctor concludes that Nell is in perfect physical condition. In the morning, her father takes her home and chains her in her room for slicing her brother Caleb (Caleb Landry Jones) in the face. While Louis takes Caleb to the hospital, Marcus and the camera crew further investigate Nell and the home. They find Nell and release her. That night there is a disturbance in the house, and Marcus and the crew hear the cries of a baby. They find Nell standing in a hallway. As they try to confront her, she heads into a bathroom, where she is found submerging a baby doll in water. After she comes out of her trance, the crew finds a drawing of a dead and bloodied cat. That night, while Marcus and the crew are asleep, Nell steals their camera and goes into her room, placing the camera on a dresser as she pulls and distorts her face. Nell goes into her father's barn where she corners a cat, beating it to death with the camera. She returns to the house and raises the camera over Marcus's head, ostensibly to beat him to death with it. The rest of the crew stops her, unaware of what transpired. They discover two more paintings of Nell's. The first depicts someone who appears to be Cotton standing before a large flame, holding up a crucifix. The second shows what appears to be the dead bodies of all three visitors to the Sweetzer farm: Cotton being consumed by the flame he was shown battling in the other picture, Iris hacked to pieces with an axe, and Dan decapitated. Louis comes home and listens to an answering machine message from the hospital stating that Nell is pregnant. Marcus thinks Louis might have committed the act of incest, which he denies, insisting that Nell is a virgin and has been defiled by the demon possessing her. Tempers flare as Marcus insists that Nell needs psychotherapy instead of another exorcism. Louis orders the crew to vacate his property. While contemplating whether they should take Nell, noises are heard upstairs. They discover Nell has climbed atop her dresser. As they try calming her she slashes Marcus's hand with a knife and runs outside. The crew decides to leave; as they enter their van they see Nell sitting on her porch. While approaching her, Nell tackles Marcus, attempting to harm him. The struggle leads inside as Louis chases them with a shotgun. Attempting to keep Louis from killing Nell, Marcus agrees to attempt another exorcism. They relocate to the barn where Nell killed the cat. The demon takes Nell again, making her bend backwards and break two of her fingers. She tells the crew that Nell is "in the fire", and that Louis will soon join her. "Nell" asks Marcus to let her give him a 'blowing' job. Marcus informs that this is not the correct term for such thing and therefore believes Nell is not possessed. Upon confronting Nell with this, she breaks down and admits to having sex with a boy named Logan and committing her violent acts out of shame of her pregnancy. On their way home, Marcus and the film crew detour to the coffee shop where Logan works. Logan tells the crew that the only contact he had with Nell was a brief conversation six months ago; he insinuates that he is gay and, therefore, would never have had sex with her. Marcus and the film crew wonder why Nell would lie, and Marcus immediately realises one of the things the devil is known as is "The prince of lies". The film crew follows as he returns to the Sweetzer's farmhouse. They enter the house to find numerous pentagrams and demonic symbols scrawled on the walls, but Nell and her family are missing. Marcus and the film crew wander into the woods where they see a large fire and a congregation of hooded occultists led by Pastor Manley (Tony Bentley), the Sweetzer's estranged Protestant minister. Nell's father is bound and gagged on a pole while hooded figures pray around an altar, which Nell is tied on top of. Marcus and the film crew watch as Nell gives birth to something that is not of the human race. Manley throws it into the fire, which causes the fire to grow rapidly while demonic voices grow louder. At that moment Marcus' faith is resolved as he grabs his cross and rushes towards the fire in a frenzied attempt to combat the evil. Iris and Daniel are discovered and run away. Iris is tackled by a member of the occult congregation who murders her with an axe. When Daniel pauses to catch his breath, Caleb rises out of nowhere and mortally wounds him. The camera falls to the ground and the scene fades to black. 