 Gangster Squad (2013)541) It's 1949 Los Angeles, the city is run by gangsters and a malicious mobster, Mickey Cohen. Determined to end the corruption, John O'Mara assembles a team of cops, ready to take down the ruthless leader and restore peace to the city. It's 1949 Los Angeles, and gangster Mickey Cohen has moved in, with the intention of controlling all criminal activity in the city. He has bought local judges and police, and no one is willing to cross him or testify against him. Everyone except Sergeant John O'Mara, a former World War II soldier, whose goal is to settle with his family in a peaceful Los Angeles. Police Chief William Parker decides to form a special unit whose mission is to take down Cohen, and chooses O'Mara to lead the unit. O'Mara chooses 4 cops and asks another cop and vet, Jerry Wooters to join him but Wooters is not interested. But when he witnesses the murder of a young boy by Cohen's people, he joins them, and they decide to take apart Cohen's organization. Cohen wonders if a rival is going after him, but eventually he realizes it's the cops. rcs0411@yahoo.com 1949 Los Angeles. Boxer turned mobster Mickey Cohen , who had been working in Chicago with some other mobster associates, has moved his operation to Los Angeles. He plans to take control of the city, in the process squeezing out all competition by whatever means, usually by violence. In being able to achieve this, Cohen has many in Los Angeles area authority in his back pocket. LAPD Chief Bill Parker asks Sgt. John O'Mara to assemble and lead an unofficial, off-the-books squad to deal with the Cohen problem. Parker makes this request specifically to O'Mara because of O'Mara's previous handling of some cases associated with Cohen's operations. O'Mara and the squad are not to kill Cohen - which would only lead to someone else taking over - but rather disable all his operations in such a way no other mobster would consider coming in. Although she doesn't much like this assignment, O'Mara's loving and very pregnant wife, Connie, convinces her husband that he needs to recruit others with specialized skills as opposed to clones of himself which was his original thought, her advice all in an effort to make sure he comes home alive as a father at the end of it all. O'Mara will have to control the disparate group he has assembled in working toward their common goal. One issue he will have to deal with is the fact that one of his colleagues, Sgt. Jerry Wooters, who has lost his professional drive, has just embarked on affair with Cohen's girlfriend, Grace Faraday, the two whose lives would be in danger if Cohen ever found out. As O'Mara and his team plow ahead without a clear plan, they may encounter problems in finding out who indeed is in Cohen's back pocket, and as they can't ask for any assistance from anyone outside of the squad as being "unofficial". Nonetheless, they may be able to continue progressing to their end goal as long as Cohen does not know who they are, namely that they are LAPD undercover. If they are ever discovered, it may not only compromise their work, but may place their lives, and that of their loved ones, in mortal danger. Huggo Having earned the respect of the Italian mob in 1949 Los Angeles, the brutally ambitious Brooklyn-born former professional boxer, Mickey Cohen , and his ruthless gang have spread their tentacles throughout the bustling city. Enjoying a preposterous immunity, and the ample protection of the local police and the corrupt politicians, Mickey brags about how he can dine with judges and police chiefs, who holds them in the palm of his hand, leaving the field clear for Cohen to enforce his omnipotence undisturbed. However, not if a small, top-secret LAPD task force can help it. Now, the brave and honest men of Sgt. John O'Mara and Jerry Wooters dice with death to bring down the vicious gangster's thriving criminal empire. Can L.A.'s Gangster Squad stop Mickey Cohen's reign of terror? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. note: work in progress In 1949 post-WWII Los Angeles, gangster Mickey Cohen ( Sean Penn ) has become the most powerful figure in the California criminal underworld, and intends to continue to expand his criminal enterprise across the Western United States, forcing out his rivals in Chicago. The police have not been able to stop Cohen's ruthless rise, as Cohen has eliminated witnesses and bribed both the courts and the police, controlling both illegal and legal sides of L.A. The movie opens as Cohen has a gangster from Chicago killed by shackling him to two cars, which then proceed to rip him in half. He warns the gangster's partner to return to Chicago with news of what he's seen. The next day, Sgt. John O'Mara ( Josh Brolin ) and his partner are at Los Angeles Union Station when they see one of Cohen's thugs, Mitch, approach a young woman and tell her he is holding auditions, and hands her a card to convince her he is legitimate. O'Mara realizes, however, that Mitch intends to rape her. They tail him to a building that is owned by Cohen. O'Mara's partner refuses to enter, forcing O'Mara to go inside by himself. O'Mara enters the building, telling the man that he is meeting someone. He gets on an elevator, accompanied by two thugs. Things go sour, though, when one of them sees his handcuffs and realizes that O'Mara is a cop. A fight breaks out, during which one henchman is killed and another loses his hand. O'Mara finds the room where the girl is being held captive. He bursts in and after a brawl, subdues the three men and rescues the girl. Although the gangsters are arrested, they are set free on a corrupt judge's order, and Cohen subsequently has them killed by locking them up in an elevator and burning down the building. O'Mara is personally selected by Chief Bill Parker ( Nick Nolte ) due to O'Mara's special operations background and training at Camp X during World War II to wage guerrilla warfare on Cohen, dismantling his crime empire and forcing him out of Los Angeles. With the help of his reluctant and pregnant wife, Connie ( Mireille Enos ), O'Mara recruits fellow officers in his squad. Initially he is joined by hard-headed detective Coleman Harris ( Anthony Mackie ), wire-tapper Conway Keeler ( Giovanni Ribisi ), and legendary gangster-killer Max Kennard ( Robert Patrick ). Kennard's partner, Navidad Ramirez ( Michael Pea ), follows the squad and they reluctantly allow him to join. Sgt. Jerry Wooters ( Ryan Gosling ), O'Mara's close friend, turns down the offer, as he is disillusioned from the war and his time on the police force. Wooters has been keeping close to his old friend Jack Whalen ( Sullivan Stapleton ), who is his informant from within Cohen's operations. After meeting for drinks, Wooters becomes infatuated with Cohen's etiquette coach and girlfriend Grace Faraday ( Emma Stone ). Wooters and Grace begin a secret romantic relationship. After Cohen orders a hit on rival Jack Dragna ( Jon Polito ) that results in the death of Pete ( Austin Abrams ), an innocent boy Wooters knew, Wooters becomes motivated to take down Cohen. He saves O'Mara's squad after an unsuccessful hit on one of Cohen's casinos, and later joins them. With organization and better planning the unit strikes several successful blows at the heart of Cohen's criminal organization. The media refer to them as "The Gangster Squad". After wire-tapping Cohen's house, Keeler deduces the central location of Cohen's wire gambling business, the heart of his empire. The squad successfully burns down the business, but Cohen's men inform him that they didn't take any of his money. Cohen believes they are a group of honest cops, and believes someone ratted him out and tapped his house. As his men sweep the house for bugs, Grace runs away, fearing Cohen knows of her relationship with Wooters. The Gangster Squad is lured into a trap in Los Angeles's Chinatown by Cohen's head hitman Wrevock ( Troy Garity ), who was also responsible for Pete's death. Wooters interrupts the ambush just in time to save O'Mara, but Wrevock escapes. Karl Lennox ( Holt McCallany ), Cohen's right-hand man, kills Keeler in the unit's operation. Wooters asks Whalen to get Grace out of town, but Cohen reaches him first, looking for Grace, and kills him. O'Mara's house is later hit by a drive-by, and Connie gives birth to their son under the stress. Chief Parker tells O'Mara that, as a result of their failure, their careers with the LAPD are over. O'Mara gets Connie out of town, but refuses to leave with the job unfinished. Grace tells Wooters she is willing to testify against Cohen for Whalen's murder, prompting O'Mara, along with the remaining members of his unit, to go to the Park Plaza Hotel to arrest Cohen. Cohen and his men engage in a firefight with the police unit, with Wooters being wounded in the process after killing Wrevock. Cohen and Lennox escape, but O'Mara pursues them, which results in their vehicle crashing into a fountain. Kennard gets shot by Lennox, but manages to kill him with help from Navidad, before dying from his wounds. O'Mara prepares to arrest Cohen, but Cohen tempts him into fighting each other in a bare-knuckle boxing match, while a crowd of onlookers and journalists gather. O'Mara finally beats Cohen and has him arrested, ending his reign as a crime boss and the spread of the mafia into the Los Angeles area. The Gangster Squad was never mentioned in taking down Cohen, their surviving members remaining a secret. Cohen is sentenced to 25 to life, and is welcomed violently by Whalen's friends. Grace and Wooters continue their relationship, while Navidad and Harris become partners on the force. O'Mara quits to live a quiet life with his wife and son 