 The Roundup (2010)Summaries A faithful retelling of the 1942 "Vel' d'Hiv Roundup" and the events surrounding it. 1942. Joseph is eleven. And this June morning, he must go to school, a yellow star sewn on his chest. He receives the support of a goods dealer. The mockery of a baker. Between kindness and contempt, Jo, his Jewish friends, their families, learn of life in an occupied Paris, on the Butte Montmartre, where they've taken shelter. At least that's what they think, until that morning on July 16th 1942, when their fragile happiness is toppled over. From the Vlodrome D'Hiver, where 13 000 Jews are crammed, to the camp of Beaune-La-Rolande, from Vichy to the terrace of the Berghof, La Rafle follows the real destinies of the victims and the executioners. Of those who orchestrated it all. Of those who trusted them. Of those who fled. Of those who opposed them. Every character in this film has existed. Every event, even the most extreme, transpired on that summer of 1942. Happy_Evil_Dude As part of the Final Solution to the Jewish Question, on that hideous day of July in 1942, the French collaborators with the aid of the Police assented to initiate the Operation Spring Breeze, to deliberately annihilate the entire Jewish population in France. In what is called the "Rafle du Vel' d'Hiv" or the "Winter Velodrome Roundup", the French Jews and those without a state who once amicably coexisted with the Parisians, were to be arrested, sent to internment camps, and then, transported to concentration/extermination camps. Such was the cruel fate of the 11-year-old Joseph Weismann, one of the 4,000 children and the 13,000 French Jews in total taken in the raids, whose real story intertwined with that of the humanitarian Protestant nurse, Annette Monod, and the weary Dr David Sheinbaum, under the shadow of mass execution. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 