 Action Replayy (2010)Summaries A young man tries to revive his parents' wilting marriage by traveling to the 1970s when their romance was budding and make it bloom: something more complex than he expects. After witnessing nothing but acrimony between his bickering Mumbai-based parents, Kishen and Mala Chopra, Bunty refuses to marry his girlfriend, Tanya Gonsalves. He is then introduced to her eccentric grandfather, Professor Anthony Gonsalves, and finds that the latter has invented a time-travel machine. Bunty travels back in time--specifically Holi 1975--when Mumbai was called Bombay and gets to meet his parents when they were younger--he's shocked to find his father a buck-toothed wimp and his mother a goon-like tomboy. Amidst the terror of Raman Raghav, the impending Emergency of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, banning of multinationals--including Coca Cola--and the charisma of superstar Rajesh Khanna--he sets about to try to set things right between not only his bickering parents but also his feuding grandparents. He will soon find out that his mother has another admirer--who will leave no stone unturned to marry her. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Kishen and Mala have been unhappily married for 35 years. Their only son Bunty doesn't want to commit to his girlfriend Tanya, fearing that he won't do any better at marriage with examples like his parents. Bunty meets Tanya's grandfather Anthony Gonsalves, a scientist who's working on a time machine. Bunty enters the time machine without his permission and travels 35 years back to 1975--where he sees that Kishen and Mala never got on well with each other, which is why they are unhappy in their life even after so many years. As Bunty is now in the past, he enters their lives and decides to make things better for their future. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 