 Hysteria (2011)431) The truth of how Mortimer Granville devised the invention of the first vibrator in the name of medical science. In 1880 pioneering doctor Mortimer Granville,sacked from various hospitals for challenging his superiors' out-moded methods,gets a job with Dr Dalrymple,who relieves female patients' frustrations - or hysteria - with pelvic massages which allow orgasm. The handsome young doctor attracts a large female clientele and gets engaged to Dalrymple's studious younger daughter Emily but after the constant massaging brings on a carpal injury he is sacked. Fortunately an enterprising inventor friend has come up with a power operated feather duster which will soon be transformed into a vibrator and make Mortimer a fortune. Along the way he also realises that his heart really lies with Emily's older sister Charlotte,an outspoken suffragette who runs a home for disadvantaged women in London's East End. don @ minifie-1 In Victorian London, Dr. Mortimer Granville, a young doctor struggles to establish himself. He is hired by a doctor to investigate treatments for women diagnosed with female hysteria using 'pelvic massage'. The doctor's two daughters develop an interest in the young Dr. Granville, each tempting to woo him. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Victorian London, Dr. Mortimer Granville, a young doctor struggles to establish himself. He is hired by Dr. Robert Dalrymple who is renowned for treating women diagnosed with female hysteria using 'pelvic massage'. Hysteria was originally defined as a neurotic condition peculiar to women and thought to be caused by a dysfunction of the uterus. By the 19th century, hysteria came to be defined as a more generalized sexual dysfunction. Mortimer devises various different methods of pelvic massage, undertaking various experiments in his quest. Dr. Granville sets about becoming an expert in the problem, seeking devices to remedy the problem. However, he develops carpal tunnel due to all the manual labor required in stimulation. His invention is the vibrator. Dr. Dalrymple's two daughters develop an interest in the young Dr. Granville, each attempting to woo him. 