 Salmon Fishing in the Yemen (2011)431) A fisheries expert is approached by a consultant to help realize a sheik's vision of bringing the sport of fly-fishing to the desert and embarks on an upstream journey of faith and fish to prove the impossible possible. Visionary Sheikh Muhammed bin Zaida bani Tihama (Amr Waked) believes his passion for the peaceful pastime of salmon fishing can enrich the lives of his people, and he dreams of bringing the sport to the not so fish-friendly desert. Willing to spare no expense, he instructs his representative to turn the dream into reality, an extraordinary feat that will require the involvement of Britain's leading fisheries expert, Dr. Alfred "Fred" Jones (Ewan McGregor), who happens to think the project both absurd and unachievable. That is, until the Prime Minister's overzealous press secretary, Patricia Maxwell (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas) latches on to it as a "good will" story. Now, this unlikely team will put it all on the line and embark on an upstream journey of faith and fish to prove the impossible, possible. Scottish ichthyologist Dr. Alfred "Fred" Jones (Ewan McGregor) gets an inquiry from the financial agent of Yemeni Sheikh Muhammed bin Zaida bani Tihama (Amr Waked), who's started an irrigation project in his homeland and wants to stock a river with salmon. Dr. Jones dismisses the idea, but the Prime Minister needs a feel-good story out of Arabia and his calculating press secretary, Patricia Maxwell (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas) sees possibilities in the salmon. The Sheikh is charming, his financial rep is beautiful and unflappable (and in love with a soldier posted to Afghanistan), and Fred, the scientist, gets hooked on the possibilities while his wife, Mary (Rachael Stirling) is on a six-week project in Geneva. Fred's lack of social subtlety, the soldier's fate, and the Sheikh's adversaries add complications. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A visionary sheik believes his passion for the peaceful pastime of salmon fishing can enrich the lives of his people, and he dreams of bringing the sport to the not so fish-friendly desert. Willing to spare no expense, he instructs his representative to turn the dream into reality, an extraordinary feat that will require the involvement of Britain's leading fisheries expert who happens to think the project both absurd and unachievable. That is, until the Prime Minister's overzealous press secretary latches on to it as a 'good will' story. Fred works to implement the project with Harriet and the sheik. He gradually begins to believe the sheik's quest. Fred begins to fall in love with Harriet, and she must choose between two men. The fish project seems to be a success, but is sabotaged by local militants. However, some fish survive and so Fred continues to fulfill the sheik's vision. 