 The League (I) (20092015)211) An ensemble comedy that follows a group of old friends in a fantasy football league who care deeply about one another -- so deeply that they use every opportunity to make each other's lives miserable. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The beauty of search engine optimization is the simplification in finding exactly what you are looking for with as little as three key words. And, finding The League was exactly that typing sport movies into the search engine and refining the search by adding soccer; I found a show that would stay with me for a while to come. Heres why! I instantly knew this was the type of series that I could draw momentary thinking strategies from, believe to be an extension of my personality and mull over with like-minded folk isnt that the point of TV series anyway?!And, like all new successful shows, this one is semi-scripted, an increasingly addictive style that is soon to become convention. Lets spare a moment of thought for the employment of scriptwriters. So, whats great about a group of friends playing soccer in a grown mens fantasy football league? Its the seamless movement from real life to virtual life, for one; and, the characters themselves, a hallmark of any notable show. It also worked in my favour that my group of friends and I share similar fantasy premier leagues where the struggle to possess the topmost authority of bragging rights is close to being the king of the world. When such power, both in life and in The League, is at stake, its mind games galore stewed with interpersonal politics and brewed to a genius level of function or dysfunction, rendering the perfect cup of comedy. Throw some pure evil intentions and passions to the mix and you have a wonderfully engaging TV series to retreat to at the end of the day, or as soon as you wake up, which is what happens to me 10 out of 12 months. With a slowish by surely not a sluggish start, the pace picks up after the characters are sufficiently and interestingly introduced. Ticking all boxes of unique and stimulating depiction, the series disembarks on a journey of reaching a common goal-the glory of the Shiva Bowl- in myriad ways due to myriad personalities. In my opinion, that is the genius of any series characters for everyone and everyone for characters. Watch the series if you like football and have at some point believed that the ecosystem that exists on the field is comparable to the universe and all its humans at large. Its a thing of beauty this search engine optimization, because with 6 series of binge watching ahead of me, I will have no trouble finding my next addiction. 