 Table 19 (2017)541) Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text, decides to attend the wedding anyway, only to find herself seated with five fellow unwanted guests at the dreaded Table 19. Ex-maid of honor Eloise (Anna Kendrick) - having been relieved of her duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text - decides to hold her head up high and attend her oldest friend's wedding anyway. She finds herself seated at the 'random' table in the back of the ballroom with a disparate group of strangers, most of whom should have known to just send regrets (but not before sending something nice off the registry). As everyone's secrets are revealed, Eloise learns a thing or two from the denizens of Table 19. Friendships - and even a little romance - can happen under the most unlikely circumstances. Fox Searchlight Pictures It is with mixed emotions that Eloise McGarry accepts the invitation to attend the wedding of Francie Millner and Douglas Grotsky, the festivities to take place at an upscale resort on an island on a lake, the island accessible only by ferry. The issue is that Francie is her oldest friend and she was to be Francie's maid of honor up until two months ago when Francie's brother, Teddy Millner, her boyfriend at the time and Doug's best man, unceremoniously dumped her via text message after dating for two years. Teddy's current girlfriend, Nikki, who he dated before Eloise, also replaced Eloise as maid of honor after Eloise already organized most of the wedding. Eloise doesn't want her and Teddy's issues to overshadow Francie and Doug's big day, they, who indirectly through Nikki, don't want her to either in moving her to Table 19 of nineteen at the reception, which Eloise knows is the table not only of the misfits, but those who were not smart enough to realize they really weren't wanted to attend the wedding. The others at Table 19 are: Jo Flanagan, Francie and Teddy's first nanny when they were kids; always bickering married couple Bina and Jerry Kepp, diner owners, acquaintances of Doug's father who owns a chain of diners, the Kepps who weren't even seated with other such acquaintances; high schooler Renzo Eckberg, whose mother encouraged him to attend instead of going to his high school prom as a better prospect to lose his virginity as no one at the reception knows him; and Mr. Millner's socially awkward nephew Walter Thimble, his uncle who never expected him to show up "under the circumstances". Once Eloise is able to convince those that were incredulous as to their status at the reception of being at Table 19, they all slowly begin to open up about their misfit status, which leads to some issues which none of those seated at that table thought they would be discussing with anyone at the wedding let alone total strangers they just met. Foremost, they want to help Eloise find true happiness especially in light of her situation, that happiness which may include finding a mysterious white knight in shining armor at the reception that Eloise only knows as Huck, possibly to replace Teddy in her heart and life. Huggo Eloise McGarry attends the wedding of her oldest friend Francie Millner. It's discovered that she was originally maid of honor but "dropped out" two months ago after her ex boyfriend Teddy, the bride's brother and the best man, broke up with her by text after two years together. Teddy is now back with his old girlfriend Nikki, who has replaced Eloise as maid of honor. At the reception, Eloise discovers she has been seated at Table 19. While she considers leaving early, she meets a man named Huck who notices her looking distressed and offers words of advice which are not well received. Eloise decides to stay and meets her table mates: Jerry and Bina Kepp, Facebook friends with the groom's father who own a chain of diners; high-school-er Renzo Eckberg, whose parents are acquaintances of the groom and who came to the wedding in the hopes of meeting a girl; Jo Flanagan, Francie's childhood nanny; and Walter Thimble, the bride's cousin who is currently on parole.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eloise McGarry attends the wedding of her oldest friend Francie Millner. She was originally maid of honor but "dropped out" two months ago after her (now) ex-boyfriend Teddy, the bride's brother and the best man, broke up with her by text after two years together. Teddy is back with his old girlfriend Nikki, who replaced Eloise as maid of honor. At the reception, Eloise discovers she has been seated at Table 19. As she considers leaving, she meets a man named Huck who notices her looking distressed and offers words of advice which are not well received. Eloise decides to stay and meets her table mates: Jerry and Bina Kepp, who own a chain of diners and are Facebook friends of the groom's father; high-schooler Renzo Eckberg, whose parents are acquaintances of the groom and who came to the wedding in the hopes of meeting a girl; Jo Flanagan, Francie's childhood nanny; and Walter Thimble, the bride's cousin who is currently on parole. They debate whether Table 19 is a "good table," and Eloise reveals that, before getting dumped, she planned half the wedding and knows for a fact that Table 19 is for "guests who should have known not to show up". As the newlyweds come in the reception hall and begin dancing, Eloise starts feeling insecure and accepts a dance from Huck, whom she kisses. When he declines to sit with her, she realizes he is crashing the wedding and that "Huck" isn't his real name. Although the six initially have difficulty finding anything to talk about, they swiftly band together when Jo realizes Eloise is pregnant. They confront Teddy about dumping Eloise after she told him about the baby, and he reveals he dumped her because she said they would be ridiculous parents, and he was tired of disappointing her. Bitter at this development and feeling unappreciated, the Table 19 denizens move to Jo's room to smoke pot and discuss their reasons for attending the wedding. Walter reveals he went to prison for stealing $125,000 from the father of the bride, but only did so because he was conned into taking it by his former friend. Renzo tells the group the wedding is the same night as his junior prom, but his mom encouraged him to come to the wedding instead as he would "probably have a better chance of meeting someone." Jo believes the children she has cared for have now completely forgotten her. Going out for a walk, Jerry offers Renzo some advice about how to pick up girls, while Eloise realizes Jo has cancer. Jo admits that she is probably 'due' the same time Eloise will give birth. Eloise says she thinks she's having a girl and Jo asks that she not name her "Jo" as it's a tough name for a girl. Bina and Jerry fight, and she tells him the reason she came to the wedding was to have an affair with an old flame, who did not show up. They fight about their marriage, and Bina heads back inside with Walter. On Jo's recommendation, the six attempt to find the wedding crasher Eloise encountered earlier, with the aid of the wedding photographer and the hotel reception staff. They learn "Huck" is actually the groom from another wedding. As payback, Walter steals Huck's wedding cake to replace the one they destroyed earlier. Returning to the wedding, Table 19 is visited by the bride and groom, who express genuine happiness that everyone there has attended. Francie and Eloise talk briefly, and Francie apologizes that Eloise was seated so far away from her for the reception, and Eloise decides to leave early. Francie then assures Jo she has not forgotten her, telling a brief but touching childhood story about Teddy, inspiring the table to see him in a new light. The rest of the table tracks down Eloise and encourages her to tell him how she really feels. As the core wedding party leaves the hotel on a ferry, she shouts out an apology to him from the dock, but he's unable to hear. Eloise, Walter, Jo, and Renzo return to the wedding hall for the last of the cake. In their room, the Kepps discuss their fragile marriage and reconcile before joining the others. The mood significantly changes when Teddy suddenly appears, dripping wet from apparently jumping off the boat and swimming to shore, and asks Eloise to repeat what she yelled to him. Eloise asks that they both continue to be willing to forgive each other and they reconcile. Renzo asks the band to play them another song to which everybody dances, including Teddy. A few months later, Jo has died of cancer and the Kepps are now happy and taking care of her dog. Renzo has a new girlfriend, and Walter refers to the other Table 19 guests as his family. Eloise and Teddy are together and have a baby. They mail the birth announcements to their friends and family, including all the guests from Table 19, and the card reveals they named the baby boy Joe. 