 Love Crime (2010)Summaries Ruthless executive Christine brings on young Isabelle as her assistant taking delight in toying with her innocence. But when Christine starts passing on her protege's ideas as her own, things take a dark turn. Ruthless executive Christine Rivire (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas) brings on Isabelle Gurin (Ludivine Sagnier) as her assistant, and she takes delight in toying with the young woman's innocence. But when the protg's ideas become tempting enough for Christine to pass on as her own, she underestimates Isabelle's ambition and cunning - and the ground is set for all-out war. In Paris, Christine Rivire (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas) is a tough executive of a French corporation. Her assistant Isabelle Gurin (Ludivine Sagnier) is an intelligent and cunning young woman needy of love and affection. When Isabelle is assigned to travel to Cairo with lawyer Philippe Deschamps (Patrick Mille) to show her project, her idea is successful and Isabelle and Philippe have one-night stand. Back in France, the headquarters in Washington, D.C. congratulates Christine for the project and she does not give the credit to Isabelle. Soon she notes that the manipulative Christine is using her to climb in the corporation. When her secretary Daniel (Guillaume Marquet) shows another project from Washington, D.C., Isabelle proposes improvements, but does not show them to Christine. They have a meeting with the American executives and Isabelle is congratulated by them. Christine begins a war and humiliates Isabelle first using Philippe, who has embezzled a large amount and is in her hands and then in a party. Isabelle plots a scheme and kills Christine at home. However, the calculating Isabelle leaves a lot of evidence at the crime scene incriminating herself and does not have an alibi. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 