 Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year (2009)431) A story of a fresh graduate trying to find a balance between the maddening demands of the 'professional' way, and the way of his heart. Harpreet Singh Bedi (Ranbir Kapoor) has just graduated and decides to five into the world of sales for an adventurous career. But soon his idea of success begins to clash. It's the story of a fresh graduate trying to find a balance between the maddening demands of the 'professional' way, and the way of his heart - and stumbling upon a crazy way which turned his world upside down and his career right side up. Official source After obtaining just 38.72% from Mumbai University, Harpreet Singh Bedi, who lives with his grandfather, gets employed with AYS Computers as a Salesman. This is where he will find out that honesty is NOT the best policy; will be treated as a 'Joker Sardar'; be shunned and mocked by his superiors and colleagues alike. His overtures to make a name for himself will compel him to partner with four other employees from the firm, namely Girish Reddy, Koena Shaikh, Chhotelal Mishra, and Nitin Rathore, leading to the creation of a fictitious organization - 'Rocket Sales Corporation'. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harpreet Singh Bedi (Ranbir Kapoor) has just graduated, and his marks are, well, lets say a little embarrassing. But marks never stopped him from dreaming of an exciting and adventurous career, and they never will. He takes a deep, positive breath and dives into the world of sales, rumoured to be an ultra cool career for all smart people blocked from entering medical, engineering or business schools by brainless entrance exams. Its everything he dreamt of, with its smooth dressing, smoother talking men and women who can sell ice to an Eskimo, dreams to an insomniac, and a lifetime mobile connection to a dying man. But soon, his idea of success begins clashing with the strange ways of these professionals he looked up to. Rocket Singh - Salesman of the Year is the sometimes thoughtless, sometimes thoughtful story of a fresh graduate trying to find a balance between the maddening demands of the professional way, and the way of his heart and stumbling upon a crazy way which turned his world upside down, and his career right side up. Welcome to the world of sales boss! 