 Bloomington (2010)211) "Bloomington" is a coming-of-age drama about a former child actress attending college in search of independence and who ends up becoming romantically involved with a female professor. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jackie Kirk (Sarah Stouffer), a 19-year-old former child actress begins attending college in Bloomington, Indiana to get away from the public spotlight of Hollywood. During her first week there at orientation, Jackie catches the eye of an infamous, womanizing lesbian teacher, named Catherine Stark (Allison McAtee). Catherine invites Jackie over to her house and before long, both are in bed making love. Catherine and Jackie begin a secret and scandalous affair that draws Jackie away from the college social life. Catherine and Jackie grow closer as they help each other discover more about themselves, when suddenly Jackie gets the chance to return to acting. Catherine becomes uncomfortable with their situation, seeing how it could seemingly never work out, with Jackie having to constantly visit Catherine under the guise of her just being a "friend", as it would be hazardous for both of them for should their romance ever got out. Catherine attempts to distance herself from Jackie by trying to declare they were never in a formal relationship, and that Jackie is not worth it in Catherine's eyes, while Jackie claims Catherine is worth it. The next day Jackie shows up at Catherine's doorstep... beat up after defending Catherine's reputation. Catherine sees paparazzi taking pictures and quickly drags Jackie into the house. While Catherine is taking care of Jackie, she notices Catherine is wearing a dress. When questioned about it, she reveals she is attending a party, Jackie asks if she is going alone, Catherine says no but will not reveal her date, and will not let Jackie replace her date, claiming she would just be attention starved. Jackie offends Catherine by insulting her for not being financed by her own means. Jackie stays on the couch at Catherine's house when Catherine returns from the party, acting passive-aggressive towards Jackie, she brings her date, a male closer to her age, into her room, causing Jackie to leave. Jackie goes to a party and hangs out with college friends. After leaving for L.A. to set up for the release of a new show Jackie's been cast in, Catherine loses her job due to her relationship with Jackie being partially exposed. Months later, Jackie and Catherine are shown sleeping together one last time. Saying their goodbyes as a formal end to their romance, Jackie leaves the next day for her new role back in California. 