 Modern Family (20092020)Summaries Three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. Told from the perspective of an unseen documentary filmmaker, the series offers an honest, often-hilarious perspective of family life. Parents Phil and Claire yearn for an honest, open relationship with their three kids, but a daughter who is trying to grow up too fast, another who is too smart for her own good, and a rambunctious young son make it challenging. Claire's dad Jay and his Latina wife Gloria are raising two sons together, but people sometimes believe Jay to be Gloria's father. Jay's gay son Mitchell and his partner Cameron have adopted a little Asian girl, completing one big -- straight, gay, multicultural, traditional -- happy family. Jwelch5742 Jay Pritchett sits at the head of a large, unconventional family. Now in his second marriage to gorgeous young wife Gloria, Jay has been given something of a second chance. Still, old habits are hard to break, and it's trial by fire as he tries to adapt to life with the same passion and vigor that Gloria exhibits, which are matched by her precocious 12-year-old son Manny. There are culture clashes and a few misunderstandings, but also plenty of sweet victories along the way. Jay's grown daughter Claire and her husband Phil are the proud parents of three kids with whom they want that open, healthy, honest relationship. It's not always easy, especially when you have Haley, a teenage daughter who's growing up a little fast; Alex, a too-smart-for-her-own-good middle daughter; and Luke, a scatterbrained boy. Add to this that Phil is just a big kid himself, even if he does always have the best intentions. Claire is the anchor, trying her best to run a tight ship and determined not to let her kids have the rebellious childhood she had. Claire's brother Mitchell and his partner Cameron are busy raising their adopted daughter Lily. Opposites attract in this household, with Cameron having a wonderfully big personality and maybe a flare for the dramatic, while Mitchell is more buttoned-down. These doting fathers balance each other out and relish their roles as parents developing their own little family. ABC publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 