 Mass Effect 2 (2010 Video Game)321) After being revived from death and having to join a pro-human organization without a choice, Commander Shepard must assemble a team, battle a new threat, and make tough choices in order to save the galaxy from total annihilation once more. Following the conclusion of the first Mass Effect, Shepard and his ship, the Normandy, are dispatched to wipe out any further geth resistance. During the patrol in space, the Normandy is attacked by an unknown ship. Most of the crew escapes the Normandy, but Shepard is killed. Fortunately, Shepard's body is retrieved and is revived by Cerberus, a pro-human organization that is at odds with the Alliance, whom Shepard was a part of. Two years later, Shepard learns from the Illusive Man, the leader of Cerberus, that numerous human colonies are vanishing, but the latter does not know why. After Shepard visits a colony that was recently attacked by these unknown belligerents, he learns that the belligerents are in fact Collectors, the same species that was behind the downing of the Normandy. Attacking the Collectors home world would be suicide. In response to this growing threat posed by the Collectors, Shepard creates a team made up of former squad members from the first Mass Effect was well as of new recruits. However, Shepard also must make the proper preparations necessary to confront the Collectors with the fewest casualties possible. Sam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mass Effect 2 begins weeks after the events of the original game. While patrolling for geth resistance, the SSV Normandy is attacked by an unknown starship. During the evacuation, Shepard tosses Joker into the Normandy's final escape pod before being blasted into space. After a suit breach, Shepard dies of asphyxiation as his/her body is pulled into the orbit of a nearby planet. Shepard's body is recovered shortly after death by Cerberus, who creates the Lazarus Project with the sole purpose of bringing Shepard back to life. After two years, Shepard awakens on an operating table to ringing alarm bells in a research station under attack by its own security mechs. Shepard teams up with Jacob Taylor and medical officer Wilson to reach the escape shuttle. However, Miranda Lawson, who was already waiting at the shuttle bay, shoots Wilson, citing him as the station's betrayer. Shepard is brought to meet with the Illusive Man, who reveals that entire populations of human colonies are disappearing all over the galaxy. Now working for Cerberus, Shepard is sent to investigate a recently-attacked colony where he/she finds clues about the validity that the Reapers are working by proxy through an insect-like species called the Collectors. The Illusive Man explains that Shepard must recruit a team in order to stop the Collectors who reside beyond the Omega-4 Relay, a place where no ship has ever returned. Shepard is also given command of a new starship, the Normandy SR-2, piloted again by Joker and equipped with an onboard AI named EDI. Shepard recruits four new squad membersMordin Solus, Garrus Vakarian, Jack, and Gruntbefore receiving intel from the Illusive Man that another human colony is under attack. With the help of Mordin's studies on Collector biology, Shepard successfully stops the attack, but a large portion of the colony's population was captured.Shepard continues to recruit squad members, adding Tali'Zorah nar Rayya, Thane Krios, and Samara, until the Illusive Man contacts Shepard about a supposedly disabled Collector ship. As Shepard and the squad board the ship, they encounter no Collector resistance and learn that the Collectors were originally Protheans turned into slaves of the Reapers. With EDI's help, Shepard finds out how to bypass the Omega-4 Relay before being ambushed by the Collectors. Although Shepard and the squad manage to escape the Collector ship, relations between Shepard and the Illusive Man are strained due to the Illusive Man's knowledge of the Collector trap. After optionally earning the loyalty of the squad, Shepard visits a derelict Reaper and acquires an IFF transponder necessary for safe travel through the Omega-4 Relay as well as an unconscious geth called Legion. If activated, Legion voluntarily joins the squad. The Normandy later integrates the IFF into her systems while Shepard and the squad leave the ship in a shuttle. During their absence, the Normandy is attacked and boarded by the Collectors. Only Joker avoids capture. After Shepard's squad returns to the Normandy, the team uses the Omega-4 Relay to get to the Collector base. In the Collectors base, the team rescues any surviving members of the Normandy and fight their way to the central chamber. Squad members may survive or perish depending on their loyalty to Shepard, the upgrades made to the Normandy, and the tasks assigned for specific members to perform. In the central chamber, Shepard discovers that the Collectors have been constructing a new Reaper made from the abducted humans, but EDI is unsure of its true purpose. Shepard destroys the machine powering the human Reaper and prepares to destroy the Collector base. However, before doing so, the Illusive Man contacts Shepard and gives the order to sterilize the base with a radiation pulse so that its information can be used against the Reapers. After choosing to destroy or sterilize the base, Shepard destroys the awakened human-reaper larva and, if enough squad members survived, escapes the base before the bomb detonates. If no squad members survive, Shepard will be unable to escape the Collector Base and will die. Back on the Normandy, Shepard speaks with the Illusive Man, who either praises or condemns Shepard's decision. As Shepard meets in the Normandy's cargo bay with the survivors of the mission, Joker gives the Commander schematics of a Reaper. Humanity now has the full attention of the Reapers, who awaken in dark space, and descend upon the galaxy, beginning the events of Mass Effect 3. 