 Rushlights (2013)321) Billy and Sarah, two delinquent teenage lovers from the suburbs of Los Angeles, travel to a small southern town to falsely claim a dead friend's inheritance. "Rushlights" revolves around Billy Brody ( Josh Henderson ) and Sarah ( Haley Webb ), two delinquent young lovers from the suburbs of Los Angeles, traveling to a small Texas town to falsely claim a dead friend's inheritance. The two teens, haunted by their own dubious pasts while pursuing their scam, wind up in a nightmare of greed and betrayal when confronted with the twisted and bizarre underworld of Tremo, TX - population 2870. Rushlights LLC 2013 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Los Angeles, Billy visits Stanley's, a restaurant where Sarah works. After he has gone there enough, times, he asks Sarah out. One night, Billy gets a disturbing phone call and rushes out in his early-70s Malibu to a hotel that looks like it was once nice but is kind of run-down. He knocks on the wrong door and is told by a man with an angry, distinctive voice that Sarah is next door. It appears Sarah is dead on the sofa. Then Billy realizes Sarah is crying elsewhere in the room. She claims a drug dealer did this to her roommate Ellen. Billy gets Sarah to leave and take a bag, but she takes the wrong bag. In a motel, the Sarah discovers she took a bag of Ellen's stuff by mistake. Inside is a letter from attorney Cameron Brogden of the small town of Tremo, Texas, saying Ellen's rich uncle Niles died and left everything to her. Billy says they could be sisters, so she should go to Tremo, pretend to be Ellen, and claim the inheritance. It just so happens Ellen's driver's license is in the bag. When they arrive in Tremo, the couple go to a large older house, and Billy manages to find a key outside and unlock the door. This is, in fact, Niles' house. The couple meet with Cameron and find out the details, although Cameron says there is one problem: the uncle may have a son who wasn't mentioned in the will. They go to where Niles died, and the tractor he was found on is still lying where it was. Cameron and his brother Bob, the sheriff, are shown eating together in a diner. It turns out their father was once the sheriff, and that's how Bob became sheriff. The couple discover a letter the Ellen's uncle asking him to acknowledge the son they had together. Also, the former housekeeper Belle would like to stay and continue working there. The couple aren't sure whether to do that, as they don't intend to stay. A man waits for the right moment to steal an early 70s Ranchero and drives to the uncle's house. Sarah takes a hunting rifle off the wall and just as the man arrives, it accidentally goes off, hitting the man, who leaves the Ranchero. Billy investigates and then hides the Ranchero. Bob and deputy Earl arrive soon after that to investigate the stolen vehicle case. They refer to the vehicle as an El Camino, and Billy has mentioned hiding the El Camino, but it is in fact a Ranchero. Cameron is there and knows the cops need a warrant, so they don't get very far. The investigation into Niles' death has revealed he was in fact strangled. And Bob considers Billy a suspect. The cops dust for fingerprints and the cops insist Billy come to be fingerprinted. The same request is not made of Sarah. An incriminating DVD is left at the house by Jamie, who is also suspected of the uncle's murder. Billy switches the DVD for another one and turns it over to the cops. The DVD suggests Niles might have been gay and would have been less likely to father children. Drug dealer Eddie shows up and demands the money Ellen owes him. He knows about Niles and he takes Sarah to a motel. Sarah never explains her behavior but Billy assumes she is getting high like Ellen did. Sal, who runs a store, hits his son Joey, and Billy is there and hits Sal for mistreating his son. Later, Joey and his friends get revenge on Billy and leave him in a parking lot, where he is found and nursed back to health by Belle. It turns out Belle is the mother of the sheriff and the attorney. When Eddie threatens Sarah a second time, Sarah is seen dragging what appears to be a body out of Eddie's motel wrapped in a bloody sheet and dripping blood. Sarah manages to lift the body into the trunk of the Cadillac she was driving, apparently her uncle's car. Billy visits sleazy lawyer Sly Wheaton, who reveals that shortly before his death, Niles went to him to draw up a document specifically excluding the illegitimate son. Cameron finds evidence Billy has a record and Sarah is not Ellen, but he destroys it. But the couple is not safe yet. The sheriff also finds out, after getting Billy's fingerprints, that Billy has a record. And he has his own evidence Ellen is dead. Now Billy really is a suspect, and there is a warrant. Eddie's body is found in the Cadillac. A comparison of Belle's handwriting and the handwriting of the mother of the illegitimate son reveals Belle is in fact the mother of the son who has a claim to the fortune. Any hope Billy and Sarah might have had of proving Ellen is entitled to the fortune is lost when Sly is killed. Then Cameron comes to the house with a gun and admits he is the son, and he is entitled to the fortune. Bob and Earl show up and before Cameron can use the gun, Earl shoots him. The couple escape to the Mexico border, but Eddie shows up driving the Cadillac. In a flashback it is revealed Eddie knew Billy and tied him up and whipped him as he demanded Billy help him collect Ellen's debt, in exchange for settling a huge debt of his own to Eddie. After a struggle Eddie dies and the couple kiss. 