 Golmaal 3 (2010)44) In Goa, Pritam meets his love Geeta after many years. They decide to get married but the feud between their respective children creates tension in their marriage. After selling fake examination papers to students, Madhav, Laxman and Lucky re-locate to Goa, and not only get into verbal & physical confrontations with Gopal and Laxman, but also ruin their jet-ski and fire-works businesses. Feeling threatened, they inform their bus-driver father, Pritam, who goes to confront Gopal and Laxman, and finds out that their mother, Geeta P. Chopra, is his long-lost love. Gopal's girlfriend, Daboo, overhears their conversation, and gets them dramatically married - just in time as Pritam is heavily in debt and is about to be evicted by goons led by Raghav. Chaos and violent confrontations will become the order when he takes his children to live with Geeta, and the newly married couple may conclude that divorce may be the only solution to end their respective children's disputes. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) In Goa Pritam lives with his sons Mahadav,Laxman and Lucky and Geeta lives with her son Gopal and Laxman. Their sons don't get well with each other and are often business competitors. Pritam and Geeta comes across each other due the tiff between their sons and realize that Preetam is Pappu and Geeta is Guddi and both were lovers during their younger days and got separated due to family pressure they both come to know that they are still unmarried and all their children are orphans Dabbu decides to have marriage for them but will their children get along well with each other. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Golmaal 3 highlights the story of hatred between two bunch of siblings within a family. One of nature's masterpieces, this is a family that eats together, prays together, lives together and a family 'that can't stand each other'. This quirky unique family will certainly deliver you with some rib tickling moments, ageless romance and some heartwarming scenes. A beautiful journey full of madness, love and excitement. A film with the perfect blend of just every emotion that will set in your heart with thrice the fun, thrice the magic, and thrice the laughter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 