 Prowl (2010)44) Amber dreams of escaping her small town existence and persuades her friends to accompany her to find an apartment in the big city. When their transportation breaks down, she and her friends gratefully accept a ride in the back of a semi. But when the driver refuses to stop and they discover the cargo is hundreds of cartons of blood, they panic. Their panic turns to terror when the truck disgorges them into a dark, abandoned warehouse where blood-thirsty creatures learn to hunt human prey, which, the friends realize, is what they now are the human prey fighting to save their lives the realize they must work together but will they survive.. Svetlio Svilenov In Famfield, the teenager Amber feels displaced and dreams on moving to Chicago. When she learns that she is the foster daughter of her mother, she decides to move to the big city. Amber has a short schedule to pay the rent of an apartment in Chicago and she convinces her friends to travel with her to the windy city. However the van breaks down and they hitchhike on the road. The truck driver Bernard offers a ride to the group but they need to travel inside the back of a semi. Bernard does not stop the truck and they realize that they have been kidnapped. When he finally stops and opens the semi, they find that they are inside a dirty warehouse. Sooner they are hunted by fast blood-thirsty creatures and their leader Veronica discloses a secret to Amber. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Amber is a teenage girl feeling out of place, dreaming to move to "The Windy City" - Chicago. She seeks every opportunity to get away. Convinces all her friends to take a road trip, to look at an apartment that's being held off the market for her sake by an acquaintance. But the car breaks down, making her stressed out about the deadline; to be there, with cash, in less than 20 hours, if she doesn't want the apartment given away to another bidder. Amber tries everything, even stopping the driver of a semi-truck by the road and bribes him, to lend them a lift in the back of his trailer. Novu A young girl decides to leave her old life behind and move to the city after discovering that she was adopted. She asks her best friend to accompany her, and the road trip is eventually joined by a bunch of pals. Unfortunately, their car breaks down along the road and they take help from a truck driver. The group gets jittery when they discover hundreds of cartons of blood n the truck driver refuses to stop until he reaches an abandoned meat-packing plant that is infested with blood thirsty creatures. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 