 Jersey Shore (20092012)211) A reality-based look at the vapid lives of several New Jersey 20-somethings and their respective friends and/or hook-ups. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The gang still misses Vinny, who has gone back home to his mother. Nobody really misses The Situation, who has disappeared because everybody ignored his birthday. Later, the not-so-spectacular six get a visit from Danny, who is upset that he is short workers and that those workers he does have are lazy and terrible. He says to "make room" for roommates. She doesn't want anyone coming into the house and "#@%&# things up," Snooki says. The Situation then returns to the house and lets it be known that he is upset that everyone "forgot" his birthday. Snooki lets it be known that nobody "forgot." The next day, Snooki, Deena and Vinny head to work. Snooki is extra motivated because she does not want new roommates. Vinny is shocked to see the extra effort -- or any effort. Snooki and Deena then get temporary tattoos before heading home. Deena calls Vinny to see if he wants to come to Pauly's surprise birthday party. Vinny doesn't commit to anything. The ladies then take off to Karma to plan Pauly's surprise party. They meet a creepy stripper wrangler who assures the women that his employees "aren't shy." Well, thank goodness for that. Back at the house, Ronnie and The Situation head to work ... and they're late, of course. So Danny puts up a "help wanted" sign. A string of young Shoreians come in to apply, infuriating JWoww. She doesn't want a new roommate either. Nor does Ronnie, who vows to make any new roomie feel terribly unwelcome and uncomfortable. Snooki and Deena, in the meantime, head to the store to buy party balloons ... and bunny suits (not Playboy bunnies, but giant Easter bunnies). Weird. Hours later, the gang heads to Karma -- and Pauly and The Situation are SHOCKED to find all their friends waiting. So it's a dual party. Pauly gets a breast-shaped cake and The Situation gets a buttocks-shaped cake. "I feel really nice right now that the girls planned this great birthday," The Situation says. Soon, the strippers show up and handcuff the birthday boys to their chairs. A pair of busty ladies then burst out of two giant cakes and start grinding. "This is the best day of my life," Pauly tells the camera. Sometime later, Pauly meets -- and quickly starts making out with -- a cute brunette. Naturally, he wants to show her his birthday suit. She agrees. The Situation, meanwhile, is making nice with his stripper. After last call, they all head back to the house. Things get weird when Ronnie begins to cry because he misses Vinny. "I don't think he's coming back," Deena opines. A few minutes later, Pauly escorts his new lady friend to a waiting cab after "birthday sex." The next morning, The Situation calls a cab and escorts the stripper outside. He doesn't remember her name. Deena then calls Ronnie's friend Joey and asks him to come to the club with her. He accepts. "I have a date!" Deena squeals. Snooki then puts on her bunny costume and leaps out of the bathroom to scare JWoww. "It's awesome!" gushes Deena. Later, Jionni arrives with fresh flowers for Snooki. Snooki immediately takes Jionni to bed. The rest of the gang heads to Bamboo, where the drinks are flowing. The roommates aren't there for more than two minutes before they notice two women rolling around on the floor. But who are the chicks in this chick fight? It's Sweetheart! Seconds later, bouncers drag Sweetheart out of the club. She tells Ronnie that someone yanked her hair from behind. "I got attacked by, like, a swarm of bitches," Sweetheart says. She is quite proud of herself for emerging relatively unscathed. But the night is effectively over so everybody heads home. Deena gets under the covers with Joey ... but her alarm clock keeps going off. Four times. Poor Deena: she can't catch a break. Or work a clock. The next morning, The Situation says goodbye to Paula, who is slowly wearing down his defenses. "I haven't found one bad thing about her yet!" he exclaims. Pauly then declares that everybody is going to Staten Island to get Vinny. "I want him to feel welcome so we're all going to make shirts with Vinny sayings on them," Pauly explains. So they head to the t-shirt store and make shirts reading: "Vinning all day" and "Free Vinny." These are Vinny sayings? Anyway, the roomies pile into the SUV and head to Vinny's abode. They barge into the house, run upstairs and find Vinny waiting. Vinny appears to be very happy to see his friends and their shirts. He then shows off his new tattoo: "Let go, let God" right across his chest. "I have no idea what it means," Ronnie tells the camera. "But it looks cool." And that's really all that matters, right? So after a week of recovering from anxiety, Vinny follows his roommates to the car. Bye, Vinny's mom, who begins to cry watching his son leave. "I'm going to get laid tonight!" Vinny exclaims as the car pulls away from his home. 