 Misfits (20092013)44) A group of young offenders doing community service get struck by lightning during a storm, and begin to develop superpowers. Nathan, Kelly, Simon, Alisha and Curtis were expecting their community service to be boring. However after a freak thunderstorm they discover that it is anything but dull. Bestowed with strange powers, the five very different teens realize they have a lot more to worry about than just picking up litter, especially as they discover that they are not the only ones who have been given strange powers. Secrets will be revealed, feelings brought to the surface and relationships formed and broken. But hey, its only 12 weeks of community service; what's the worst that could happen? LadyN1 Five juvenile offenders with nothing in common find themselves working together on a community service project, and their differing personalities soon cause sparks to fly. But that's nothing compared to what happens when a freak electrical storm hits town. Shortly thereafter, they find that they are developing superpowers. Paranoid Kelly can now hear the thoughts of others, while Simon, who has always been overlooked, can suddenly make himself invisible. Curtis can turn back time, while Alisha finds that anyone who touches her will lust after her. Nathan, to his chagrin, seems to have suffered no aftereffects of the storm. Now, on top of dealing with the realities of teenage life and finishing their service project, they must figure out how to handle their new abilities and find out just what, if anything, they are expected to do with them. Ernest Mc Kay A storm gives Nathan, Kelly, Curtis, Alisha, Simon and Gary, who had been sentenced to community service, superpowers in the British series that makes its television debut (it was availiable on Hulu beginning in June 2011) in the United States on the Logo channel. The series was recently renewed for a fourth season in the UK. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 