 The Walking Dead (20102022)761) Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes wakes up from a coma to learn the world is in ruins and must lead a group of survivors to stay alive. Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes gets shot and falls into a coma. When awoken he finds himself in a Zombie Apocalypse. Not knowing what to do he sets out to find his family, after he's done that, he gets connected to a group to become the leader. He takes charge and tries to help this group of people survive, find a place to live and get them food. This show is all about survival, the risks and the things you'll have to do to survive. jzirkle1 Sheriff Deputy Rick Grimes gets shot in combat and awakens to a zombie apocalypse. He meets a group on the outskirts of Atlanta and, soon, becomes their leader. The walkers (what they call zombies) feed on the living, so they try to move to different and safer locations to survive. Rick Grimes was the sheriff at King County police office, until one day he and his partner Shane Walsh get a call about two men in a car with guns, during that call Rick gets shot and goes into a coma, he wakes up to a world where the dead come back to life. Sherrif Deputy Rick Grimes has been shot. He falls into a coma and wakes up in a hospital, only to find that it is in ruins. He finds a group of survivors and adapts himself to the only survivors left in the city, then little did he know he soon becomes known as the leader. Sherrif Deputy Rick Grimes has to get the small group he attached himself to to safety, food and water. The only thing that stops them is the Walkers, also known as Zombies. The Walking Dead tells the story of the months and years that follow after a zombie apocalypse. It follows a group of survivors, led by former police officer Rick Grimes, who travel in search of a safe and secure home. As the world overrun by the dead takes its toll on the survivors, their interpersonal conflicts present a greater danger to their continuing survival than the walkers that roam the country. Over time, the characters are changed by the constant exposure to death and some grow willing to do anything to survive. Based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Walking Dead, based on the comic book series written by Robert Kirkman and published by Image Comics, tells the story of the months and years that follow after a zombie apocalypse. It follows a group of survivors, led by police officer Rick Grimes, who travel in search of a safe and secure home. The comic goes on to explore the challenges of life in a world overrun by zombies who take a toll on the survivors, and sometimes the interpersonal conflicts present a greater danger to their continuing survival than the zombies that roam the country. Over time, the characters are changed by the constant exposure to death and some grow willing to do anything to survive. - Official AMC Publicity Description 