 Episodes (20112017)Summaries A couple of British TV producers move to Hollywood to export their most popular series, and find it is not what they expected. British writer-producers Beverly and Sean Lincoln ( Tamsin Greig and Stephen Mangan ), have a wonderful marriage and a hit TV series to their credit. Things couldn't be better. Until Merc Lapidus ( John Pankow ), a Hollywood network executive, gushes over their series at a gala. Merc is certain that a remake of the show will go over well with an American audience. After making the Lincolns a lucrative offer, they pack up and ship out to the States. It doesn't take long for them to figure out that Hollywood is a place where deals are made and broken in the same breath. They soon find themselves holding on tight as creative control of their show starts to slip away from their hands. Merc ultimately dismisses the original star, an elder, distinguished, gentleman, for Friends (1994) actor Matt LeBlanc , a charming, yet manipulative beast, with a grocery list of demands. Hollywood is not what the Lincolns had in mind, but Sean believes he can swim with the sharks. As for Beverly, she'd rather go back to the UK than deal with these Episodes. Jordan Ray Allen An English couple, Sean and Beverly Lincoln, are the creators/producers of a long- running, highly acclaimed and very popular TV show on UK TV, "Lyman's Boys". After receiving yet another award for the show they are approached by a US TV executive. He wants to take them to the US and make a US version of the show. After much haggling and assurances that the show will remain largely unchanged they agree. Once in the US they discover that the proposed show is quite different to the UK version. Their greatest dismay, however, is reserved for the fact that their venerable lead actor is to be replaced by Friends star Matt Le Blanc. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 