 Beautiful Creatures (2013)761) Ethan Wate longs to escape his small southern town. He meets a mysterious new girl, Lena Duchannes. Together, they uncover dark secrets about their respective families, their history, and their town. Teenager Ethan Wate (Alden Ehrenreich) is obsessed with his urge to finish high school and go on to college in order to leave the small town of Gatlin, South Carolina behind, until a mysterious girl begins to inhabit his dreams. When he meets Lena Duchannes (Alice Englert), a newcomer who has just enrolled in his school, Ethan knows she is the girl in his dreams. Lena is rejected by the rest of her classmates for being the niece of Macon Ravenwood (Jeremy Irons), whom the town's superstitious residents consider to be a devil-worshiper. But Ethan gives her a ride anyway and they fall in love. Lena reveals to her new boyfriend that she is a witch, and that on her sixteenth birthday she will be claimed by either the forces of light or of darkness. She will remain in the light, but only if she does not remain in love with Ethan. To make matters worse, her evil mother, Sarafine (Dame Emma Thompson), is casting spells to push Lena to the dark side. Ethan joins her in a search to find a magic spell to save their doomed love. Will the lovers succeed? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil This epic romantic fantasy tells the story of Ethan Wate (Alden Ehrenreich), a young man who falls for Lena Duchannes (Alice Englert), a new girl in his small town, only to discover she comes from a mysterious family, all of whom possess supernatural powers. Together, they team up to break a curse. Lena Duchannes (Alice Englert) has just moved to the small, southern town of Gatlin, where the only person who seems to understand her - or dream of bigger places or ideas - is a cute guy named Ethan Wate (Alden Ehrenreich), who recognizes her instantly from the cryptic dreams he's been having every night. Lena is an orphan, and she's come to stay with her mysterious uncle, Macon Ravenwood (Jeremy Irons), the patriarch of her powerful family. Powerful, because The Ravenwood clan are Casters, born with powers that ordinary mortals don't have, like the ability to move objects, control the elements, and even step out of normal space and time to communicate only with each other. But just as Lena feels ready to open up to Ethan, she discovers that their love is in imminent danger, because when female Casters turn sixteen, their destiny as either good or evil is revealed. Unwilling to let her nature be dictated by forces outside of her control, Lena and Ethan set out together to uncover the strange, secret lore of their families' intertwined histories dating back to the Civil War, and figure out how to grant Lena the power to choose her own destiny. Ethan Wate was born, raised and still lives in what he considers the backwater of Gatlin, South Carolina, where residents, as his mother, writer Lila Evans, used to say are too stupid to leave or too stuck to move. It is located next to an old Civil War battle site, Honey Hill, an annual reenactment of the battle which is organized by the Civil War Society at Christmas. He does expect to leave when he goes to college, those to which he is applying being as far away from Gatlin as possible. He is still mourning Lila's recent death in a car accident in the spring, Amma, a family friend and the town public librarian, acting as his caregiver in a promise to Lila. Many of who are considered the leading families of the town hide behind the church for their narrow-minded views, those families including that of Emily Asher, who Ethan dated up until the end of the last school year. They started growing apart as one of the things Ethan has started doing is reading books banned by the local church. In what is the start of his junior year, he has a new classmate in Lena Duchannes, shunned by Emily and her like in Lena being the niece of reclusive Macon Ravenwood, who the Christian fundamentalists in town believe is a Satanist. That feeling is despite the Ravenwoods having founded Gatlin. Ethan, however, is drawn to Lena, he believing she the girl in the recurring dream he has been having, they which started even before he and Lena met. Some close to Ethan know the secrets of the Ravenwoods, and that Ethan and Lena's meeting was destined as shown by his dreams. As Ethan begins to learn those secrets first hand in trying to get to know and falling for Lena, he may be tied to Lena's fate, for good or bad, the big day being Lena's sixteenth birthday on December 21st. Regardless of that fate, what happens with Lena and by association Ethan, which includes not only his ability to get out of Gatlin as he wants but his life or death, is affected by the arrival of two Ravenwoods that were explicitly not invited, namely Ridley Duchannes, one of Lena's cousins who recently went through the same thing on her sixteenth birthday, and Macon's sister Sarafine. Huggo Unlike his hillbilly classmates in South Carolinian backwater Gatlin, where reenacting the undecided Secession War battle of Honey Hill is the annual highlight, bright Ethan Wate has an open mind and aspires becoming an author like his mother Lila Evans. He soon befriends fellow cultivate nerd Lena Duchannes, who lives in the grand mansion. When she take shim there to meet her guardian Macon Ravenwood, despised by the Bible Belt community, Ethan gets acquainted with her bewildering sorcery dynasty heritage, but isn't daunted, even as more witch kin -Lena's cousin Ridely and Macon's sister Sarafine- arrive, bound to stir more trouble for everyone. Macon teams up with Ethan's medium nurse Amma, instrumental into introducing Lena to her destiny reaching age sixteen, which may turn white or black magic beyond her control, except if Ethan's love primes. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Gatlin, South Carolina, Ethan Wate awakens from a recurring dream of a girl he does not know. In voice-over narration, he describes his enjoyment of reading banned books, his despair of his small-town existence, and his dreams of leaving for college. Arriving for his first day of junior year, Ethan notices newcomer Lena Duchannes, who resembles the girl he has been dreaming about. The other students do not take kindly to her and spread gossip regarding Lena's reclusive uncle, Macon Ravenwood, and suggest that her family includes devil worshippers. Overhearing these whispers, Lena tenses and the classroom windows shatter, amplifying the fears and suspicions of the class and the townspeople at large that she is a witch. On a drive home, Ethan nearly runs over Lena, whose car has broken down. He gives her a ride home and the two bond over their shared love of poetry and having both lost their mothers. Ethan drops Lena off but later finds a locket and returns to the mansion to give it to her as a present. The touch of a locket triggers a shared flashback to the American Civil War, after which Ethan awakens at his home. Macon disapproves of their growing romance and conspires with Ethan's family friend, Amma, to keep the two separated. However, Ethan continues to pursue Lena until she confesses that she and her family are "casters," who are capable of performing a variety of magical spells such as changing the weather and casting illusions. On her 16th birthday, Lena's true nature will steer her towards either the light or the dark; Lena fears the latter, as it entails being consumed by evil and hurting those she loves. Ethan insists she is responsible for her own choices and reassures her that she is a good person. Matters are complicated by the arrival of two immensely powerful dark casters who aim to push Lena to the dark: Ridley, Lena's provocative cousin/childhood friend, and Sarafine, Lena's mother, who has possessed Mrs. Lincoln, the mother of Ethan's friend Link. Sarafine foresees that Lena will become an even more powerful caster and intends for Lena to use her newfound power to purge the Earth of humans, leaving Casters to rule in their wake. Lena and Ethan use the locket to re-experience the whole flashback, which reveals their ancestors, caster Genevieve Duchannes and mortal Confederate soldier Ethan Carter Wate were in love. Ethan Carter was shot in battle and Genevieve revived him using a forbidden spell that caused her to go dark and curse all the Duchannes family's women. They consult with Amma, who is in a seer/keeper of a caster library beneath the town library. The most ancient of these books, the Book of Moons, reveals the secret to undoing the curse: one of Lena's loved ones has to die. Unwilling to take Ethan's life, Lena instead erases his memories of their time together. Ridley seduces Link and gives him a bullet to use in an upcoming Civil War reenactment of the Battle of Honey Hill which will take place on Lena's birthday. During the reenactment, Link and Ethan agree to "kill" each-other so they can ditch the reenactment. While at the ceremony for her 16th birthday, Lena feels the shock of the curse being broken and runs off to Ethan, clutching his dying body as Ridley and Sarafine encourage her to surrender to grief and accept the dark. Lena lashes out in anger, sending lightning strikes through the crowd of reenactors until Ethan transforms into Macon, who had previously disguised himself as Ethan to become the needed sacrifice. His dying words encourage Lena to "claim yourself"; she then causes the moon to disappear so it cannot claim her for the dark. Lena allows Ridley to flee and pulls Sarafine from Mrs. Lincoln's body, using her power to seal Sarafine's spirit away. Months later, a still-amnesiac Ethan stops by the library to visit Amma before leaving for a college campus tour with Link. He apologizes to Lena for not having got to know her during their time in Gatlin. Lena is then seen in the caster library, where it is revealed that she has claimed herself as a half dark/light caster. Meanwhile, just after Link drives past the town line, Ethan recalls their memories together. He gets out of the car to call Lena's name. Lena hears and the movie ends. 