 The Space Between (I) (2010)55) A cynical, alcoholic flight attendant and a Pakistani-American child prodigy find themselves both thrown together in the aftermath of the World Trade Center Attacks. Montine McLeod, a world-weary flight attendant, and Omar Hassan, a prematurely wise 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy connect with one another amidst the chaos of September 11, 2001. When Montine discovers the boy's direct personal link to the terrorist attacks, she instinctively embarks on an unsanctioned cross-country road trip to help Omar discover his uncertain future. Anonymous Montine McLeod ( Melissa Leo ) is a gruff, alcoholic, world-weary flight attendant. Omar Hassan ( Anthony Keyvan ) is a prematurely wise, 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy, traveling alone. The two randomly connect amidst the resulting chaos of that 2001 day, stranded by a forced landing in Houston and unable to return home to New York City. Montine intuitively embarks on an unsanctioned cross-country road trip in an effort to help the young Muslim, now unable to reach his father who works in the Tower s top-floor restaurant - and in the process, discovers her own path to redemption. Capturing the raw emotion that gripped the world following 9/11, The Space Between powerfully defines the experience first-hand through the eyes of an unlikely duo, two strangers brought together by tragedy and fate. Academy Award Winner Melissa Leo stars in this compelling story as Montine - a world weary, alcoholic flight attendant who is given charge of a young Muslim boy, Omar, travelling alone. On the fateful day, their plane, bound for New York, is diverted. Unaware of the chaos and devastation that has occurred, Montine is left with no choice but to head to the city to return the child to his father, who works in the Tower's top floor restaurant. As the news unfolds, they soon realize that the journey would become a road of discovery. For her, tolerance and understanding, for Omar, a need to trust an outsider. The Space Between is a compelling and emotional story of heartbreak, courage and redemption in the hours and days following the 9/11 attacks. Lonely flight attendant Montine McLeod and Omar Hassan, a 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy traveling alone, are on a plane that is grounded in Longview, Texas on the morning of 9/11/01. When Montine learns the boy's father works in the World Trade Center, she decides to drive the boy home to his uncertain future in New York City. As they journey across America's vast heartland in the hours and days immediately following the terrorist attacks, Montine and Omar help each other discover the importance of tolerance, redemption and hope. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 