 Swinging with the Finkels (2011)Summaries A suburban couple decide to shake up their marriage by "swinging" with another couple. Married London couple Ellie and Alvin have seen the lust fade from their marriage several years after their wedding. They act more like friends than husband and wife. They have little in common; she is a clothing designer, eager to conquer the fashion world and make a name for herself, while he seems content with being with his friends and maintaining a low profile in his office. She is also willing to try new things in their sex life, including bringing in new partners, while he is comfortable with keeping their physical relationship low-key. After their friend Peter admits that he cheated on his wife Janet, they are determined to spice up their marriage and re-ignite the sparks they once felt towards each other. After debating what they can do to save their marriage, Ellie suggests that they "swing," and have consensual affairs. They find the ideal couple, Richard and Clementine, who have similar interests and the same marital problems as them. After their night with them, they debate whether or not swinging actually helped revive their relationship. wegotthiscovered In London, Ellie and Alvin have been married nine years and are bored. Things could be worse, though. Their friends Peter and Janet have two kids and their sex life is nearly non-existent. His sex life is another matter, but that's another issue to deal with later. Co-workers of both Ellie and Alvin make suggestions about what to do to spice up the marriage. Ellie seems to be a fashion designer (very nice logo) and Alvin works with blueprints (probably an architect). One idea is swapping with another couple, which leads to some laughs. Ellie puts an ad on a web site. We meet some of the more colorful couples who are being considered. One couple is selected, and things go pretty well at first. Once a couple is selected, the process all seems perfectly innocent and not dirty at all. But ultimately the plan is not successful, and the rest of the movie is about whether Ellie and Alvin will even stay together, as well as the breakup of Peter and Janet's marriage over his cheating. By the end of the movie, there is hope for at least one and possibly both of the couples. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 