 Repeaters (2010)541) Three twenty-somethings find themselves in an impossible time loop, where each day they awaken to the same terrifying day as the preceding one. In Mission City, Kyle Halsted, Sonia Logan and Michael "Mike" Weeks are interned in a rehabilitation facility run by Bob Simpson. One Wednesday, they have a pass to go outside the site and Kyle visits his sister Charlotte Halsted (Alexia Fast) at the Mission Secondary School but she does not talk to him. Sonia goes to the hospital where her father is terminal, but she does not visit him. Mike visits his father at the Maximum Security Correctional Facility where he is prisoner and the man does not talk to mike. During the night, there is a storm and Kyle, Sonia and Mike have electrical shocks and on the next morning, they awaken on the same day. When they realize that the Wednesday is repeating over and over again, their first reaction is to have fun with dangerous situations. Soon Kyle and Sonia disclose secrets and they decide to use the days to resolve personal issues mending their lives. But Mike decides to route through a criminal life believing that on the next morning, everything would be over. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Three young drug addicts find themselves stuck in a time loop living the same day several times and decide to have fun with dangerous situations, believing that on the next morning, everything would be over. But it may be too late until they discover the true meaning of the phenomenon: use the days to resolve personal issues, fixing their lives. MadMovieManiac Kyle Halsted, Sonia Logan and Michael Weeks have become friends in serving their mandatory time together in a drug rehabilitation detention facility. On day ninety-two of their detention, they receive their first day pass - which they will receive every day this week - they in the outside world supposed to attempt to make amends to the people who have been most impacted by their drug use. This day, Kyle chooses to make amends to his younger sister, high school student Charlotte Halsted, Sonia her ailing father, Ed Logan, who is currently in hospital, and Michael his father, who is behind bars serving a ten year sentence. The day doesn't go well for any of the three, with Ed passing away later in the day without Sonia even having talked to him. They have a chance to do it all over again when they awaken the next morning and eventually learn that they and they alone are reliving that day ninety-two all over again with the full knowledge of what happened to them the first go 'round. Day after day, day ninety-two happens yet again and again and again to them, with the possibility that it may be forever their fates. This situation has the potential to tear their friendship apart as some want to figure out why this repeated day is happening to them and thus want to make the day "right", while others see no consequence in their actions and thus want to do whatever they want. They will, however, discover that their actions do have consequences, at least among the three of them. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kyle Halsted, Sonia Logan, and Michael Weeks are all in a drug rehabilitation center. Bob Simpson, the director, is asking them to apologize to the loved ones they have hurt because of their addiction. When Kyle tries to apologize to his little sister Charlotte, she angrily pushes him away, and the school principal makes him leave without discussion. Sonia goes to see her dying father in the hospital, but cannot bring herself to face him. Michael visits his father in prison, but the conversation turns sour when his father ends up insulting him. When Bob encourages them to talk about their day during a therapy session, they refuse, and Michael leaves in a rage. Later, while discussing the uselessness of Bob's therapy, Sonia learns that her father has just died. While the trio is trying to deal with their emotional suffering, a storm approaches, and each of them is electrocuted and unconscious. When they wake up the next morning, the events of the previous day are repeated. Kyle, Sonia and Michael experience the day with difficulty and repeat the same actions in a second state. When they talk about their situation, Michael is intrigued by the inconsequential possibilities for action, but Kyle convinces them to intervene to prevent a sad event he heard about on the news. They make their way to the dam, but arrive too late to prevent the person from jumping into the void. Michael suggests that they take advantage of the situation, and they commit several crimes that lead them to jail. Finally, as the days repeat endlessly, they embark on an escalation of drugs and criminal insanity that ends with the violent kidnapping of a drug dealer, Charlotte's supplier. Back at the dam, Michael risks his life recklessly by stepping on the railing and challenges Sonia to do the same. When she slips, Michael simply laughs, refusing to help Kyle save her. Sonia kills herself by falling into the void, yet she wakes up the next morning with a sigh. Sonia pretends she has no memory of the day before her death, and the trio becomes excited about their apparent immortality. The next day, when Kyle and Sonia had just rescued the person who wanted to jump off the dam, they discover that Michael has raped one of Charlotte's friends. When Kyle and Sonia confront Michal with a fait accompli, he accuses them of hypocrisy, explaining that his actions are excusable, since everything is erased the next day. As the days go by, Michael's behavior becomes more violent and antisocial. Shaken by his behavior, Kyle ambushes him and ties him to a chair. Kyle and Sonia fall in love with each other and work to make amends, but Michael mocks Kyle, claiming that the sexual abuse Sonia suffered as a child is nothing more than a harmless act. However, as Kyle and Sonia manage to make peace with their past, the time loop suddenly stops, but Michael only realizes this in the midst of a violent carnage that ends with the senseless murder of two people. Panicked, Michael takes Charlotte hostage and ends up committing suicide after Kyle tries to reason with him. In the final scene, Michael wakes up again, caught in his own time loop. 