 127 Hours (2010)651) A mountain climber becomes trapped under a boulder while canyoneering alone near Moab, Utah and resorts to desperate measures in order to survive. 127 Hours is the true story of mountain climber Aron Ralston's remarkable adventure to save himself after a fallen boulder crashes on his arm and traps him in an isolated canyon in Utah. Over the next five days Ralston examines his life and survives the elements to finally discover he has the courage and the wherewithal to extricate himself by any means necessary, scale a 65 foot wall and hike over eight miles before he can be rescued. Throughout his journey, Ralston recalls friends, lovers, family, and the two hikers he met before his accident. Will they be the last two people he ever had the chance to meet? Fox Searchlight Pictures Outdoor adventurist Aron Ralston believes he's invincible and can do it all alone while on his outdoor adventures. He considers the great outdoors his second home. On Saturday, April 26, 2003, Aron has gone for an adventure trek alone through the generally secluded Blue John Canyon, and like he has done on many of his other treks, he has not told anyone where he is going. But on this day, he and a small boulder fall down a crevice, he landing near the bottom of the crevice virtually unharmed, but with his right hand wedged between the boulder and the crevice wall. He has access to his gear and his small supply of rations as he tries to move the boulder or chip away at it so that he can get his wedged hand free. As either task seems impossible, he hopes for someone to rescue him. Those most likely candidates are Kristi and Megan, two women he met earlier that day who are the only two who know that he is in the canyon, or his boss Brion, who may list him as missing if he doesn't show up for his scheduled work time on Tuesday (three days away). As time goes on and he deals not only with the boulder and lack of rations but also with the extreme weather conditions, he begins to think about his mortality, his mind often going toward his loving but somewhat distant relationship with his family, or his last broken love with a woman named Rana. As he films himself (as a goodbye message to his family) often with his mind wandering, he, during his more lucid moments, also thinks about the possibility of trying to sever his arm as he will lose it anyway if he survives this ordeal. Huggo On April 2003, the engineer, climber and canyoneer Aron Ralston travels to Blue John Canyon without telling anyone to spend the weekend doing what he likes to do: climb the isolated canyon. He meets the teenagers Kristi and Megan that are lost and they spend a couple of hours together bathing in a lake in a cave. He says goodbye to them and while descending a canyon crack, a chockstone comes loose rolling onto his arm. Aron realizes that he is stuck and he tries to find a way to release the stone. Along five days short of water and without food, Aron becomes delusional and recalls his family and friends. After the fifth day, he decides to sever his forearm to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil On Friday night 25, April 2003, the engineer goes to the Blue John Canyon, Utah. And on Saturday morning explores the canyon on his bike. He considered the outdoors to be his second home. He over there meets two teenagers - Kristi and Megan who are lost. He helps them and they all have fun for a few hours in a lake. Then Aron continues alone. That day at the peak afternoon he and a boulder fall down in a canyon and his hand is wedged between the boulder and the canyon wall. He makes many tries to pull out his wedged hand and to move the boulder but is unsuccessful every time. He tries to call out for help many times. He spends 127 hours (more than 5 days) with his limited rations. He also tries to chip of the boulder so that he can free his hand but is again unsuccessful. He hopes for someone to rescue him. Those most likely candidates are Kristi and Megan, two women he met earlier that day who are the only two who know that he is in the canyon, or his boss Brion, who may list him as missing if he doesn't show up for his scheduled work time on Tuesday (three days away). He goes through many difficulties and deals with the extreme weather conditions. He spends his time trying to get his hand free and by making a goodbye message for his parents, especially his mom. at first he had lost all his hopes and had even engraved ARON RALSTON R.I.P 1975-2003 but in the end, left with no option, Aron gathers the courage to take extreme measures in order to survive. Ishaan Ohri Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In April 2003, avid mountaineer Aron Ralston goes hiking at Utah's Canyonlands National Park without telling anyone, which is a very unwise decision. He befriends hikers Kristi and Megan, and shows them an underground pool before they head home. After that, Aron continues on through a slot canyon in Bluejohn Canyon. While climbing, he loses grip and falls, knocking a boulder which traps his right arm against the wall. Aron attempts to move the boulder but it won't budge; he also soon realizes he is alone. He shortly begins recording a video diary using his camcorder to maintain morale, as he chips away parts of the boulder with a pocket knife. Over the next five days, Aron rations his food and remaining 300ml of water, struggles to keep warm at night, and is forced to drink his urine when his water runs out. He also sets up a pulley using his climbing rope in a futile attempt to lift the boulder. Throughout the days, Aron becomes desperate and depressed, and begins hallucinating about escape, relationships, and past experiences including his family and his former girlfriend, Rana. During one hallucination, Aron realizes that his mistake was that he did not tell anyone where he was going or for how long, and decides that destiny has trapped him with the boulder. On the sixth day, Aron has a vision of his future son, spurring his will to survive. He fashions a tourniquet from CamelBak tube insulation and uses a carabiner to tighten it. Then, using his knowledge of torque, he breaks the bones in his arm and, using the multi-tool, slowly amputates it. Aron then wraps the stump to prevent exsanguination, and takes a picture of the boulder before rappelling down a 65 ft (20 m) rockface. He then finds some rain water collected while descending down, and drinks the stagnant water due to dehydration and continues. Back in the desert, he spots a family on a hike and calls for help. They give him water and alert the authorities; a Utah Highway Patrol helicopter brings him to a hospital. During the end credits, it is revealed that years later, Aron got married and had a son (as seen in his vision). He also continues climbing, and always leaves a note telling his family where he has gone. 