 Wanderlust (2012)541) Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan couple surveys alternative living options, ultimately deciding to experiment with living on a rural commune where free love rules. In New York, the aspirant filmmaker Linda convinces her husband George Gergenblatt to buy an expensive Micro Loft apartment in Manhattan. Linda expects to sell a documentary about penguins to HBO to help the payment of the installments and George expects a promotion. However, HBO rejects the documentary and George's company has folded and he is fired. With the American financial crisis, they lose a large amount selling the apartment and George does not find a new job. George's brother Rick offers a job position in his company in Atlanta. They drive from New York to Atlanta and they decide to stop for the night in the hotel Elysium. However they see a naked man running toward their car and George tries to return to the highway but accidentally he turns his car over. Soon they learn the Elysium is a hippie and vegan community and the dwellers invite George and Linda to stay with them. However, they decide to go to Atlanta but soon George has an argument with his arrogant brother. George returns to Elysium with Linda and they decide to stay for a two-week trial. A couple of days later, Linda feels well with her new friends but George has difficulties to adapt himself to the rules of Elysium. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Married George and Linda Gergenblatt love and thus are invested in life in New York City, despite he hating his job as a low level Wall Streeter, and she being on her latest in a long line of careers, this time as a documentary filmmaker, as she tries to find herself, those past careers in which she always bailed and failed. That investment is purchasing a micro-loft (i.e. studio apartment) in the West Village they can barely afford. When New York City seems not to be invested in them in return in both having professional setbacks, they believe they have no other option but to accept the offer by George's wealthy, Atlanta residing brother, Rick Gergenblatt, a blowhard who they barely tolerate, to live with him and his family in their McMansion and for George to work for him in his "construction rental equipment" business. When that situation with Rick too goes sideways, George and Linda decide to head back to Elysium, a commune in northern Georgia that was attached to the bed and breakfast they stayed at the night before arriving at Rick's, that night ending up being one of the best times they've had in their lives. The commune is run by the charismatic Seth, with Carvin being the leader emeritus, he who has lived there as a commune when he purchased the property in 1971 with nine others who have all since gone their own separate ways. Beyond if they can adjust to the ways of the commune and their interactions with the other residents, George and Linda's stay at Elysium is affected by whether they can be truthful to each other about what they really want in life, it all set against the backdrop of pressures by developers to take over the property. Huggo After George is downsized from his financial firm and Linda's depressing documentary is cancelled, they can no longer afford their overpriced 'micro-loft' in New York. They find themselves with just one option - to pack up their lives and head south to move in with George's brother and his wife. George and Linda stumble upon Elysium, an idyllic community where the only rule is to be yourself. Universal Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. George and Linda are overextended, overstressed Manhattanites who are barely hanging on by a thread. After George is downsized from his financial firm and Lindas depressing documentary is cancelled, they can no longer afford their overpriced 'micro-loft' in the West Village. They find themselves with just one option: to pack up their lives and head south to move in with Georges McMansion-living jerk of a brother, Rick, and his constantly tipsy wife, Marisa, in Atlanta. Itll just be a few months until they get back on their feet On the way there, George and Linda stumble upon Elysium, an idyllic community populated by colorful charactersincluding the troupes drop-out founder, Carvin; Elysiums alpha male, Seth; the sexually adventurous Eva; nudist Wayne; the boundaryless Kathy; former porn star and current jam maker Karen; Earth mother Almond; and Almonds life partner, Rodneywho embrace a refreshingly different way of looking at things. After spending one adventurous night among these characters, George and Linda decide to give a new lifestyle a go and begin to question how they should live the rest of their lives. Money? It cant buy happiness. Careers? Who needs them? Clothes? Only if you want them. Is Elysium the fresh start that George and Linda need? Or will the change of perspective cause more problems than it solves? 