 The Double (I) (2011)44) A retired CIA operative is paired with a young FBI agent to unravel the mystery of a senator's murder, with all signs pointing to a Soviet assassin. A US senator's just been murdered, and it bears the marks of a Soviet assassin, who's long-thought to be dead. To hunt down the killer, a retired member of the CIA, who spent his career going toe-to-toe with his Soviet nemesis, is teamed with a young FBI agent. Variety When an American senator's murdered, CIA agentl Shepherdson's or in charge to investigate. Paul spent most of his career hunting down a Soviet assassin, and this murder had all the hallmarks of having been committed by the same one. Only problem is the probable killer's been declared dead years earlier. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A retired CIA spy and a fledgling FBI agent team up to investigate the murder of a U.S. senator and catch a notorious killer in this high-stakes political thriller starring Richard Gere and Topher Grace. Back when he was an active operative, Paul Shepherdson (Gere) devoted his every waking minute to capturing "Cassius" -- an elusive Soviet hit-man with a spectral reputation. Decades later, Shepherdson believes that Cassius has been taken out of the game. But when a U.S. senator is assassinated and all evidence links the killing to Cassius, Shepherdson's former boss Tom Highland (Martin Sheen) convinces his old operative to investigate. Meanwhile, FBI agent Ben Geary (Grace) becomes positively certain that the high-profile murder is the work of the notorious Soviet hatchet man, and begins working with Shepherdson to crack the case. Now, in order to learn their target's true identity, Shepherdson and Geary must first revisit the entire case from top to bottom. In the process, the two determined men uncover a clue that indicates Cassius may not, in fact, be the prime suspect that the government has been chasing for decades, but instead the last person anyone ever expected. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 