 The Legend of Korra (20122014)44) Avatar Korra fights to keep Republic City safe from the evil forces of both the physical and spiritual worlds. Taking place 70 years after the events of "Avatar: The Last Airbender," this story follows the adventures of the Avatar after Aang - a passionate, rebellious, and fearless teenage girl from the Southern Water Tribe named Korra. With three of the four elements under her belt (Earth, Water, and Fire), Korra seeks to master the final element, Air. Her quest leads her to the epicenter of the modern "Avatar" world, Republic City - a metropolis that is fueled by steampunk technology. It is a virtual melting pot where benders and non-benders from all nations live and thrive. However, Korra discovers that Republic City is plagued by crime as well as a growing anti-bending revolution that threatens to rip it apart. Under the tutelage of Aang's son, Tenzin, Korra begins her airbending training while dealing with the dangers at large. Nickelodeon Publicity Set 70 years after the events of "Airbender", Korra moves to Republic City to master her final element - air. With the guidance of the previous avatar Aang's son Tenzin, she has to fight crime and face a growing anti-bending movement that threatens to rip the metropolis apart. Anonymous Seventy years has passed since Avatar Aang and Fire Lord Zuko have heroically ended the Hundred Year War that was caused by the Fire Nation. Aang's reincarnation is a water bender from the Southern Water Tribe. Korra has mastered all three of the elements with Katara, Aang's widow. Korra starts mastering air with Aang and Katara's youngest son, Tenzin. Korra realizes the world needs the Avatar to restore peace and balance. During her adventures, Korra is guided by her friends and her teacher to stop an anti-bending revolution, putting up with corrupt or incompetent politicians, restoring a long lost nation that was decimated by Sozin, stopping a dangerous anarchist group fixated on worldwide chaos. dawsonpersi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 