 What Happens Next (I) (2011)431) Paul, a closeted and self-unaware CEO in his 50's, retires and begins falling for a younger man half his age whom he meets in a dog park. At age 55, Philadelphia CEO Paul Grecco decides to make changes in his life, including the sale of his company, and that terrifies him. He was right to be terrified, because the new owners force him to retire early. His sister, Elise decides that the best things for him is a puppy she has gotten him, and dating the women that Elise sets Paul up with. It's funny though, but Paul finds himself disinterested in the women Elise fixes him up with, and oddly fascinated by a young man he meets while walking his new puppy in the park across from his condo. Paul has never really thought about dating or sex before, with anyone, so now what should he do? trivwhiz Successful CEO Paul retires at 55. His appearance-oriented socialite sister, Elise, gets him a french bulldog, which forces Paul to take it to a dog park where he meets comely 20-something dog-owner Andy. Meeting daily, Paul begins to investigate his life-long buried feelings, with attraction growing for Andy. Fortunately, Andy finds Paul mutually appealing. Elise, meanwhile, wants to see Paul married and tries matchmaking him with friend Irene, but Elsie also has issues over her art-photographer son, Brian, whom she mistakenly suspects is gay. statmanjeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Billionaire/Socialite Paul Greco (Jon Lindstrom, As the World Turns, General Hospital, & Port Charles) seems to have it all. Or does he? Upon the sale of his lucrative business, his retirement, and more money and time than he knows what to do with, there are many sudden changes in his life. Starting with his overbearing (but well-meaning) sister Elise (Wendie Malick, Just Shoot Me, Hot In Cleveland, and All My Children) who decides giving Paul a dog would be the perfect start. With little else to do, Paul assumes the daily dog walking routine in the park. There he encounters Andy Chance (Chris Murrah), a gay self-employed advertising whiz, who happens to walk his dog on the very same schedule. What starts as a casual daily meeting in the park, eventually develops into something a bit more questionable. Andy and Paul find themselves in a series of comedic situations in the give-and-take, of the differences in their personalities, upbringing, background and ages and, above all, the clarity of their undefined relationship. This gets even more complicated by the influential and overbearing women in both of their lives. Elise senses definite and curious changes in Pauls behavior and personality but becomes preoccupied about her own alternative lifestyle artist son, Brian (Ariel Shafir), with whom she has become seriously estranged. At the same time Andys adopted sister Roz (Natalia Cigliuti, All My Children), a high-powered art gallery owner becomes overtly uncomfortable with Andys fascination over Paul a straight philanthropist from an elite world of socialites and black-tie benefits. After many twists and turns in the screenplays story line, revelation, clarity and reconciliation are exposed and settled. The elements of discovery, surprise and delight are everywhere. What Happens Next explores the meaning, definition and redefining of family, the nature of relationships, the meaning of the varieties of love as a concept, attitude and human experience, fraught with laughter and surprise. 