 Jo Nesb's Headhunters (2011)431) An accomplished headhunter risks everything to obtain a valuable painting owned by a former mercenary. Roger is a human resources manager in a large company and has a wonderful home and a beautiful wife, Dian who owns an art gallery. But he lives in greater luxury than he should. In order to continue this, he has a second job; art theft. Diana introduces him to Clas, a former executive for GPS tech company, who wants to work for Pathfinder, whom Roger is recruiting for. In addition to being the perfect candidate for the job at Roger's company, he is the owner of a very valuable painting. Roger seeks the opportunity and immediately begins to plan his greatest hit. But what Clas encounters in his home will put him in a very difficult way to return. Roger Brown works as one of the most powerful headhunters in Norway. To support his extravagant lifestyle, he is also an art thief, which he does in cahoots with his friend, the gun toting Ove Kjikerud. They replace the originals with forgeries, which go undetected at least until the trail back to them goes cold. His outward bravado, based primarily on building upon reputation, masks his insecurities, especially in his short physical stature. He feels he needs that confident demeanor and wealth to get what he wants, including his trophy wife, art gallery owner Diana Brown. However, he almost seems to like the thought of what Diana represents more than Diana herself. As such, he has a mistress on the side named Lotte. The issue of having a baby - Diana wants to get pregnant while Roger doesn't want her to - is another bone of contention in their marriage. The two sides of Roger's professional life intersect when Diana introduces him to Clas Greve, who would be perfect for the CEO position at Pathfinder, the job for which Roger is currently recruiting. Clas is also in possession of a priceless Rubens, which if Roger and Ove can steal it, would be by far their most lucrative theft to date. After he and Ove are able to steal the painting, things start going wrong for Roger. He learns that Diana is having an affair with Clas. And someone is trying to kill him. He learns that it is Clas, who seems to know his every move. Is Clas trying to kill him for Diana? Or because he knows about the theft? Or a combination of the two? Or is there a bigger picture which Roger will have to discover? Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Save for a somewhat diminutive stature, Roger is a man who apparently has it all; hes Norways most successful headhunter, hes married to the exceedingly beautiful gallery owner Diana, has a far too expensive villa and must, to keep his head above water financially, steal a little too much art. Clas Greve is the perfect candidate for Rogers new recruitment assignment, being a former elite soldier and chief executive in the electronics business. Hes also in possession of a very valuable painting. Robert eyes a chance to permanently get rid of his financial worries and begins planning his final, greatest score. But it turns out that Greve is playing games as well. When Roger breaks into Greves house, he finds something that changes his life completely, and soon forces him to run for his life... 