 Turn Me On, Dammit! (2011)321) In Skoddeheimen, Norway, 15-year-old Alma is consumed by her hormones and fantasies that range from sweetly romantic images of Artur, the boyfriend she yearns for, to daydreams about practically everybody she lays eyes on. A 15-year-old Norwegian teen (Helene Bergsholm) is eager to explore her budding sexuality, but her encounter with the school heartthrob makes her a social outcast. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the small town of Skoddeheimen, Norway, Alma is a 15-year-old girl experiencing her sexual awakening. Unbeknownst to her mother, she regularly calls hotlines for phone sex, and masturbates while fantasizing about Artur, a boy from school. One night, Alma attends a party with her friends. While outside, Artur approaches her, exposes his erect penis, and pokes her with it. Thrilled, she retreats to a room to masturbate, and then rejoins her friends to tell them about the episode. They react with skepticism, and Artur obliquely denies the allegation. Alma becomes ostracized for slander, and is bullied with the nickname "Dick Alma". Upon receiving her telephone bill, Alma's mother discovers enormous expenses and immediately confronts Alma about calling a pay number. Alma straightforwardly says it is phone sex, and that she patronizes it because of her hypersexuality. However, Alma promises she will pay for it, and takes a part-time job at a convenience store. There, she gets into trouble for stealing a pornographic magazine, which the owner contacts her mother about. Her mother replies she sees Alma as abnormal. Overwhelmed by the bullying at school, Alma briefly runs away, but her mother eventually welcomes her back home. Alma confronts Artur, who confesses he poked her with his penis, and she did not simply imagine the incident, but denies sexual attraction to her. He decides to make things right with Alma, publicly confirming allegations he poked her with his penis. He also expresses romantic interest. She introduces Artur to her mother, and they have dinner together. 