 Peace, Love & Misunderstanding (2011)Summaries An uptight New York City lawyer takes her two teenagers to her hippie mother's farmhouse upstate for a family vacation. An uptight NYC lawyer takes her two teenagers to her hippie mother's farmhouse upstate for a family vacation. What was meant to be a weekend getaway quickly turns into a summer adventure of romance, music, family secrets, and self-discovery. BCDF Pictures The Hudsons are an upper-middle-class family living in New York City. Wife/mother Diane Hudson is a conservative-minded lawyer. Late-teen daughter Zoe Hudson is an aspiring poet whose associated lifestyle includes being a moral vegetarian who seeks a relationship with a like-minded person. Mid-teen son Jake Hudson, a virgin, uses his video camera as his voice because of his insecurity. Although the family-of-four well knows that Diane and husband/father Mark Hudson's marriage has been little more than in-name-only for ages, each member reacts differently when Mark announces he wants a divorce. To escape from the details of the divorce--most specifically, not wanting to divide the property--Diane decides to take Zoe and Jake to see Diane's mother Grace in Woodstock. Diane has been estranged from hippie Grace, whom she never saw as a supportive mother, for 20 years, so her kids have never met their own grandmother. Diane's surprise decision is largely to get away from the lifestyle that stifled a happy existence for her with Mark. She wants to reconnect with her mother without letting Grace negatively influence the kids with her beliefs in free love and smoking and selling pot. When they get to Woodstock, the kids discover that their grandmother is known around there as a living legend instead of a crazy old woman. Diane, Zoe and Jake, with Grace's encouragement, might find happiness in Woodstock--Jake with coffee-shop waitress Tara, Zoe with organic butcher Cole, and Diane with musician/artisan furniture-crafter Jude--if not for Zoe's need to overcome what she considers Cole's barbaric occupation--and what Diane finds out about Grace and Jude's history. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 