 Hobo with a Shotgun (2011)431) A homeless vigilante blows away crooked cops, pedophile Santas, and other scumbags with his trusty pump-action shotgun. A vigilante homeless man pulls into a new city and finds himself trapped in urban chaos, a city where crime rules and where the city's crime boss reigns. Seeing an urban landscape filled with armed robbers, corrupt cops, abused prostitutes, and even a pedophile Santa, the Hobo (Rutger Hauer) goes about bringing justice to the city the best way he knows how - with a 20-gauge shotgun. Mayhem ensues when he tries to make things better for the future generation. Street justice will indeed prevail. Greg Guy Moving from town to town, a ragged vagabond ends up in the criminal haven known as Hope Town. Run by the sadistic crime lord, Drake, and his equally brutal sons, Ivan and Slick, the God-forsaken city is rife with the scum of the Earth, who run rampant, of course, with the blessing of the corrupt local police. Under those circumstances, the disgusted nameless drifter decides to take matters into his own hands, and clean up the streets of the Drake infection. Now, his high-power, 20-gauge shotgun becomes the messenger of destruction and change. Who can stand in the way of the hobo's rightful, pump-action retribution? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Opening scene makes you think this is a movie right out of the 60s/70s as the cheesy audio rolls in with a man riding on a train after he gets off he is exposed to a town gone mad as there is rampant crime everywhere and watches at the mayor beheads a man and makes everyone watch. Rutger tries to ignore the horrific things going around him as his one true goal in life is to own a lawnmower, but the only way he can get money is by eating broken glass as a twisted camera man films it for a more brutal version of bum fights. Armed with the $50 he needed to buy a lawnmower Rutger goes to buy it when the store is robbed, after seeing one of the men point a gun at a baby Rutger is over powered by his sense of righteous justice and grabs a shot gun off of a stand, right next to the lawnmower, and blows all three men away and then pays for the gun and promptly goes on a cleaning spree taking out whoever he deems bad enough to killand its not a short list. After 10 or so kills the mayor gets fed up and then he starts to take out his lackeys, I mean sons, and they have a show down and all too quick its over, but I dont want to give anything away. 