 The Japanese Wife (2010)55) Pen pals decide to get married and carry-on a long-term relationship. Snehamoy Chatterjee lives a poor lifestyle on Bali Island in the West Bengal Sunderbans, along with his maternal aunt who wants him to get married to Sandhya. But Snehamoy, who teaches for a living, has entered into a long-term relationship with Japan-based Miyage, and both have made a marriage-commitment without meeting each other. Sandhya will end up getting married, giving birth to a son, getting widowed, and after the passing of her mother, will move in with them. Snehamoy will continue corresponding and even speaking with Miyage on the telephone, and it is here he will find out that she is ill, and he will consult with doctors dealing with a variety of Unani, Allopathic, Ayurvedic and Homeopathic medicines in order to find a cure for his pen-pal/wife. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) In a poor island in the countryside of India, the school teacher Snehamoy Chatterjee becomes the pen friend of the Japanese Miyage. When his aunt Mashi wants to marry him with the young Sandhya, he engages in a marriage commitment with Miyage that becomes his Japanese wife. However, neither he can afford to travel to Japan nor Miyage can leave her old mother alone to travel to India. Meanwhile Sandhya marries and has a son. After fifteen years, she gets widowed and moves to Mashi's house. But Snehamoy is still married with Miyage without seeing each other. When his Japanese wife has cancer, Snehamoy consults Indians doctors truing to find a cure for Miyage. Will they finally be together after all those years? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In a poor island in the countryside of India, the school teacher Snehamoy Chatterjee becomes the pen friend of the Japanese Miyage. When his aunt Mashi wants to marry him with the young Sandhya, he engages in a marriage commitment with Miyage that becomes his Japanese wife. However, neither he can afford to travel to Japan nor Miyage can leave her old mother alone to travel to India. Meanwhile Sandhya marries and has a son. After fifteen years, she gets widowed and moves to Mashi's house. But Snehamoy is still married with Miyage without seeing each other. When his Japanese wife has cancer, Snehamoy consults Indians doctors trying to find a cure for Miyage. Will they finally be together after all those years? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Snehmoy (Rahul Bose) and Miyage (Chigusa Takaku) are pen friends who exchange wedding vows through letters. Fifteen years pass but they never meet. Yet the bond of marriage is strong between them. This unusual relationship comes under a cloud when a young widow, Sandhya (Raima Sen), comes to stay with Snehmoy along with her eight-year-old son Poltu. Snehmoy and the little boy bond and the arithmetic teacher discovers the joy of palpable bonds and fatherhood. There develops an inexplicable thread of understanding with Sandhya too. But Snehmoy remained loyal to his unseen Japanese wife. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 