 Dabangg (2010)55) A corrupt police officer faces challenges from his family, gangsters and politicians. Set in Uttar Pradesh, Chulbul Pandey is a young boy who lives with his mother Naini, stepfather Prajapati, and younger half-brother Makkhi. Chulbul is constantly angry that his step-father is always partial towards his own biological son. 21 years later, Chulbul is a rowdy, mischievous, and sometimes crooked cop, who refers to himself as "Robin Hood." He does everything in his own indomitable way; whether it's dealing with corrupt politician and thug Chedi Singh, fighting a family feud, or romancing stunning Rajo. L. Hamre Although his mother Naini Devi always supports him, Chulbul Pandey's stepfather Prajapati has always scorned him in lieu of being more loving towards his own son with Naini, Makkhanchand. A grown up Chulbul is the senior Police Inspector of Lalganj, Uttar Pradesh and is highly regarded by his peers for both his toughness and helpfulness. While on a routine chase of a criminal, Chulbul crosses sights with the village drunk Haria's beautiful daughter Rajjo and instantly falls in love with her. To Chulbul's misfortune, Naini Devi dies and with it any of his links with Prajapati. What Chulbul doesn't know is that all the criminals he has recently nabbed were fund collectors for goon turned politician Chedi Singh. Finally married to Rajjo, with the tacit approval from State Home Minister Dayal Sahu, Chulbul cracks down on most of Chedi Singh's other sources of illicit finances, not knowing the dire consequences Chedi Singh would bring not only on the Pandey family as revenge, but maybe the entire state to maintain his hegemony. ankit-singh92 Loud, disobedient, and unruly, the unpredictable Uttar Pradesh police officer, Inspector Chulbul Pandey, considers himself a modern Robin Hood. Having a natural flair for dancing and a knack for righting wrongs, Chulbul, who still lives with his family, is in for a big surprise when he has a chance encounter with beautiful, raven-haired Rajjo, the woman of his dreams, during a fiery chase. However, his happiness is short-lived, as the corrupt politician, Chedi Singh, has set his sights on bringing down Chulbul, bent on revenge. Now, the guns have the final say. But, who can stand in the way of justice and Chulbul Pandey, its fearless defender? Nick Riganas Chulbul Pandey lives in Lalgunj, Uttar Pradesh, with his mother, Naini; step-father, Prajapati; and half-brother, Makhanchan. Abused by Prajapati, he refuses to have to do anything with him and instead becomes the town's most corrupt police inspector. After the sudden passing of his mother, he is a little shocked when he finds out that Makhanchan is getting married to Ghatyal Master's daughter, Nirmala. Instead of opposing this marriage, he hastily proposes to gorgeous Rajjo, the daughter of the town drunk, Haria, attends the wedding uninvited, has the priest marry them first, and a furious Ghatyal cancels Makhanchan's wedding. After the marriage, the couple travel to Dubai for their honeymoon, and experience the city's new Metro as well as go on a Desert Safari. After their return, Chulbul will be pitted against an aspiring politician, Chedi Singh, who has now joined forces with the humiliated Makhanchan, who blames Chulbul for burning their business down and for his father's illness - and the duo and their goons will go to any lengths to ensure Chulbul's demise once and for all. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 