 The Hidden Face (2011)321) Shattered by the unexpected news of their irreversible break-up, an aspiring orchestra conductor is puzzled by his girlfriend's mysterious and seemingly inexplicable case of disappearance. But, can he look beyond the facts? Adrin, a talented orchestra conductor, receives a video message from his beloved Beln, telling him with tears in her eyes that she is leaving him, and that she cannot carry on with him anymore. Shattered by the unexpected news of their irreversible break-up and puzzled by Beln's inexplicable decision, Adrin gets help from the local police to solve this mysterious case of disappearance; however, as there is still no news of Beln, a new woman will appear in his life. In the end, with no progress at all in Beln's baffling case, who would think to look beyond the facts, as truth often lies hidden in the most unusual of places? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Adrin (Quim Gutierrez), a young orchestra conductor, viewing a video of his girlfriend, Beln (Clara Lago) telling him she is leaving him. Adrin becomes distraught. While drinking away his sorrows at a bar, he meets Fabiana (Martina Garcia) and they have a relationship where Fabiana moves into the house that Adrin was sharing with Beln. Adrin becomes a suspect in the disappearance of Beln; however, the investigators can find no evidence of Adrian's involvement in Beln's dissappearance. It is revealed that the house is owned by a German lady who shows Beln a secret room built to hide her husband just in case someone came to look for him because he was a former Nazi SS officer. The room is self contained and sealed off from sound. It is also shown that Beln, jealous of Adrin's relationship with one of his violinists, decided to pretend she is leaving him. She creates the video saying she is leaving as she hides in the secret room. The room has some one-way mirrors where she can observe Adrin's reactions. When she decides he has had enough she looks for the key and realizes she lost the key and is now trapped in the room with no way to contact Adrin. Fabiana finds the key to the secret room, but she doesn't know what it is used for. Fabiana eventually figures out that Beln is trapped in the house because Beln is able to communicate through tapping on the pipes in the secret room. As Fabiana is ready to open the door, she pauses and decides not to rescue Beln because she might lose Adrin. Fabiana struggles with her decision, but decides to open the door and check on Beln because she can't get a response from her. Also, one of the investigators gave Fabiana pictures of Adrin and the violinist and she herself feels the pangs of jealously. As Fabiana is checking on Beln laying in a bed in the secret room, Beln surprises Fabiana and knocks her out and leaves Fabiana locked in the room. Beln decides to leave the house. She leaves the key to the secret room on a bed for Adrin to find and leaves a picture of the two of them taped to the mirror that acts as the door to the secret room. The final scene shows Beln sitting on the beach alone. 