 Blubberella (2011)321) An action comedy centered on an overweight woman whose footsteps cause explosions and whose dual swords are used against anyone who makes fun of her. It's 1940 and the German army is oozing their ickiness across the European continent, indiscriminately slaughtering thousands. On the Eastern Front, a motley group of Resistance Fighters, led by Nathaniel (Brendan Fletcher) and "Vadge" (Willam Belli), struggle valiantly against the Nazi scourge. The German army, headed by the Commandant (Michael Par), shadow puppet master, a mad, showtunes-singing Doctor (Clint Howard), and the newly-addicted-to-blood Lieutenant (Steffen Mennekes), threatens to eradicate the Resistance. But coming to the rescue is Blubberella. Half vampire, half woman, and all trouble, Blubberella loves nothing better than killing Nazis and a substantial turkey on rye. She has moved through the centuries destroying nasties and their like while perfecting the ultimate cotton candy recipe. Blubberella and the Commandant face each other in a rail car and after a unseemly exchange of bodily fluids, the Commandant becomes infected by Blubberella and, unknown to her, begins his transformation into a powerful day-walking vampire. Now Blubberella faces her greatest foe in her valiant struggle against tyranny and creatively used kitchen implements - a legion of undead Nazi soldiers and their ruthless leaders. Along the way she'll lock horns with her oppressive mama, cross-dressing resistance fighters, dodgy S&M games, and even Hitler and his mad boardgame-playing skills. Blubberella. She's coming big time. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Its 1940 and the German army is oozing their ickiness across the European continent, indiscriminately slaughtering thousands. On the Eastern Front, a motley group of Resistance Fighters, led by Nathaniel (Brendan Fletcher) and Vadge (Willam Belli), struggle valiantly against the Nazi scourge. The German army, headed by the Commandant (Michael Par), shadow puppet master, a mad, showtunes-singing Doctor (Clint Howard), and the newly-addicted-to-blood Lieutenant (Steffen Mennekes), threatens to eradicate the Resistance. But coming to the rescue is Blubberella. Half vampire, half woman, and all trouble, Blubberella loves nothing better than killing Nazis and a substantial turkey on rye. She has moved through the centuries destroying nasties and their like while perfecting the ultimate cotton candy recipe. Blubberella and the Commandant face each other in a rail car and after a unseemly exchange of bodily fluids, the Commandant becomes infected by Blubberella and, unknown to her, begins his transformation into a powerful day-walking vampire. Now Blubberella faces her greatest foe in her valiant struggle against tyranny and creatively used kitchen implements - a legion of undead Nazi soldiers and their ruthless leaders. Along the way shell lock horns with her oppressive mama, cross-dressing resistance fighters, dodgy S&M games, and even Hitler and his mad boardgame-playing skills. Blubberella. Shes coming big time. 