 Game (I) (2011)44) A wealthy man invites four people to his private island to blame three of them for his daughter's sudden death. The next morning, the wealthy man is found murdered. Four strangers (Neil Menon, OP Ramsay, Tisha Khanna and Vikram Kapoor) are invited by the reclusive Kabir Malhotra, to his private island of Samos, Greece. They don't know each other and they don't know him ... and by the next morning they will wish they had never come. Official site Kabir Malhotra a billionaire invites four people to his Island in Samos,Neil Menon a criminal ,O.P Ramsay a Minister, Vikram Kapoor an actor and Tisha a UK based journalist they are welcomed by Kabir 's secretary Samara who takes then to the dinning room which his secretly filmed Kabir tells them that three of them are linked with the death of his daughter Maya,O.P Ramsay trafficked her as a child,Neil introduced her to the crime world and she was killed by the car which Vikram was driving.Tisha is the only innocent among them and he tells her that she is the twin sister of Maya.Kabir tells them that he has evidence against them and the IVS squad is on the way to arrest them unable to escape the three wait for IVS squad to arrive but soon hear a gun shot and find Kabir dead in his room.Sia Agnihotri leads the IVS squad watches the video of the previous night's speech by Kabir, but as they are unable to find the evidence that Kabir claimed to have, they let the guests go. The case is declared a suicide, but Sia puts all four guests under surveillance. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Istanbul-based Casino Owner, Neil Menon, needs approximately 20 million dollars to pay off loans; aspiring Thai Prime Ministerial Candidate, O.P. Ramsay, needs money to improve his and his party's image; Bollywood actor, Vikram Kapoor, has to deal with flops and a guilty conscience; while London-based journalist, Tisha Khanna, must deal with drugs/alcohol issues after being arrested by the Police. The four receive written invitations from wealthy business magnate, Kabir Malhotra, to attend to his private island located in Samos, Greece. Hoping to improve their lives, they accept the invitation, arrive there, are met by Kabir's assistant, Samara Shroff, and escorted to his mansion. That night three of them will be blamed for the death of a woman, Maya, Kabir's estranged daughter; while Tisha will be told that she is Maya's twin. Kabir will also inform them that an International Vigilance team will be arriving to carry out an investigation against them. While the four attempt to deal with these accusations and revelations - nothing will prepare them for the events that will occur in the next few hours. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 