 Crook: It's Good to Be Bad (2010)321) Corrupt police and racially motivated attacks against Indian students complicate a re-located crook's life in Australia. When Sub-Inspector Joseph Pinto finds that his foster son, Jai Dixit, sired by a deceased, re-formed gangster, has taken to crime, he arranges for his re-location to Melbourne, and has his name changed to Suraj Bhardwaj. Jai does re-locate there, and gets hired as a taxi-driver. He gets attracted to Suhani, much to the of her brother, Samarth, who wants her to marry Gurdaspur-based Romi Latti, who is also in Melbourne on a university scholarship. With mounting racially-motivated attacks and profiling ('Curry Boy', 'Indian Curry') against Indian students, Samarth actively protests - but Jai refrains from doing so - even after Romi is badly beaten by Caucasian youth. The protest results in violence, and Samarth is arrested. On the day of his discharge, Jai is told by a stripper, Nicole, that plans are afoot to kill Samarth, and he decides to intervene. He does succeed and even accompanies Suhani to the Police Station to identify her brother's attackers. It is here that the police will find out about Jai's background, forcing him and Suhani to go on the run; be blamed for planting a bomb in a bar; while unknown person(s) kill several inter-racial couples. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Jai Dixit (Emraan Hashmi), a youngster who sells unlicensed DVDs. One day, his uncle Joseph (Gulshan Grover) catches him and this changes his personality completely, he changes his name to Suraj Bhardwaj and his uncle sends him to Australia. At the airport, he meets Romi Latti, a teenager who got a scholarship to a University College. He also meets Suhani (Neha Sharma), a young girl who has come to pick Romi up. Suraj gets attracted to Suhani, and therefore he pretends to be Romi and leaves with Suhani. When Suhani finds out that he is not the real Romi, Suraj makes a run for it. Suraj then stays with Goldie (Mashhoor Amrohi), a responsible adult living with his brothers. While Suraj is at a grocery store, on phone with his uncle Joseph, he finds that Australians are attacking the shopkeeper because he is a Muslim, so Suraj finds a gun and comes out. He has the Australians on the gunpoint as the police come. Suraj remembers that his uncle told him not to get in any type of trouble with the police, so Suraj runs away. Suraj hides in Nicole's car, although he finds out Nicole is the younger sister of the Attackers. Nicole works in a strip club named 'Duke's Club'. Suraj and Suhani had a dispute due to which he gets intimate with Nicole in a club while she wears a short red top and seduces him erotically. They two kiss and make love passionately. Nicole proposes Jai and he reciprocates, due to being aroused. But later, when Suraj has to pick between Suhani and Nicole, he picks Suhani and takes the duty to be Suhani's brother, Samarth's (Arjan Bajwa) driver. When Samarth's car breaks down, Suraj has to get help, but instead he tells Romi to go and fix his car so Suhani and Suraj can have a beautiful night together. But when they are about to kiss, Samarth shows up, and concepts that Romi has been badly beaten up by Australians on the highway and Romi and Samarth are about to protests against the Australians. When Samarth is attacked, he loses his temper and kidnaps Nicole, when Suraj goes to save Nicole, it turns out that Samarth is planning to murder Nicole and blame the murder on Suraj. When Suraj comes to know about Samarth's plan, Samarth beats Suraj and tells him that he is doing all this because his sister Sheena (Smiley Suri) was also murdered by the Australians once(Actually Sheena was in love with an Australian and she became pregnant with his child, which infuriated Samarth and he decides to abort the child, despite knowing the fact that she will die because of it, due to the abortion she ends up dead). But when he accidentally shoots Suraj, Romi comes up behind him with a shovel and hits it on Samarth's head and he dies. The film ends with Suraj being felicitated in front of the media with Suhani by his side as Uncle Joseph gets touched after seeing the news in Mumbai 