 Breakaway (2011)431) An ethnic Canadian hockey player struggles against traditional family values and discrimination from mainstream hockey players. A hockey enthusiast since 12 years of age, Toronto-based Rajvinder Singh, even went to the extent of trimming his hair, discarding his Pagri/turban, did not complete his education, incurred the wrath of his father, Darvesh, who wanted him to be involved in the family business as well as confirm and respect Sikh religion principles and values. Hoping to play professional hockey, Rajvinder, along with other fellow Sikh players, instead finds himself treated as the object of ridicule, referred to as a 'joker', by mainstream Caucasian players. Even his friends tease him and ask him to take up 'Guli Danda' and Kabaddi', while his father makes him work for Uncle Sammy as a truck driver. He is attracted to stunning law student Melissa Winters while her brother, Dan, offers to coach Rajvinder and his team. Unable to get themselves included in any team, they form their own, and call it 'Speedy Singhs'. They then set about to make a name for themselves with a coach who is unable to pronounce their names, and assumes that they belong to the same family as all their last names are 'Singh'. The team, headed by Rajvinder, has an uphill task, challenging the reigning champions 'Hammerheads', while Rajvinder must counsel his school-going brother, Gurveer, who is being harassed for looking 'different', deal with family pressures - especially after Darvesh announces that his son has forsaken hockey once and for all. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Twenty-something Rajveer Singh, a second generation Canadian of Sikh descent, still lives at home with his parents and his preteen brother Gurveer in Toronto despite Raj often being at loggerheads with his traditional father, Darvesh Singh. In acts of rebellion against that traditionalism, Raj recently dropped out of college and long ago cut his hair and stopped wearing a turban. Their disagreements of late have been of a more fundamental nature about life goals. Darvesh's view of the Canadian dream is to work hard at a conventional job to become wealthy, he seeing Raj some day take over Darvesh's younger brother Sammy Singh's multi-million dollar trucking business where both Darvesh and Raj work in the yard, something that would probably not sit well with Sammy's soon to be son-in-law Sonu, who talks and acts big. Raj's view of the Canadian dream is to do what makes you happy, which for him means hockey, from Darvesh's perspective a "white man" game. Among his Sikh friends with who he plays pickup, Raj is not only the only one with inherent talent but that takes the game seriously. And while Raj is arguably more talented than anyone on the Hammerheads, a team on which he aspires to be a player, they who play in the Hyundai Cup League just under the minor leagues, they only see him as a Sikh who has no business playing the game, period. In meeting Dan Winters, the maintenance man at the rink where they play and learning that he once was a major league player, albeit in only four games, Raj is not only able eventually to convince him to coach them, but Dan is able to convince them that pending his assessment that they should play in the Hyundai Cup League truly to test their mettle with the sport. Through Dan, Raj also meets Melissa Winters, Dan's younger sister who is currently living with him while she attends law school, Raj's other goal being for Melissa to fall for him. With these items in Raj's life, the question becomes if there is any way for Raj and Darvesh to see and understand the other's perspective truly to become family again. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rajveer Singh is a 21 year old young man dreaming of a professional hockey career. The film opens with him dreaming of scoring a game winning goal, followed by a moment of bliss as beautiful girls surround him. Unquestionably, he has the talent to be an accomplished player, but faces many hurdles, the biggest of which is himself. Raised as a traditional Sikh, Rajveer was forbidden as a boy to cut his hair and had to wear a turban, this stopped him from playing hockey, the game he loved. In his early teens, forsaking his family's religious traditions and beliefs, he removed his turban and cut his hair so he'd be more accepted within his country. His goal was to succeed in a traditional white mans sport, but this conflicted with his father's wish that he'd devote his life to his religion and the family business. Unable to find a foothold in the game, Rajveer takes matters into his own hands by creating an all Indian hockey team (The Speedy Singhs), finding a coach and then bringing on his Uncle Sammy's trucking company as the team sponsor, doing all this behind his father's back. Along the way to the championship game, he is faced with the questions he had not wanted to address: family, friendship, loyalty and identity. And until he can answer these questions, the podium will always be out to his reach. 