 Players (2012)44) Learning of a fortune in gold being secretly shipped to Romania, master thieves Charlie and Riya assemble a crack team to steal it. The Indian remake of the Italian Job. Romanian gold is to be transferred from Russia to Romania after many years. A gang made up of a con man, a con women, an illusionist, a makeup artist, an explosive cum gadgets expert and world's number 1 hacker steal the gold. But the hacker named spider betrays the whole team and takes all the gold. Asad Ali Abbasi Charlie and his friend Rhea are biggest thieves.Charlie receives a letter from his late friend's Raj's wife which mentions gold will be transferred from Russia to Romania in a train.Charlie discusses it with Victor Briganza a robin hood type thief who has taken care of many orphans one of them being Charlie he dreams to build an orphanage for these kids.His daughter Naina loves Charlie but is unaware of Charlie and her father's activities.Charlie teams up with a magician Ronnie,Spider a computer hacker,Bilal an explosive expert and Sunny a wannabe actor for the great robbery and to fulfill wish of Victor .The team becomes successful in looting the gold from the train.But Spider double crosses them he sends his men to kill Victor as soon he is out of jail who is shot dead in front of Naina.Charlie and the team is waiting up for the next step after the robbery where in Spider and his man attack them killing Ronnie and Rhea.A year later surviving members Charlie,Bilal and Sunny locate Spider who is living a lavish lifestyle in New Zeland with the gold,This time Naina to teams up with them to revenge her father's death. alex.mjacko@gmail.com A group of players consisting of a con-man, a con-woman, an illusionist, explosives expert, professional hacker and disguise master have a mission to steal gold for their dreams. Their plan succeeds but are double-crossed by their own member. Through losses and a new ally, they try to have their revenge and gold back. But will they succeed this time? Bollywood remake of the Hollywood Italian Job. Sreya Maitra It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 