 Liebling, lass uns scheiden! (2010)211) Let's Get Divorced, Darling! Franziska Klaus (42) wants to divorce her husband Oliver (47). He is convinced that she has another guy. As a successful business woman Franziska would have plenty of opportunities. Whereas he, Oliver, looks after the house and their children, Anna (15) and Tim (17). But Franziska is only flirting with Maik, the junior consultant in the company. While Oliver sacrificed his dreams of being a painter in favor of his wife's career. While Franziska is in London with Maik, on business, Oliver meets his French teenage love, Sophie. As an art dealer she encourages him to start painting again. By and by Oliver begins to emancipate from Franziska, and finds his old self again, the daredevil he used to be. At the same time, in London, Franziska reconsiders - Oliver is Mister Right after all! But when she returns home she finds her husband ready for the divorce. She cannot believe it! He must have a lover, she is convinced. It is Sophie, who opens Oliver's eyes for she realizes that he still loves his wife and she could never take Franziska's place. So Oliver sets out to reconquer his wife! Bea Syz-Witmer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lets Get Divorced, Darling! Franziska Klaus (42) wants to divorce her husband Oliver (47). He is convinced that she has another guy. As a successful business woman Franziska would have plenty of opportunities. Whereas he, Oliver, looks after the house and their children, Anna (15) and Tim (17). But Franziska is only flirting with Maik, the junior consultant in the company. While Oliver sacrificed his dreams of being a painter in favor of his wifes career. While Franziska is in London with Maik, on business, Oliver meets his French teenage love, Sophie. As an art dealer she encourages him to start painting again. By and by Oliver begins to emancipate from Franziska, and finds his old self again, the daredevil he used to be. At the same time, in London, Franziska reconsiders Oliver is Mister Right after all! But when she returns home she finds her husband ready for the divorce. She cannot believe it! He must have a lover, she is convinced. It is Sophie, who opens Olivers eyes for she realizes that he still loves his wife and she could never take Franziskas place. So Oliver sets out to reconquer his wife! 