 Mere Brother Ki Dulhan (2011)431) A quirky rom-com where Kush finds the ideal Indian bride Dimple for his brother Luv and a series of comical and unpredictable events follow. "Mere Brother Ki Dulhan" is a quirky romantic comedy set in the world of the upper middle class in Northern India. Kush Agnihotri (Imran Khan) is looking for the ideal Indian bride for his brother Luv Agnihotri (Ali Zafar) who stays in London. In his quest, Kush goes through an array of wacky encounters with several families until he finally finds that perfect girl in Dimple Dixit (Katrina Kaif), the craziest / wackiest girl he has ever known. Both the families meet. Formalities completed. Preparations proceed in full swing. And just then, our hero Kush falls in love with Dimple, his brother's dulhan. What follows is a comical and unpredictable series of events in this unusual topsy-turvy tale of love. Official source London-based Luv Agnihotri decides to end his bachelorhood and asks his Bollywood film-maker brother, Kush, to find a bride for him - much to the displeasure of his Dehradun-based father. Kush accordingly meets and interviews a variety of women, and finally selects Delhi-based Dimple Dixit, a woman he had known before, to be the perfect match. Dimple and Luv meet on-line, are attracted to each other, and the former travels to India where the two families get the couple formally engaged. It is then Dimple decides that she prefers Kush. Watch as things spiral out of control when she insists that Kush must elope with her. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Mere Brother Ki Dulhan" is a quirky romantic comedy set in the world of the upper middle class in Northern India. Kush Agnihotri (Imran Khan) is looking for the ideal Indian bride for his brother Luv Agnihotri (Ali Zafar) who stays in London. In his quest, Kush goes through an array of wacky encounters with several families until he finally finds that perfect girl in Dimple Dixit (Katrina Kaif), the craziest / wackiest girl he has ever known. Both the families meet. Formalities completed. Preparations proceed in full swing. And just then, our hero Kush falls in love with Dimple... his brother's dulhan. What follows is a comical and unpredictable series of events in this unusual topsy-turvy tale of love. This September, Yash Raj Films invites you to the craziest wackiest masaledaar wedding of the year. Written and Directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Aditya Chopra, the film releases worldwide on September 09, 2011. 