 Before I Go to Sleep (2014)651) A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her. Forty year old Christine Lucas wakes up in bed with a man she does not know, in an unfamiliar house. The man explains that he is her husband, Ben, and that she suffered brain damage from a car accident ten years earlier. Christine wakes up every morning with no memory of her life from her early twenties onwards. Christine receives treatment from Dr. Nasch, a neurologist at a local hospital who provides her a camera to record her thoughts and progress each day, and calls her every morning to remind her to watch the video in the camera. Soon, she starts to discover the truth around her. Nebzyl Every day, the housewife Christine Lucas wakes up with a stranger in her bed that explains that he is her husband Ben. He tells that she had a car accident many years ago, where their son Adam died, and she had a brain damage that erases her memory during the night. Then she receives a phone call from Dr. Mike Nasch, who had treated her, and he reminds her to find a hidden camera and watch a video to help her cure. Soon Christine joins her pieces of memory like a puzzle and starts to recall her life and discover the truth about Ben. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Each night, after falling asleep, Christine, the forty-year-old car-crash survivor who now suffers from anterograde amnesia, loses all her memories back to her twenties. And each day, Christine finds herself waking up next to Ben; the perfect stranger who claims that he is her husband. To compensate for her utter inability to form new recollections, Christine faithfully keeps a meticulous and illuminating video diary after her psychologist Dr Nasch's directions, hoping to piece together her fragmented existence. Little by little, sudden and uncomfortable flashbacks start to unravel the thick mystery of Christine's deep trauma; but, in the process, whom should she trust? Nick Riganas Every morning, chemistry teacher Ben explains to his wife Christine she woke up with amnesia daily as a result of a car crash twenty years ago. Later each time she's surprised to get a call from psychiatrist Dr. Nash but finds proof it's a recurring process when instructed to consult a video camera she record their findings on as a diary of fragments they dig up from her past. Ben has convincing explanations each time she stumbles on something bad, like their son's young death. However nothing is what it seemed, and moves to uncover the whole uncomfortable truth including here residential psych ward past trigger a tragic finale. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A woman who has lost memory begins to feel doubts about her husband's sincerity and honesty.She is aided by a therapist.The therapist asks her to record her memories on a videocamera.She feels some doubt about the reliability of the therapist. 