 Killing Them Softly (2012)651) Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. Three amateurs stickup a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse. Brad Pitt plays the hitman hired to track them down and restore order. Anonymous Boston , the fall of 2008. While the banking crisis grips national news, two young slackers rob a high-stakes poker game. The local Mob attorney brings in Jackie to clean things up. He's a hit man who likes to kill his victims softly. There's a code at work: Jackie surmises that he has to kill Trattman, even though he's innocent; then Jackie brings in Mickey from out of state, because one of the people who has to die knows Jackie. Can Jackie's methodical, cheery approach to his work put the local underground's finances back in order? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Livid over the fact that three low-level thieves have crashed the entire underworld economy, the mob's top brass hires Jackie Cogan (Brad Pitt) to see that the bandits pay for their crime. The closer Cogan gets to his target, however, the more he finds his mission complicated by an alcoholic hit man who's well past his prime, incompetent gangsters, and the playboy host of the inauspicious game. In 2008, the crook Johnny Amato plots a plan to rob a Mafia card game managed by the rogue Markie Trattman, who had stolen his poker game in the past using two men. He hires the smalltime thieves Frankie and Russell to do the job expecting Markie to be the prime-suspect of Mafia. However the Mafia hires the hitman Jackie to resolve the problem and he explains to his mobster contact Driver that he believes that Markie is not responsible for the heist but should die to be an example to the street to prevent further heists. Soon the heroin addicted Russell discloses his participation in the heist to the drug dealer Kenny Gill, who is connected to the Mafia and gives the information to Jackie. He discovers the responsible for the heist that begins his job killing them softly. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three amateur criminals hold up a card game and steal cash from all the players. Their heist destroys confidence and all illegal card games in the area stop. Eager to get business and cash moving again, the local mob hire hitman Jackie (Brad Pitt) to find out who knocked off the game and punish them in an effort to restore confidence. Jackie struggles to get clear direction from the mob that appears to be run as an autonomous collective, leaderless committee. He presses them to allow him to hit Markie Trattman (Ray Liotta) because whilst innocent Markie is the person everybody thinks held up the card game. Jackie's assertion is that if people believe the issue is resolved confidence will be restored; even if the situation remains unchanged. Markie having been brutally despatched, Jackie is sent to perform a hit on the original three criminals actually responsible. The film is interspersed with talking head news footage of Bush and Obama referring to the struggling economy and the need for America to pull together as a community, the relevance of which becomes clear in the closing scene. Having eliminated all his targets, Jackie meets with his operator to collect the cash only to be informed that his payment has gone down. The meeting takes place in a bar in which the TV is showing President Barack Obama's inaugural address. Handing over the smaller than agreed sum of money, the Driver says, These are recession prices. Jackie turns to the TV on which Obama is still addressing the Nation and replies, This guy wants to tell me we're living in a community? Don't make me laugh. I'm living in America, and in America you're on your own. America's not a country. It's just a business. Now fuckin' pay me. 