 Beyond Skyline (2017)321) A tough-as-nails detective embarks on a relentless pursuit to free his son from a nightmarish alien warship. Mark Corley is a Los Angeles police detective who visits his estranged teenage son, Trent, having landed in jail due to brawling just as an alien invasion begins and the entire population of the city is sucked into various spaceships by the blue light. Mark leads a group of surviving humans through the underground subway tunnels to try to escape from the various aliens. (Wikipedia) Carlos Mills Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Taking place at the same time as Skyline, Mark Corley, a Los Angeles police detective, helps his estranged son, Trent, out of jail just as an alien invasion begins. The entire population of the city is sucked into various spaceships by a blue light. Mark leads a group of surviving humans through underground subway tunnels to escape, though most of the humans are killed or abducted, one by one. The survivors - Mark, Trent, transit operator Audrey, and a homeless man known only as "Sarge", who is immune to the blue light due to his blindness - escape to the marina following the city's nuclear destruction, only to be abducted into the alien flagship by a towering alien tanker. On board the spaceship, Mark tries to find his son and storms his way into various chambers, where he meets up with survivor Elaine and her transformed husband Jarrod (from the first film). Elaine explains that Jarrod retained control of his mind despite being transformed into a bio-mechanical alien soldier. Though Elaine is three months pregnant, her pregnancy has accelerated and she gives birth to a daughter. Elaine dies during the delivery, and Mark and Jarrod team up to destroy the alien ship by setting alien explosives inside the ship's control systems. When Jarrod is killed fighting the alien leader, Mark rescues Audrey but is too late to save his son. Trent has his brain taken and placed in another alien bio-mechanical machine creature. Sarge is badly wounded when he defends the baby from an alien. The dying Jarrod destroys the ship, which crashes in rural Laos. Mark, Audrey, Sarge and the baby escape from the spaceship which starts to repair itself. Sarge dies from his wounds shortly after the group meets Sua and his sister Kanya, who belong to a drug cartel and fight against both aliens and local rogue ex-policemen bandits. As they trek through the jungle, the group discovers that the human baby grows at an accelerated rate, from an infant into a three-year-old in just one day. Sua and Kanya lead Mark, Audrey, and the baby to a hidden human resistance hideout and drug processing facility located in local ruins. In addition, the leader of the rogue policemen Huana intercepts them but is disarmed and captured by Sua. Harper, a medical officer and former drug chemist, examines the baby girl and learns about her unique DNA. Harper believes her blood may be the key to defeating the aliens due to her evolving DNA. Using the child's blood and recovered alien technology, Harper develops a serum he believes will free the bio-mechanical soldiers from alien control and restore their human personality. Though Sua insists on killing all the bio-mechanical soldiers, Mark convinces Sua to allow him to save Trent. While on a patrol, Kanya encounters a four-legged tanker alien and sacrifices herself by luring it into an old minefield left over from the Vietnam war. Though she destroys it, she unwittingly gives away their location to the alien ships searching for the human newborn child. They converge on the human base. During the resulting battle between the aliens and the humans several members of the human resistance are killed, including Harper. Mark enters a grounded alien ship where he uses Harper's serum to turn the mind-controlling blue light into a red light that frees the mind-controlled bio-mechanical soldiers. Before he can deploy it, the alien leader and his horde of alien warriors attacks the human resistance and rips out the cannon containing the light. Sua frees a jailed Huana on the condition he fights for the resistance. Mark, Audrey, Sua and Huana then make a last stand to fight back the aliens. Though the four fight off hoards of aliens, Huana loses two arms and a leg during the fight. Trent, his mind restored after encountering his father, fights back inside a giant alien tanker. While the alien leader is busy fighting Trent, the child fixes the cannon which Trent uses to kill the alien leader and release the red light freeing the bio-mechanical soldiers. With Earth saved, Audrey names the girl Rose after Mark's deceased wife. Ten years later, Rose, now a fully-grown adult, has taken control of an alien ship, and alien Trent is her second-in-command and adoptive brother. Rose leads freed bio-mechanical soldiers and humans in an assault on the other alien ships around the Moon, including the mothership. (copied from Wikipedia) 