 Secret in Their Eyes (2015)55) A tight-knit team of rising investigators, along with their supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered. 2002: Ray Kasten (Chiwetel Ejiofor) and Jess Cobb (Julia Roberts) are two investigators in a private police unit led by the DA. When they receive an anonymous tip about a girl raped and killed, they rush to the scene. Ray realizes it is Jess' daughter and the team falls apart due to the grief. In 2015, Ray comes back to LA, and says that after 13 years, he has found a lead and convinces the DA to reopen the case. They find clues and leads unknown to them, and secrets from the past come to light as they start discovering the real, chilling truth. Meanwhile, Jess, dissatisfied with the law, decides to take matters into her own hands and track down the killer, no matter what lengths she has to go to. Blake Slayton In 2002, the daughter of a member of the Los Angeles DA Counter-Terrorism team is murdered in a building adjacent to one believed to house a terrorist group. The chief suspect turns out to be an informer within the terrorist group. As he is valuable to the authorities in their attempts to prevent a terrorist attack, they are unable to touch him, and he goes free. Now, 13 years later, the FBI agent on the team believes he has tracked down the killer, and intends to settle the score. grantss In the aftermath of the devastating attacks on 9/11, FBI investigators, Ray Kasten and Jessica Cobb, along with their district-attorney supervisor, Claire Sloane, form a counter-terrorism task force in Los Angeles. But, nothing will ever be the same again, as the harrowing discovery of a murdered young woman near a mosque, tears the team apart. Now, thirteen long years later, Ray, who is still searching for the shadow killer, reunites with the old friends, convinced that he finally has the murderer's identity, unbeknownst to him, however, that the silent ghosts of the past want to remain unfound. Are they all prepared for the shocking revelation? Nick Riganas A former Los Angeles DA inspector (Chiwetel Ejiofor) spends 13 years hunting the killer who raped and murdered the teen daughter of his colleague (Julia Roberts). But when he finds the culprit and the district attorney (Nicole Kidman) refuses to reopen the case, he is forced to pursue justice on his own, which ultimately leads to a shocking discovery.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 