 Crazy Mad Lover (2011)44) A married Canadian travels to India to re-unite with his estranged father and brother but faces obstacles and challenges. The film begins in Canada, travels to Banaras and eventually makes its way to Punjab. The Father Son duo of Dharam Singh and Gajodhar Singh (Dharmendra and Bobby Deol) are the biggest conmen in Banaras. Their happy go lucky existence involves drinking and pulling off hilarious cons on unsuspecting people. The only hitch in their perfect albeit notorious life arrives in the form of Paramveer Singh Dhillon (Sunny Deol). A brawny and honest NRI from Vancover, Paramveer lands up in Banaras claiming to be Gajodhar's elder brother separated at childhood. The duo willingly accepts Paramveer into their fold only to exploit his muscle power to serve their con games. Meanwhile Gajodhar falls in love with Saheba (Kulraj Randhawa), a beautiful Sardarni from Punjab. As their romance reaches its peak, her brothers arrive and forcibly take her away. Paramveer saves the day with a crazy plan to win the girl back for Gajodhar which leads them to the rustic heartlands of Punjab. What follows is a rollercoaster ride showcasing the Great Indian Joint Family, Eccentric Relatives, Marriage Mayhem, and a classic case of Mistaken Identities! Anonymous Vancouver-based Paramveer Singh Dhillon lives with his mother and is married to Caucasian Mary, and has two sons. The family comes to know that his father, Dharam, and younger brother, Gajodhar, are now living as con-men in Banaras, and with hopes of re-uniting the family, he decides to travel there. He does get to meet the duo but his hopes are dashed when Dharam refuses to accept him, while Gajodhar decides to use his muscular body for their goon-like activities, and to pursue his romance with Saheba Kaur Brar, whose brothers, including aspiring politician, Joginder, had beaten him, and forbidden him from seeing her again. The duo decide to fool the Brars by dressing-up Gajodhar as a NRI Sikh - with hilarious results - as Joginder wants Saheba to marry Paramveer - while Saheba's Canadian-minded cousin, Poli, wants to have Gajodhar for herself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Paramvir an NRI in Canada living with his mother wife and kids.His mother tells him that she left his father and came to Canada as his father Dharam Singh was a petty thief and didn't want to give that life but he managed to run away with his younger brother Gajodhar.Paramvir finds that his father and brother are living in Benaras and conning people.He travels to India and tells Dharam his identity but Dhram requests him not top tell Gajodhar as he will be hurt after knowing that all his life he kept him away from his mother and older brother.Gajodhar falls in love with Saheba whose brothers beat him and takes Saheba to their village and wants her to marry and NRI.Dharam finds Gajodhar is useless in love and asks Paramvir to help him.But confusion starts when Saheba's brother finds Paramvir is and NRI they decide to marry her to him thus creating a chaos. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 