 I Am Kalam (2010)55) An impoverished boy forms an unlikely and unstable friendship with the lonely son of a nobleman. The film celebrates the survival of the human spirit against overwhelming odds and highlights the need for underprivileged children's education. Its a film based on former indian president A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and is aimed at inspiring the poor to educate their children. DaGambit Chhotu's peasant village is ruined by drought, so his ma drops the boy with uncle Bhati, who runs a tea stand at the city outskirts. Clever Chottu, who calls himself Kalam after the self-made Indian president, soon outsmarts uncle's adult assistant and makes friends with the loneliest boy in the palace, now a hotel, a prince his age. KGF Vissers Meera leaves her young son, Chhotu, to work with Bhati, who runs a Dhaba in the Rajasthani desert so that they can pay off their debt. After a few weeks, Chhotu, who now calls himself Kamal, comes to visit her along with a Caucasian woman, Lucie, and asks permission to visit Delhi. Meera is apprehensive about Lucie and does not permit her son to go anywhere with her. She subsequently comes to visit him, to see how he is making out at the Dhaba, and it is here she will face nothing but humiliation when she will be told that her son has stolen books and clothing from Kunver Ranvijay Singh, the only son of Raja Rudra Pratap Singh. When asked to apologize, Kamal not only refuses, but runs away to an unknown location - leaving Bhati to face the Raja's wrath. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Chotu - a smart child from an impoverished family is sent to work in a roadside Dhaba of Bhati in the outskirts of Bikaner, by his mother so that he can earn for the family. Chotu is not the ordinary kid who is held by his difficult economical situation, but a hard and smart fighter with a natural inclination for academics and street smartness. Inspired by the extraordinary life of President Kalam, Chotu decides that he will study hard and become someone significant like him. How he wins over the many people he meets during his stay at the Dhaba and how that changes his life forms the rest of the story. PipingHotViews It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 