 Make Your Move (2013)431) A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. Donny's a cocky kid from New York who likes to dance. He goes to New Orleans and he unwittingly takes part in a criminal act. He is arrested and sent to jail. He gets out on parole and makes a living by dancing in the streets. But his parole officer tells him to stop it because he's not suppose to be where he goes to dance as part of his parole. The officer tells him to get a job but he only wants to dance. He decides to go back to New York even though he's not allowed to. He goes to his brother Nicky who has a club. He learns that Nicky and his partner Kaz had a falling out when a rich guy convinced Kaz that he doesn't need Nicky. Nicky told Kaz that he's just using him to get to Kaz's sister who is also a performer who is hoping an agent will take her as a client because she could be sent back to Japan where she is from. When Donny sees her, he can't help but be interested in her despite Nicky telling him not to go near her. rcs0411@yahoo.com Paroled after a partially served jail term for street hustling, cocky hunk Donny refuses to abide by stifling terms reducing him to dumb jobs in New Orleans. So he sneaks back to his native New York City, hoping to make it as gifted (tap) dancer. For a first job, he turns to his colored foster brother Nicky, who runs a shady but trendy nightclub. Nick hesitates, expecting him to start at the bottom, and has other priorities: his Japanese-Korean partner Kaz has deserted to the new club of Manhattan moneybags Michael Griffiths. In between the rivals is Kaz's sister Aya, who leads a female Asian percussion band but risks extradition unless she finally lads a regular job, unresponsive to Michael's romantic interest. Rowing with Nick, Donny meets and gets a crush on hesitant-reciprocating Aya, landing both in conflicting loyalties, while business proves harshly disloyal. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Donny is an ex-con hoofer trying to make a living tap dancing for tourists on the streets of New Orleans. After his parole officer gives him a hard time, basically telling him to get a real job, Donny flees to New York to hook up with his foster brother Nick, who is the proprietor of a hot underground dance club in Brooklyn called Static. Donny thinks maybe he could get a job dancing there, make some real money. He walks into a complicated turf war, between Nick and his former partner Kaz. Kaz stole some ideas, and then branched out on his own, opening his own rival dance club. Things have gotten ugly. Donny doesn't care about any of that, he just wants to dance! Donny almost instantly gets a crush on Aya, younger sister to Kaz. Aya dances with an all-girl group called the Cobu Girls. Aya is caught in the middle of the war between her older brother and Nick, and her problems are exacerbated by the fact that she will be sent back to Japan in three weeks if she doesn't get some kind of gig, and soon. She and Donny meet one night at Static, and end up doing an impromptu tap-dance battle along the top of the bar. That dance is when the film really kicks off. Both dancers are not only superb athletes, but committed to the moment underlying the dance. Despite the increasing violence between the two clubs, Aya and Donny strike up a sweet and tentative romance. Nick and Kaz try to intervene, and it's all quite Montague/Capulet at times. Aya's future is so uncertain, she's not sure she wants to get involved, and Donny takes that "No" for an answer, but asks if they could please dance together again at least? 