 Free Agents (20112012)Summaries Alex is recently divorced, and Helen lost her fiance a year ago. Obviously, these two are definitely not ready to be dating again. So naturally, they end up in bed together one night. Oops. And they're co-workers. Double oops. At least they have one thing in common: they're both in need of getting back on the horse again but unable to figure out how. Despite their little romantic encounter, however, they decide to just remain friends. Helen insists this has nothing to do with Alex crying like a baby after sex. And Alex tries to reassure Helen that she'll have no trouble finding a new boyfriend as soon as she removes the pictures of her dead fiance that are all over her apartment. The rest of the office tries to get Alex back out there... but no matter how many terrible shirts they make him buy, he's never going to be a ladies' man. His colleagues aren't actually much help: from the boss who can't wait to hear about Alex's sexual exploits to the eternal "player" who wants Alex as his new wing man. When he finally gets up the courage to go on a date, Helen finds herself just a little jealous... which is what Alex secretly wanted all along. And one drunk-dial later, they end up back in bed together. Looks like this might be the start of something (awkward) big. This crooked workplace/romantic comedy written by John Enbom (Party Down) and directed by Emmy Award winner Todd Holland (Malcolm in the Middle) proves you can try to put yourself back out there, but sometimes what you need is right in front of you. Even if it's a really bad idea. Anonymous "Free Agents" is a crooked, romantic comedy that explores the trials and tribulations of finding love and companionship - the second time around. Hank Azaria ("The Simpsons," "Huff") stars as newly divorced Alex, who is missing his kids and trying to keep himself together. Alex's co-worker Helen (Kathryn Hahn, "Hung") thinks she has it together, but she drinks too much in order to cope with her fiance's untimely death. It's no surprise then when these two overworked PR executives share an ill-fated night of passion and are forced to cope with the awkward aftermath. Thus begins the journey of two lost and emotionally damaged souls in search of happiness. Joining the cause is an array of co-workers who are both helpful and meddling at the same time. Stephen (Anthony Head, "Merlin," "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") is the office boss who is concerned about Alex's emotional stability, yet needs him to focus on his work; Dan (Mo Mandel, "Love Bites," "Modern Family") is a bachelor in search of a wing-man; and Gregg (Al Madrigal, "Wizards of Waverly Place," "The Daily Show") is the nerdy, lone husband of the group. Despite their valiant and well-intended efforts, they are failing in their attempts to help Alex get back into the dating scene. Emma (Natasha Leggero, "Ugly Americans") is Alex's spitfire assistant, who is always ready with a quick comeback, and Joe Lo Truglio ("Backwash," "Mad Love") is the building security guard who is always ready to share a little advice. Together, this motley, and often dysfunctional, group takes on a new level of damage control. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 