 The Voice (2011 )321) Four famous musicians search for the best voices in America and will mentor these singers to become artists. America will decide which singer will be worthy of the grand prize. There are four coaches, who are all famous in the music industry. During the blind auditions these coaches will turn around in their chairs when they hear a performer they want in their team. If there are more coaches who want a performer, he or she gets to choose who they want as their coach. During the battles there will be two contestants from the same team up against eachother. The coach then has to choose one of them to get through to the live shows. immevangorp Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "The Voice" - Semi-Finals Results Show - May 1, 2012 We get some recap from Carson of last night's show and some blah-blah-blah from the judges about how it is both amazing and sad to see one member of their team advance and one go home. Performance: Last year's runner-up Dia Frampton sings her song "Don't Kick the Chair" with Kid Cudi. The first set of results is for Team Christina. Christina split her 100 points evenly, 50/50. When they add America's vote, the winner is Chris Mann. Performance: Last year's finalist Vicci Martinez sings her song "Come Along" with help from former coach Cee Lo. The second set of results is for Team Adam. He split his 100 points with 40 for Katrina and 60 for Tony. When they add America's vote it's clear Adam backed a winner because Tony Lucca gets the vote. Performance: Last year's finalist Beverly McLellan sings "Money Changes Everything" with Cyndi Lauper Performance: Last year's winner Javier Colon sings his new single "A Drop in the Ocean" Next up are results for Team Blake. He split his 100 points evenly at 50/50. Adding America's votes Jermaine Paul is the winner. And finally results for Team Cee Lo. He split his 100 points with 60 going to Juliet and 40 to Jamar. Adding America's votes and Juliet Simmsis the winner. 