 The Thompsons (2012)321) On the run with the law on their trail, America's most anguished vampire family heads to England to find an ancient vampire clan. What they find instead could tear their family, and their throats, apart forever. After the blood-soaked events of The Hamiltons (2006) , the cat is out of the bag, and the dysfunctional family of vampires now goes by the name of Thompson. On the run from the law, the Thompson family is scattered across Europe, and Francis needs to drive all the way to rural England in search of help by others of his kind, in the small hamlet of Ludlow. But, there, the ancient vampire clan of the Stuarts has an agenda of their own: one that puts the very survival of the Hamiltons in jeopardy. Is this the end of the line for the Thompsons? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequal to, 'The Hamiltons', they were a dysfunctional, orphaned family struggling in sunny suburbia. On the outside, they appeared normal enough, but they hid a very dark secret... in order to survive, they needed to drink blood because they all were natural-born vampires. After moving from their house, a bloodbath at a desert gas station puts the family on the run from the law, eventually seeing them resurface in the U.K. under a new name as The Thompsons. With the youngest brother Lenny gravely injured, the family is in desperate need of help. Hearing rumors of another vampire clan who might be able to assist them, Francis agrees to make contact. His quest leads to a family-run pub in the English countryside where he meets a gorgeous waitress named Riley Stuart. As Riley flirts, Francis fails to notice her blood thirsty relatives sneaking up behind him. Francis tries fighting the family off the best he can but these new vamps are faster, stronger and more vicious than he's encountered before. After a brutal struggle he's subdued and brought back to their home. When Francis wakes up he's surprised to learn that the Stuarts simply wanted to test his powers. They set him free and offer safe haven to himself and the rest of his family. As the rest of the family makes their way across the English countryside to join him, Frances begin to suspect the Stuarts may have an agenda behind their kindness. With Riley as his only potential ally and her motives still unclear, the epic battle between the two clans is inevitable... 