 Boss (20112012)211) Mayor Tom Kane, diagnosed with a dementia disorder, struggles to keep his grip on power in Chicago. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Season Two: After nearly losing his career, his family and his mind, Mayor Tom Kane's ( Kelsey Grammer ) grip on Chicago is as powerful as ever. With high doses of medication, he's able to beat back the physical symptoms of his debilitating brain disease, but it comes at a cost. Kane is left with intense and uncontrollable neurological side effects. Despite the delusions, Kane breaks ground on the O'Hare Airport expansion and looks toward his next endeavor protecting and repairing his legacy. With the astute counsel of new aides Mona Fredricks ( Sanaa Lathan ) and Ian Todd ( Jonathan Groff ), he plans to remove and rebuild a long forgotten housing project, now home to gang activity and rampant corruption. Committed to his unorthodox agenda, Kane prepares to cut out the cancers within the political machine he helped build. Fully aware of Kane's illness, his wife Meredith ( Connie Nielsen ) finds herself questioning who holds the key to preserving her position of power. Meanwhile, their daughter Emma ( Hannah Ware ), who is a product of their loveless, political marriage, battles her own destructive demons. Without his longtime advisors Ezra Stone ( Martin Donovan ) and Kitty O'Neil ( Kathleen Robertson ), and his political protg Ben Zajac ( Jeff Hephner ), the odds continue to stack against him. As corrupt heads roll and his list of enemies grows, Kane's virtuous actions begin to erode the very foundation of power he's worked a lifetime to build. In order to maintain it, Kane must govern as he always has -- ruthlessly. --by Starz Publicity Season One The series follows Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr Ella Harris. Those around Kane are too busy with their own lives to notice anything unusual. Kane's marriage to his wife Meredith is nothing more than one of convenience. Kane's closest advisors, Kitty O'Neill and Ezra Stone, begin to suspect something is wrong with the Mayor but respect him too much to ask any questions, while State Treasurer Ben Zajac is too busy cultivating his political ambitions to become the next Governor of Illinois to notice anything out of the ordinary. Kane's daughter, Emma, is the only one who suspects that something is wrong with her father. But does she know enough to uncover his secret and what will it mean for his political career? from Wikipedia 