 Bachelorette (2012)55) Three friends are asked to be bridesmaids at a wedding of a woman they used to ridicule back in high school. On the night of one of their old high school friend's wedding three irresponsible and capricious bridesmaids reunite for one last bachelorette bacchanal in the Big Apple. They unintentionally create a mess of their best friend Becky's wedding dress, before she marries her sweetheart Dale. They attempt to repair the situation by spending the evening before and morning of the wedding desperate to get the dress to Becky on time before the wedding starts, whilst discovering themselves and what they truly want from their lives along the way. Angel Youles Becky summons her high-school slut friends Regan, Gena and Katie to be bridesmaids of her wedding with the handsome Dale. The trio spends one crazy night of drugs, booze, sex and confusions in New Yorkr trying to fix the wedding dress of Becky that they have torn. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Four high school friends, the B-Faces, reunite for Becky's marriage to her sweetheart, Dale, and for this reason, Regan, Gena, and Katie plan to throw a bachelorette party for the first in the gang who settles down. In other words, they are determined to party hard and have a blast, just like prom night for grown-ups. After six months of careful planning, the excited bridesmaids are now ready to set New York on fire; however, disaster strikes when the girls accidentally ruin Becky's wedding dress, triggering a series of desperate attempts to make things right while the clock is ticking. Now, as the B-Faces roam the streets of the bustling metropolis, only an epically brilliant plan can save the day. But, will they make it in time? Nick Riganas Party girls and friends as a foursome since high school in New York City, class of '99, Regan, Gena and Katie largely kept Becky, the overweight one with eating issues, around to make themselves feel better about themselves. So when Becky announces to Regan that her nice, handsome boyfriend Dale has proposed and that she wants Regan to be her maid of honor with Gena and Katie also in the wedding party, A-type Regan, the de facto leader of the four, is outwardly happy, but internally angry in believing that any of the other three, most specifically her, deserved to be the first, especially to a nice guy like Dale. Los Angeles residing Gena, whose reckless life choices are largely an outcome of "the incident" with her high school boyfriend Clyde, the two having broken up on bad terms because of it, decides to attend the wedding only in learning Clyde will also be there, Gena who plans to flaunt herself with other men in front of him. The four convene for the first time the evening before the morning wedding for both the rehearsal dinner and what Becky wants as the rather staid bachelorette party following, Katie, the underachieving one as a Gap sales clerk and who largely just sees this event as another party, having a surprise to liven up the proceedings. The three by themselves in their hotel suite at the end of the rather early evening, Regan, Gena and Katie accidentally ruin Becky's wedding dress seemingly beyond repair. While still feeling rather emotionally detached from the proceedings of the wedding, they still don't want to ruin Becky's day, they needing to have a completed solution for the dress by first thing in the morning. Their quest for a presentable wedding dress is affected by them having to deal with men in the wedding party: Trevor, the best man, is looking for a "wedding" sex partner among the attendees, Regan the one he has set his sights on; in Clyde being an obvious person who could help with the dress, Gena needs to deal with their unresolved issues in spending time with him; and "plain" Joe, another high school classmate, who has always had a crush on Katie, who in turn doesn't even really remember him, has that renewed feeling for her. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 