 Storage 24 (2012)211) In London, a military plane crashes leaving its highly classified contents strewn across the city. Completely unaware that the city is in lockdown, a group of people become trapped inside a storage facility with a highly unwelcome guest. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Storage 24 is a sci-fi horror film directed by Johannes Roberts and written by Noel Clarke and Davie Fairbanks. The story is introduced following a disaster that occurs on board a military plane. The aircraft spirals into Greater London and releases highly classified contents all over the city. The city is in panic and goes into total lockdown. However, four people are trapped inside a warehouse and are unaware of what is happening outside. Charlie (Noel Clarke) and Shelley (Antonia Campbell-Hughes), accompanied by best friends Mark (Colin ODonoghue) and Nikki (Laura Haddock), are dividing their belongings after breaking up. Charlie has just been dumped by Shelley. Friendships are divided and feelings run hot and cold. Of course, its irrelevant in the face of danger. The group is alarmed when the power goes out and they become trapped in numerous warehouse corridors. Worse yet, they are being stalked by something not human and not too friendly. The warehouse was designed as a storage facility and is designed to keep people out and things inside. The odds are stacked against the protagonists, as they struggle to survive amid very claustrophobic conditions. Along the way, David (played by Ned Dennehy) provides comic relief as a hermit bloke archetype and also sacrifices himself for the other characters. He also gets to whisper at the creature, "You're vicious, arent you. Just like my wife, my Mary!". The biggest revelation is that the creature is a vicious alien who is blood-thirsty and quite angry. It looks similar to the Predator monster, and is mostly seen in extreme close up shots. There's also an indication that it may be male, since it seems to have a strange reaction to Shelley and her long eyelashes. However, it is later revealed that the alien is most likely female, therefore making the metaphor of an ex-girlfriend ripping one's heart out into a literal act of brutality. The plot thickens when Charlie learns Mark has been having an affair with his girl all along. Relationships are one of the film's key points, as there is a speech late in the film regarding what being a man really means. The film ends with a huge amount of fireworks as the alien takes on a small toy dog who has explosives attached to it. This mirrors the beginning of the film that features a nameless dog walker (Amy Pemberton) stumbling upon the dangerous warehouse. Storage 24 was wide released January 11, 2013. 