 Joker (2012)Summaries A space scientist working on a project to communicate with aliens visits a village called Paglapur. To improve the plight of the inhabitants of Paglapur, he comes up with a novel idea. In 1947 when the maps of India and Pakistan were being drawn, an oversight ensured that the village of Paglapur didn't find a place in either country. The village had the distinction of housing the largest mental asylum in the region and in the mle that ensued during partition, the asylum inmates broke loose, drove away the villagers and established their own republic in Paglapur. And that's how it stayed for the next 60 years! While the world outside changed, Paglapur remained isolated, with no electricity, television or sanity. Now, decades after the world forgot this village, a NASA scientist of Indian origin, Agastya and his beautiful wife find themselves on the road to Paglapur. Agastya is working on a top secret project for creating a device to communicate with aliens. So why is he in a village whose colorful inhabitants include a man who speaks in gibberish, another who thinks he is a lamp post and everyone else who think Mahatma Gandhi is still around, fighting for independence? And more importantly, what are they going to do that will soon turn the universe's spotlight on this forgotten village? Production Agasthya a Nasa scientist is trying to contact with aliens when he fails frequently he is given a deadline by his seniors.He finds from his girlfriend Manali that his father isn't doing well in his village in India.Upon reaching he finds that it was a false call he decides to go back.But finds that his village Paglapur is ignored by the government since the time of partition.Agasthya meets the official to register his village in the country map but fails.Agasthya then decides to plot a story with villagers that aliens have arrived in his village which attracts many people and their village becomes a news.But his rival Simon's doubts the story and arrives in Paglapur to expose the story of fake aliens. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 