 Continuum (I) (20122015)431) A detective from the year 2077 finds herself trapped in present-day Vancouver and searching for ruthless criminals from the future. Continuum is a one-hour police drama centered on Kiera Cameron, a regular cop from 65 years in the future who finds herself trapped in present-day Vancouver. She is alone, a stranger in a strange land, and has eight of the most ruthless criminals from the future, known as Liber8, loose in the city. Lucky for Kiera, through the use of her CMR (cellular memory recall), a futuristic liquid chip technology implanted in her brain, she connects with Alec Sadler, a 17-year-old tech genius. When Kiera calls and Alec answers, a unique partnership begins. Kiera's first desire is to get "home." But until she figures out how, she must survive in our time period and use all the resources available to her to track and capture the terrorists before they alter history enough to change the course of the future. After all, what's the point of going back if the future isn't the one you left? ahmetkozan Inspector Kiera Cameron finds herself unexpectedly transported from 2077 to 2012 with eight of the world's deadliest terrorists. She takes on a new identity and joins the VPD to stop the terrorists' reign of violence. Along the way she befriends Alec Sadler, the 17-year-old who will grow up to create the technology upon which her world is built. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Vancouver British Columbia, the year is 2077, world governments have fallen and have been bought out by corporations leading to loss of privacy and basic rights. A group of fanatical terrorists, bent on getting freedom back at all costs, destroy multiple buildings killing 30,000 people while targeting 20 members of the Corporate Board. As the 7 terrorists are about to be executed they attempt an escape by being sent back in time 6 years instead being sent back 65 years to our time, 2012. Dedicated CPS Protector (future police force) Kiera Cameron (Rachel Nichols) attempts to stop their escape and gets swept away along with them. Stuck in the past and unable to get back to her husband and son, Kiera concentrates on bringing down the terrorists before they can wreak havoc in our present. Kiera receives unexpected assistance from a teen tech genius Alec Sadler (Erik Knudsen) who is well known in the year 2077 as he invented much of the technology of the age. Part of the technology Alec has invented allows him to communicate with Keira and even see through her eyes or replay events she witnessed. Impersonating a detective of the Portland Oregon police department, Kiera forms an uneasy alliance with Vancouver detective Carlos Fonnegra (Victor Webster). After an extremely violent attack on the Vancouver police headquarters by the terrorists, they are ordered to work together by the Vancouver Police Chief Dillon (Brian Markinson) to work together to stop them. 