 The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017)44) The world's top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Criminal Court. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. With his reputation in tatters after the painfully unsuccessful delivery of a distinguished Japanese client, the former triple-A protection agent, Michael Bryce, is now reduced to a mere second-class bodyguard for hire, two years after the disgraceful incident. Under those circumstances, Bryce would do anything to prove his worth, and, before long, he accepts an offer from Interpol to escort the international assassin, Darius Kincaid, from Manchester to the Hague. The task seems simple: Bryce needs to transport him from point A to point B; nevertheless, the trip to the Netherlands is long and hazardous, and Kincaid--as the only one with the guts and enough hard evidence to testify against a tyrannical Belarusian dictator--is an obvious target. Undoubtedly, it's a tough job, as the mismatched duo will have to put aside their grudges, and race against the clock in a non-stop concerto for bullets. Can the hitman's bodyguard carry through the most important mission in his career? Nick Riganas Belarussian dictator Vladislav Dukhovich is standing trial for genocide. The trial is not going well for the prosecution - their witnesses tend to turn up dead. They have one trump card though - hitman Darius Kincaid is willing to testify against Dukhovich. Interpol try to get Kincaid to the trial but after the convoy is ambushed, Interpol agent Amelia Roussel, aware that there is a Dukhovich spy in her own organisation, calls in outside help - professional bodyguard Michael Bryce. One problem - Bryce and Kincaid hate each other. grantss London elite bodyguard Michael Bryce lost his AAA status by trusting his police (now ex) lover Amelia Roussel, compromising his Japanese charge, reducing him to babysitting second rate clients. Now she works for Interpol, which needs to escort most-wanted hit-man Darius Kincaid from their Manchester HQ to The Hague, as crown witness against arrested former tyrannical White Russian president Vladislav Dukhovich, in exchange for the liberation of his dragon-bitch-wife Sonia. The armed convoy was attacked and Darius barely reached a safe-house due to an Interpol mole. Amelia promises to restore Bryce's status if he helps get Darius, who happened to eliminate the Japanese client, safely to the Interational Court. Dukhovich's hired guns spare to effort to kill them, so they must grudgingly collaborate. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 