 The Investigator (II) (2013)321) A veteran police detective becomes a criminal justice teacher and baseball coach at a local high school, leading him to the most important investigation of his life. Inspired by true events. Twenty year veteran investigator Sergeant James Buanacore ( Wade Hunt Williams ) starts the most important investigation of his life when a drug bust goes tragically bad. The death of the apparent suspect forces James out of the job he loves and into retirement. When James' wife Stephanie ( Nicole Abisinio ) has a miscarriage, he is devastated and begins to wonder about and question his previously strong faith. Depressed and angry, James isolates himself until his brother ( David Sanborn ) encourages him to take a job as a criminal justice teacher and baseball coach at a Christian high school. With his cop mentality challenging his students, James struggles through experiences with an unsupportive principal, a guidance counselor with a secret, and rebellious students. But when his best option seems to be quitting, a student challenges him to begin the investigation that will change his life, and those of his students, forever. Rich Romano Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this fact-based story, two brothers throw a baseball to each other and tease each other. One supports the Mets; the other support the Yankees. 30 years later, the boys have grown up and still support the same baseball teams. James has been a police detective for 20 years and will soon be eligible to retire. He has a son and his wife is pregnant. His brother Paul is a successful actor (James is based on the brother of Ray Romano). Paul and the parents gather at James' house for Easter. Something terrible happens and James is told he will retire, or else. And the news just gets worse. All these events in James' life cause him to lose faith. But Paul has a solution. His manager's son goes to a Christian school whose baseball coach has had to quit because of serious health problems. James interviews with the principal, who is impressed enough to hire him. The coach also taught American government but James has never taught. That's okay; there's only one quarter left. James can teach the class about criminal justice. If he does well in both jobs, he may get to come back next year. James' first day doesn't go very well. Dillon, a star football player, does not believe the rules apply to him. So he is being disrespectful to the nerdy science teacher Mr. Genaro. James punishes Dillon (who is in his class) by taking away his cell phone. He is soon set straight by Coach Howard and by the principal. James' problems continue as he meets the baseball team. They are not very good, and baseball gets no respect. Football is what brings in the big money from boosters. Some of the players don't respect James, but he informs them that will change. Genaro becomes his assistant. When the time comes to play their first game, one of the best players refuses to listen to the coach and finds himself benched, warned that if it happens again, he won't play. James also puts in the team's worst player. Things are not going well. Add to that the fact the former cop finds out about a scandal and has to investigate. If he thinks people hated him before, just wait. Eventually, at the very least, a couple of athletes who weren't showing James respect realize they need to, and something unexpected happens. In the classroom, James starts out teaching the kids about his work. Then he returns to what the class is supposed to be by explaining to the students how to study reliable sources and investigate what really happened in history. One student wonders whether Oswald really shot JFK. Later, the results of the scandal cause some students to question their faith. Other students don't believe, period. James is asked to explain why they should believe. The result is an investigation of whether Jesus really existed, and whether he died and rose from the dead. Meanwhile, James is still having problems with his baseball team. Will they turn things around and win the championship? 