 Least Among Saints (2012)321) A haunted soldier just back from war and a boy who has never known peace in his home life embark on a life-changing journey as they become unlikely friends -- and one another's last shot at redemption. Writer, director and actor Martin Papazian's debut film LEAST AMONG SAINTS movingly illustrates a man's hard-fought road towards reconciling with his better self. Coming home to a broken marriage and uncertain future, veteran Anthony Hayward (Papazian) thinks he's at the end of his rope. But when his troubled ten year-old neighbor, Wade (Tristan Lake Leabu), calls out for help, Anthony can't seem to turn away. To the dismay of the boy's embattled social worker (Laura San Giacomo), Anthony sets out on a fool's quest to help this heartbroken but hard to reach child find his long-lost father, who might not even exist. Yet in the midst of this new mission - the first that seems to matter since his return -- Anthony begins to come to grips with both the costs of war and the universal power of human connection. As the film builds to an emotional climax, Papazian finds both the gravity and the grace in ordinary, flawed characters pushed to extraordinary acts of compassion and decency. Martin Papazian Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. From Award Winning Director Martin Papazian comes this deeply personal and poignant tale about two lost souls who find hope and the ability to once again believe in forgiveness and love amidst a dangerous world both real and imagined. With blood on his hands and haunted by his past, hard-drinking, burn-out soldier Anthony Hayworth has given up on life - until he meets his scruffy next door neighbor, 10-year-old Wade. When Wades Mom dies from an over-dose, Anthony illegally adopts the boy and takes him on a journey to find his father, who doesnt exist. Wade becomes Anthonys link back to humanity and he will go to any length to shield him from the hostile outside world that seeks to separate them. 