 The Best Offer (2013)431) A lonely art expert working for a mysterious and reclusive heiress finds not only her art worth examining. In the world of high-end art auctions and antiques, Virgil Oldman is an elderly and esteemed but eccentric genius art-expert, known and appreciated by the world. Oldman is hired by a solitary young heiress, Claire Ibbetson, to auction off the large collection of art and antiques left to her by her parents. For some reason, Claire always refuses to be seen in person. Robert aids Oldman in restoring and reassembling some odd mechanical parts he finds amongst Claire's belongings, while also giving him advice on how to befriend her and deal with his feelings towards her. Also a friend of Oldman, Billy Whistler helps him to acquire a secret private collection of master paintings. Nebzyl The inscrutable lifelong bachelor and eccentric genius, Virgil Oldman, is a highly respected art connoisseur and auctioneer with a passion for selling antiques. However, his monotonous life is about to change when the agoraphobic young heiress, Claire Ibbetson, enlists his help to appraise and sell some works of art inherited from her late father. Isolated from the world, Claire instantly piques Virgil's curiosity, who, unable to resist the allure of the mysterious woman, sees his confined world transform beyond recognition. But is Virgil prepared for the hardships of love? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Virgil Oldman is an elderly, and esteemed but eccentric genius art expert, who lives in Italy; where he is always alone, known and appreciated by the world; He is an agent of high-end art auctions, and he has an incredible collection of paintings of women faces. The way Virgil collects all these paintings is by taking advantage of people who take their artworks to him to examine to see if they are originals, and to give them a price. But, Virgil lies to the people; he tells them that their artworks are fake. This with the intention of buying them later on with the help of his very good friend Billy Whistler at a very low price. One day, at his job, a lady named Claire Ibbetson calls him to know if he can go to her villa to evaluate her possessions. For some reason Claire doesn't receive him, because she has a sickness regarding a socio-affective condition. For this reason, Fred (the caretaker), is in charge to show Virgil the villa. When Virgil is in the process of evaluation of Claire belongings he finds some mysterious gears; he takes them and asks for help to his friend Robert to know if he can reassemble those old mechanical parts. Virgil and Claire are very close to each other, with the passage of time he falls in love with her, and also, he helps her with her phobia. One day she hides from him and Virgil doesn't know where she is. Virgil is so frustrated and decides to go look for her in the basement. They go to live together in Virgil's house and he shows her the big art collection. Then he goes to London to the last auction of his career. When he gets back home he finds a painting in his living room and he goes to his vault to put the painting in his collection; the surprise is that Claire stole them with the help of Billy, Robert and Fred... Written By: Jadde Josbeth Monreal Burciaga, Yaneli Alejandra Guzmn Jara, and Hansel Romn Medina 