 The Best of Me (2014)55) A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown. Amanda and Dawson are soul mates who met as teens and were from different backgrounds. But circumstances would force them to part ways. 20 years later they are brought back together by the passing of a mutual friend. So they go back home to fulfill his final wishes and they run into each other. While Amanda is married, albeit unhappily, she still has feelings for Dawson but can't forgive him for pushing her away. rcs0411@yahoo.com After 21 years, high school sweethearts Dawson and Amanda run into each other when they're both called to hear the will of a mutual friend who has passed. With Amanda now married and Dawson not sure his purpose in life, the two are distant until they realize that their feelings have not changed over the past 21 years. As soon as they rekindle their love for each other, they are pulled apart once again and tragedy strikes, drawing them apart yet also closer than ever before. Ellen Approaching forty, Dawson Cole, a Gulf coast oil rig worker who miraculously survived a recent explosion on the rig on which he was working, and Amanda Reynolds ne Collier, a housewife and mother, were high school sweethearts, they having gotten together in their senior year. Their relationship was despite the differences in their social standing, Amanda coming from an upper middle class family, and Dawson being from the backwoods, he who was physically and emotionally abused by his drug running father, Tommy Cole. After not seeing each other for twenty-one years, Dawson and Amanda are reunited in returning to their small Louisiana hometown upon the death of their mutual friend, mechanic Tuck Hostetler, at age ninety-two, he who was the father that Dawson never really had. It was due to tragic circumstances that Dawson and Amanda never stayed together past their senior year, and as such there are unresolved emotions each has about their relationship. However, them getting back together has many obstacles, most specifically in overcoming the tragedies that led to their separation, and Amanda's current marital status. Regardless of Dawson, Amanda may have already potentially left her husband, Frank Reynolds, due to his drinking and non-supportive nature, if it wasn't for their son, Jared Reynolds, who is just graduating from high school. In marrying Frank, Amanda never completed her post-secondary schooling, her dream at the time to become a lawyer. But in returning to their hometown, Dawson may be most affected by his unsavory past, which may come back to haunt him. Huggo After miraculously surviving an explosion and saving two co-workers on an oil rig, Dawson Cole is reunited as co-heir by his benefactor's last will with his true first love, Amanda Collier, and they reminisce in a flash-back structure. Dawson left home due to one dose too many gross verbal and physical abuse by his father Tommy Cole, who hates him being a good boy and model student, unlike his no-good brothers. Ran away without options, Dawson shelters for the rain in the barn of grumpy old widower Tuck, a veteran, who gradually adopts him in all but name and even wards off the Cole thugs by shotgun. Thus he's able to date properly with spoiled rich girl Amanda, who has to seduces the shy hunk but keeps prodding him to aspire a future. That path goes through college, which he can hardly afford, yet he refuse father Collier's offer to pay his way to keep away from her. Just when everything seems settled, Tommy returns to revenge his wrecked car by beating up Tuck. Amanda deputizes her gentle brother Bobby to prevent vindictive Dawson ending up in jail, but in the struggle of the Coles Bobby is accidentally killed. Jailed, Dawson breaks off contact with Alanda, who marries a careerist and devotes herself to fine son Jared, about to go to college. Their love is rekindled after spreading Tuck's ashes, but they decide not to break up her family, however unhappy the marriage. A year later, tragedy strikes in the form of another Cole revenge after Dawson rescues Bobby's son Aaron from Tommy's clutches, with a providential consolation for Amanda and a deserving innocent in dire need. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 