 Frankenstein's Army (2013)44) In the dying days of WWII, a battalion of Russian soldiers is lured into the secret lab of a deranged scientist and forced to face off against an army of horrific flesh-and-metal war machines. Toward the end of World War II, Russian soldiers pushing into eastern Germany stumble across a secret Nazi lab, one that has unearthed and begun experimenting with the journal of one Dr. Victor Frankenstein. The scientists have used the legendary Frankenstein's work to assemble an army of super-soldiers stitched together from the body parts of their fallen comrades -- a desperate Hitler's last ghastly ploy to escape defeat. Production During the World War II, a Russian troop in Germany receives a distress call in the radio from a group of Russian soldiers under siege by the Germans with the respective coordinates. The leader Sergeant Novikov decides to seek out the soldiers through the countryside of Germany. The soldier Dimitri is filming the troop to make a documentary and while they walk, they find weird bodies, slaughtered nuns in a convent burnt to the ground and open graves in a cemetery. They arrive at a deserted church where they meet a lethal army of undead with implanted weapons and tools. Soon they learn that the deranged but brilliant grandson of Dr. Viktor Frankenstein with the same name has a secret laboratory in the church and is responsible for those monstrosities. Further, they discover that their troop has been secretly assigned by the government to find and kill or bring the mad scientist to Moscow. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the waning days of World War II, Dimitri, a Red Army documentarian, and a small team of brothers-in-arms come across a bizarre Nazi laboratory run by the mad scientist Viktor: a direct descendant of the notorious Dr Frankenstein. But, there, in the dark dungeon rife with abominable, flesh-and-metal hybrids, no one is safe. Is there an escape from Adolf Hitler 's plan for world domination and the deadly Zom-bot trap? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 