 The Angels' Share (2012)44) Narrowly avoiding jail, new dad Robbie vows to turn over a new leaf. A visit to a whisky distillery inspires him and his mates to seek a way out of their hopeless lives. This bitter sweet comedy follows protagonist Robbie as he sneaks into the maternity hospital to visit his young girlfriend Leonie and hold his newborn son Luke for the first time. Overwhelmed by the moment, he swears that Luke will not have the same tragic life he has had. Escaping a prison sentence by the skin of his teeth, he's given one last chance......While serving a community service order, he meets Rhino, Albert and Mo who, like him, find it impossible to find work because of their criminal records. Little did Robbie imagine how turning to drink might change their lives - not cheap fortified wine, but the best malt whiskies in the world. Will it be 'slopping out' for the next twenty years, or a new future with 'Uisge Beatha' the 'Water of Life?' Only the angels know........ Rebecca O'Brien, producer Before a lenient Glasgow City Court Judge, the young offender, Robbie, promises to go straight--not only for his own good but also for the sake of his pregnant partner, Leonie. Sentenced to community service along with the equally young lawbreakers, Mo, Rhino, and Albert, this motley crew of misfits supervised by the kindly whiskey connoisseur, Harry, will be introduced to the fragrant world of scotch, where, unexpectedly, Robbie finds out that he has a nose for expensive malts. But, can this newfound hobby get Robbie off the hook to turn his life around? Nick Riganas In Glasgow, Robbie Emerson has had a thus far troubled, short life, and with the exception of the one incident, albeit extremely violent, that has him in front of a judge once again, he seems to have been trying to get his life on track, that time coinciding with the discovery that his girlfriend, Leonie, will within days give birth to their baby. That latter information is just enough for the judge to sentence him to three hundred hours of community payback rather than to custodial service. Regardless of Robbie's determination to go on the straight and narrow for the sake of his baby, others don't want to see him succeed, such as Leonie's father who wants him out of her life, his latest victim and his family, the victim who has suffered permanent physical damage, and a number of his long term adversaries, who see him as a target as long as he is not in custody. In addition, Leonie has a one strike policy for Robbie in wanting him part of their life but not at any cost. Through this time, he befriends a number of his fellow community paybackers - most specifically Albert, Rhino and Mo - who, unlike him, are/were proverbial losers in their choices that got them to this point in their life. Robbie is also mentored by Harry, who is overseeing most of their collective community payback, and who does whatever he can to ensure that Robbie has the opportunities to make it out the other end a productive member of society. It is in Harry being a whiskey aficionado that they all learn that Robbie has an extremely keen palate when it comes to whiskey. While Robbie is close to being sucked back into a life of crime and violence at the hands of those against him, he begins to believe his best option for coming out in tact with Leonie and their baby revolves around Thaddeus, a whiskey collector he meets, and learning of the discovery of a rare cask of "priceless" whiskey that will soon be coming up for auction. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 