 Kiss of the Damned (2012)431) The vampire Djuna resists the advances of Paolo, but soon gives in to their passion. When her trouble-making sister unexpectedly comes to visit, Djuna's love is threatened, and the whole vampire community becomes endangered. In the countryside near to New York, Djuna lives alone with her housemaid Irene in a manor that belongs to her friend Xenia. When she meets the screenwriter Paolo at a video rental store, they immediately fall in love with each other. However, Djuna discloses to Paolo that she is a vampire and while making love, she turns him into one. Paolo moves to her house and they happily live together. Out of the blue, her wicked and troublemaker sister Mimi appears to stay for a week with them, turning their lives upside-down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Perpetually grappling with the insatiable thirst for warm, bright-red human blood, Djuna, an eternal female vampire, experiences a spontaneous overflow of long-forgotten, spine-tingling emotions during a late-night visit at a video store. Attracted to the gentle, sanguine warmth of Paolo, an unsuspecting young screenwriter, eventually, the flaming copper-haired seductress chooses love over death. However, as the beautiful, blissful couple cherishes a new beginning and a promising eternity, the sudden arrival of Djuna's unstable, manipulative and blood-addicted sister, Mimi, threatens not only the lovers' newfound happiness but also the future of the entire vampire community. How sweet and dangerous is the passionate kiss of the damned? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Story centers around two beautiful French vampire sisters who have separately come to stay at a summer estate -- a 'safe house' in Connecticut. Ventimiglia plays a screenwriter who begins a love affair with the "good" sister and insists on joining her among the undead. However, after they begin their life together, the other "bad" sister (Mesquida) shows up and begins wreaking havoc almost as soon as she arrives. Slowly, her dark presence threatens to destroy them all. 