 Tu cara me suena (2011 )321) Celebrities mimic celebrities. In this game show, eight assorted celebrities (actors, models, hosts, singers, etc.) are selected to mimic famous singers, from Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley to Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber. Each performance is preceded by footage of the contestant training with his/her coaches in dance and music and being interviewed by the show's host. Carefully examined by a jury of four, the contestants receive from 4 to 12 points (but 11) according to each one's live performance and the quality of their imitation. Additional to the points granted by each jury member, the contestants are given 5 points among themselves. The points are scored in a ranking; the one with the highest score wins. Finally, the points of each show are added in a general ranking to determine the winner of the season in the 10th and last show. The prize in each show are 3,000 EUR (3,800 $) that the winner donates to a NGO (Non-Governmental Organization) of his/her choice. Chockys Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tu cara me suena (Your Face Sounds Familiar) is a talent competition that pushes a group celebrities to take on a new identity every week as an iconic music performer. Eight celebrities battle it out on stage to perform as a different iconic musical artist every week. They are competing to win the top cash prize for their charity. The performances are voted by a panel of judges and competing celebrities. Points are earned based on singing, style, believability, etc. There are no eliminations. The judges determine the most points, but the celebrities can also add an addition five points to their favorite competitor. The scores are tallied in each show, ranking the contestants from first to last. The winner of each show earns 3,000 in cash for his charity. After each performance, the celebrities must choose who they will impersonate the following week. The selection is made with a buzzer and a giant screen that displays multiple images of different singers in rapid succession. Once the celebrity presses the buzzer, the images stop and the selection is made. The image could be of an artist who is foreign, much older/younger, or even of the opposite sex. To help the celebrities bring their A-game to the stage, a team of top stylist, singing, dancing and acting coaches are available to prep them before every performance. The one with the most points at the end of the series receives the top prize of 30,000 for his charity. 