 Britney Spears: Criminal (2011 Video)321) Britney Spears music video for her hit single "Criminal". After getting beat up by her obnoxious rich-guy boyfriend at a swanky party, Britney chooses to go with a rough criminal who came to her rescue, and together, a la Bonnie and Clyde, they rob a store, get pursued, and cornered, by the police, but miraculously, inexplicably, survive a hail of bullets while locked in a passionate embrace, racing away afterward. RavenGlamDVDCollector, ElectricLadyLand Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At a swanky party, all chandeliers and fancy dress, Britney's privileged, rich-guy boyfriend shows his true colors by deriding her, for looking bored, in public, there on the dancefloor.. Humiliated, she rushes herself off for a pitstop to the bathroom. As she returns, he is chatting up another girl (fringe hairstyle young fox Carmelle Rudder ). She retaliates by making a snide comment likening this rival to a prostitute. "So you're not working the street corner tonight, I see?" This earns her a punch from her irate boyfriend as soon as he gets her aside. From the shadows, a vengeful outsider appears, smacking down the undeserving boyfriend, giving him his just desserts. From here on, she becomes this guy's girlfriend. On the back of his motorcycle, zooming down a tunnel, "Mama, I'm in love with a criminal..." In bed with her hunky boyfriend. Lingerie, wispy, revealing, she is hot, and loves to show off for us. He introduces her to handling a firearm. "He is a killer with a gun, gun, gun..." And she is the one smuggling the pistol into the store that they hold up together, a la Bonnie and Clyde. "Mama, please don't cry, I will be alright..." Getaway car, post-victory sex. Inevitably, the police catches up with them, the force close in, and there is a hail of bullets while the two of them embrace. Inexplicably, they do survive, and are seen racing away, fleeing on his motorcycle. The commanding police officer lamely snarls "The suspects have left the building." No doubt towards another steamy, passionate encounter. "Mama, I'm in love with a criminal..." 