 Interview with a Hitman (2012)Summaries An elite hitman returns to erase his past only to find that somebody has messed with his future. Trust No one. Feel nothing. Never lose: this is the mantra that has helped a ruthless Eastern European assassin rise to the pinnacle of his profession. Raised in the harsh slums of Romania, Victor knows the value of life more than most, which makes him the perfect killer. But after being betrayed by the very men who made him, he must fake his own death and escape to London. Here he joins a new gangster family and finds his rules are again put to the test in the midst of a vicious underworld power struggle. Viktor is now better, faster and more ruthless than ever before. With the secrets of his past refusing to fade away, an encounter with a dark beauty turns his world on its head and offers him the chance for a new life. But can he ever escape the existence he was born into? It is not long before a deadly threat from a past he thought long buried surfaces and he is forced to change his path. It is time to face that which cannot be forgotten. KFD In England, the professional assassin Viktor tells the story of his life to a filmmaker since he was a bullied boy in the outskirt of Bucharest, Romania. His father owes money to the mafia and is threatened by enforcers. Viktor seeks a job with the mobster Sergei to make money but not to pay his father's debt. Soon his father is murdered by the mafia and Viktor is assigned to collect money from a man. Viktor kills the man and his wife and when he is ready to kill the two daughters, Sergei arrives and moves him to the city. Viktor learns how to become a cold blooded and cruel hit man from Sergei and works for the Romanian kingpin, Traficant. During a drug purchase, the reckless son of Traficant, Franco, kills the son of another mafia lord and Sergei is assigned to kill Viktor to cover up Franco's murder. However Viktor kills Sergei, simulates his own death and flees to London. Soon he is hired by a powerful mafia kingpin and Viktor saves a woman, Bethesda, who was going to be raped by a gang in a coffee shop. She seduces him and they fall in love with each other. Sometime later, she is pregnant and Viktor decides to retire after resolving some loose ends in Romania. Then Viktor tells the filmmaker that Bethesda wants to meet him. What is the reason for the encounter? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 