 The Man from the Future (2011)431) Zero is a brilliant scientist. However, 20 years ago, he was publicly humiliated when he lost Helena, the love of his life. One day, an accidental experience with one of his inventions causes him to travel back in time to 1991. Having taken the opportunity to change history, Zero returns to own time to find totally changed. Leonardo Letaif In Rio de Janeiro, scientist and physics professor Joo "Zero" Henrique is doing research an alternative source of power. His wealthy friend, has sponsored his research and his best friend Otvio's helped him.Zero's been a bitter and frustrated since he was humiliated in public by his sweetheart Helena. One day, Zero decides to test his time machine and he accidentally travels to 22 November 1991, the day which changed his life with the embarrassment in public. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Zero is a scientist disappointed with life, whose last invention took him back to the past, giving him the chance to remake his life. Back in college, he meets Helena, his passion, but ends up interfering in future events. Now, Zero needs to fix the future without losing Helena again. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2011, Joo, also called Zero (Wagner Moura), is a brilliant physicist, but he spends his days deploring on the fateful night of twenty years earlier, when he was publicly betrayed and humiliated at a college party by his girlfriend, Helena (Alinne Moraes). Although he is directing one of the largest scientific projects in Brazil, his eccentricities and stubbornness leave him at risk of being fired by his college colleague and current sponsor, Sandra (Maria Luiza Mendona). Aided by his best friend - and also a scientist - Otvio "Panda" (Fernando Ceylo), Zero activates the unfinished machine he developed to guarantee durable energy, as well as a new sustainable energy source for humanity. To his surprise, the reaction caused by the machine proves that he is capable of opening a bridge to the past, taking him back to 1991, in the middle of that traumatic night when the beautiful Helena left him by the popular playboy Ricardo (Gabriel Braga Nunes). Then, he sees that changing the facts can be more difficult and confusing than it seems, returning to an altered present, Zero discovers that his younger version used his knowledge about the future to become a powerful and corrupt businessman, even more so separated from Helena. From the discoveries of the new future, he realizes that his only way out will be to return to the past once again and prevent himself from altering the present by trying to avoid paradoxes of time caused by the presence of three versions of himself in 1991. 