 Cracked (20132014)44) Follows teams of cops and psychiatric professionals who make up the Psych Crimes and Crisis unit. After an embarrassing and public breakdown, Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) is reassigned from his beloved SWAT team to the newly created Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit. There, he's dismayed to find his partner is not another cop, but forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Daniella Ridley (Stefanie von Pfetten). The unit also includes Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa d'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), with Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc) keeping a close watch over the unique partnerships. Passionate and opposing viewpoints are an inherent part of the job in Psych Crimes, and the answers the teams seek never come easy. Aidan's deep insight and investigative skills combine brilliantly with Daniella's keen ability to decipher human behaviour. Learning to work cohesively, the Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit investigates city's most troubling and psychologically complex crimes. Whether or not the unit is still around in a few months... is completely up to them. Anonymous Psych Crimes and Crises is a Toronto Police Department unit overseen by Inspector Diane Caligra, and created by her and psychiatrist Dr. Daniella Ridley. The unit is to investigate cases that have a prevalent mental health component, and is comprised of police detectives and mental health professionals like Daniella, who is the unit's lead in that capacity. Among the former is Detective Aidan Black, a long term police detective who Caligra considers one of her best. However Aidan being part of the unit is not an obvious fit. Caligra gave him this assignment following one in SWAT, as she feels he may be going through some emotional trauma of his own based on a few on the job incidents. So Daniella may be doing double duty in working their official cases, while also watching over Aidan's mental state. And Aidan has to concern himself with Daniella being involved with police maneuvers with which she has no experience or training, both for the safety of the people involved as well as her own. Huggo Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) and the Psych Crimes team are assigned a new unit psychiatrist, Dr. Clara Malone (Brooke Nevin). Together with Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa D'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), they are tasked with solving the most puzzling and problematic cases the city has to offer. Under the leadership of Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc), the Psych Crimes unit navigates the mental health issues suffered by people whose lives are impacted by crime, be they witness, victim or perpetrator. Aidan and Clara are both accustomed to operating outside the normal perimeters of their respective professions, and need to learn to trust each other in order to succeed in the face of overwhelming adversity. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 