 13 Sins (2014)44) A cryptic phone call sets off a dangerous game of risks for Elliot, a down-on-his-luck salesman. The game promises increasing rewards for completing 13 tasks, each more sinister than the last. In New Orleans, the salesman Elliot Brindle is full of debts and expecting a promotion to get married with his girlfriend Shelby that is pregnant. However his unethical chief fires him and Elliot is desperate since he supports his intellectually disabled brother Michael Brindle with his health insurance. He reaches the rock bottom when his estranged racist father tells that he is going to live with him. Out of the blue, Elliot receives a phone call and a stranger invites him to participate in a game where he may win a large amount and become a millionaire provided he accomplishes thirteen tasks. Initially the skeptical Elliot needs to kill a fly and then eat it. After each task, Elliot finds the promised deposit in his bank account. He decides to accept the invitation, and the tasks become aggressive, gruesome, brutal and offensive. When Elliot decides to quit the game, he realizes that there is no return for him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Going nowhere fast, Elliot Brindle, a bright, meek salesman, is drowning in debt. Unable to make ends meet, let alone marry the love of his life, Elliot receives an unexpected phone call from a stranger, informing him that he's on a hidden camera game show where he must execute thirteen tasks to receive an immense financial reward. Reluctantly, Elliot decides to give it a go and accepts the first relatively easy and seemingly innocuous challenge: kill a fly. Now, even though cash starts flowing in his bank account, Elliot finds himself trapped in the elaborately devised plan of the unseen masterminds behind the sinister game. Little by little, as Elliot's need to complete the game escalates, the tasks grow more extreme, to a devastating point of no return. Is there an escape from the 13 sins? Nick Riganas You don't play the game. It plays you. Drowning in debt as he's about to get married, a bright but meek salesman receives a mysterious phone call informing him that he's on a hidden-camera game show where he must execute 13 tasks to receive a multi-million dollar cash prize. purstris It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 