 A Dark Truth (2012)Summaries A former CIA operative turned political talk show host is hired by a disaffected corporate shareholder to expose her company's cover-up of an incident and deaths in an Ecuadorian village. A large international water purification company has a major filtration system malfunction in Ecuador, South America resulting in a typhoid breakout in the town. Government security forces move in and shoot the villagers to prevent the information getting out and spoiling the next big deal the company is working on in South Africa. Morgan Swinton, the daughter in the family controlled business discovers what is happening and hires an ex-CIA agent, Jack Begosian, to go down and get the information on what is really happening. The company's security force, working with the brother, are overly aggressive and have secretive special handling resources to deal with the woman, her contract investigator and the witnesses from the village that survived to prevent anything impacting the pending closure of the next multi-million dollar deal. There are homicides, suicides, double crosses and lots of gratuitous violence before the truth gets told. Prairiekid Jack Begosian is a former CIA agent who worked largely in South America, he now the host of "The Truth", a Toronto-based radio talk/call-in show primarily discussing geopolitically driven social issues. On bad terms, he, not proud of many of the things he did in his past professional life, and the CIA split due to growing philosophical differences, which has also led to him and his family living off the grid in the country. He is approached by Morgan Swinton, the daughter of the founder of Clearbec, within their core business being water purification projects in third world countries. While major shareholder Morgan largely handles the "ribbon cutting" and other similar type functions for the company, her brother, Bruce Swinton, is now the company CEO. She has been provided unverified and thus unsubstantiated evidence that their water purification system in Tayca, Ecuador led to a typhus outbreak, and that a genocide has since occurred in Tayca, most-likely tied to what happened with the water. She hires a somewhat reluctant Jack to go to Ecuador to discover the truth. If Jack is able to discover what is happening, he will find that a social activist, Francisco Francis - those against him calling him a terrorist - is the key to bringing the truth to light, which makes Jack's task potentially more difficult in his and Francisco's history, which Francisco himself is yet unaware. The truth is that Clearbec not only controlled all aspects of the water in Tayca, including making it illegal for citizens to collect rainwater, but that the water purification system did fail, with Bruce orchestrating the military-led genocide to cover up the company's failings in the matter. Bruce's actions not only place Jack, Francisco and his family's lives at further risk, but also that of Morgan as Bruce tries to protect his, also meaning the company's, interests, especially as he is trying to close another deal in South Africa. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 