 What Richard Did (2012)431) A promising young man about to start university suddenly throws his life into uncertainty when he accidentally commits a serious crime. What Richard Did follows Richard Karlsen, golden-boy athlete and undisputed alpha-male of his privileged set of South Dublin teenagers, through the summer between the end of school and the beginning of university. The world is bright and everything seems possible, until in one summer night Richard does something that destroys it all and shatters the lives of the people closest to him. What Richard Did is a quietly devastating study of a boy confronting the gap between who he thought he was and who he proves to be. Calum Young The world is seemingly Richard's oyster. Living in Dublin, he, 18 years old, has just graduated from high school. He is bright and has a strong and loyal network of family and friends, including fellow members of the team on which he plays rugby. He is largely seen as the voice of reason among his social circle, especially by those younger than he; they look up to and respect him. It's the summer, the fall when he and his high school friends will part ways to start the next phase of their lives. But this summer is all about being carefree and having fun, often hanging out at the beach near his parent's Wicklow recreational home. Part of that fun for Richard is embarking on a relationship with Lara, who is new to the area. When Richard and Lara's relationship becomes one of unspoken exclusivity, Lara breaks up with her boyfriend, Conor, one of Richard's rugby teammates. On the outside grounds of a house party which Richard and his friends attend, Richard, fueled on excessive alcohol and angered over a specific situation, initiates an incident which has tragic results. That incident is witnessed only by three people, arguably Richard's closest friends. They, but most specifically Richard, have to decide what to do, telling the truth by confessing their involvement being the right thing, but which would arguably ruin the "pearl" life that the world has mapped out for Richard. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. What Richard Did follows Richard Karlsen, golden-boy athlete and undisputed alpha-male of his privileged set of South Dublin teenagers, through the summer between the end of school and the beginning of university. The world is bright and everything seems possible, until in one summer night Richard does something that destroys it all and shatters the lives of the people closest to him. 