 Beauty and the Beast (20122016)321) A beautiful detective falls in love with an ex-soldier who goes into hiding from the secret government organization that turned him into a mechanically charged beast. Detective Catherine Chandler (Kristin Kreuk), shaken to the core over the fact that everything she thought she knew about her life has been a lie, is determined to get answers to the secrets that have been revealed about her family. Cat must also try to navigate her evolving relationship with handsome doctor Vincent Keller (Jay Ryan), who struggles with becoming a terrifying beast when he is enraged, unable to control his super-strength and heightened senses. Cat and Vincent continue to grapple with the desire to be a normal couple while trying to keep a low profile in order to stay one step ahead of the mysterious organization known as Muirfield, now on the hunt for both of them. Official site Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A modern day re-telling of the Beauty and Beast fairy tale, this re imagination of the original uses military medical experimentation to create the "Beast" (Vincent Keller) with the down side of there being no "Magic Cure" to resolve what's been done to him. The Beauty (Catherine Chandler) is tied to the beast via her mother, the scientist involved in the experiments done to these soldiers. Vincent Keller, the beast, is in hiding for the past 10 years from the corporation tied to the government responsible for the experiments, and fears that he, like most of his brethren, will be killed if they find him. Catherine Chandler is a sharp, confident woman studying to become a lawyer when we first meet her only to later become a homicide detective after her mother was murdered in front of her. This is her first encounter with the Beast as he saves her from her mother's assassins. The show has been reworked and is no longer "procedural" based, it now focuses on the relationship of its leading couple with the trials & tribulations they now face as the corporation continues to hunt Vincent. 