 The Pretty One (2013)Summaries A tragedy presents Laurel with the chance to reinvent herself as her idolized twin sister, Audrey. As she eases into the life she has always wanted, she must decide between continuing the lie or revealing herself as the perfect fraud. When an eccentric and insecure young woman is mistaken for her dead identical twin, she seizes the chance to leave her pathetic existence behind and assume her sister's life. Through this absurd masquerade as "the pretty one" she finally learns to value her own identity anonymous Beyond being identical twins and each caring more for the other than anyone else, Audrey and Laurel are vastly different. Audrey, who long moved to the city following the death of their mother, is the extroverted, confident one, she working as a real estate agent for a company specializing in "storybook" properties. Laurel, who still lives at home in their small hometown with their father Frank and his current girlfriend May, is the friendless, shy one, working as an artist in Frank's art reproduction company. She has used Frank needing her - she largely replacing their mother's place in his life - as an excuse for staying at home. On Audrey's most recent trip home, she and Laurel are involved in a head-on collision which claims Audrey's life. Due to circumstances, people not only assume that it was Laurel that had died, but Laurel decides to assume Audrey's life in the city despite she really knowing nothing about that life. She not only has to manage her way through Audrey's work, but also deal with the people in her personal life, including Audrey's boyfriend Charles, Audrey's best friend Claudia who also works at the same real estate company, and Audrey's tenant Basel, an online bookseller who lives in the other half of the duplex Audrey owns. Laurel tries to find her own voice in being Audrey, which places her in a difficult position as others around her view her as Audrey and not Laurel. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 