 Vishwaroopam (2013)431) When a classical dancer's suspecting wife sets an investigator behind him, a series of violent events are triggered, revealing his real identity and connection to a darker world. Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. She hires a detective to keep a watch on her husband, who apparently ends up in a wrong place that reveals Vishwanathan's true identity. Sharath Chandra Viswanath is a Kathak teacher whose always under estimated by his wife Nirupama.who has attraction towards her boss.She doubts about her husband that he is not whom he claims to be and hires a spy behind him.The spy gets killed by Mukhtar an henchmen of Omar who heads terrorist organization and planning nuclear attack in New York.Viswanath and Nirupama are held captive by Omar's men and she is shocked to see Vishwanath fight against all men.He revels his true identity that he is Wisam Kashmiri a Raw Agent.Where he and his team are working secretly to nab sleeper head cell of terrorist organization. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A mysterious man at a pigeon shelter feeds his pigeons and sets one free. The pigeon flies to the window where nuclear oncologist Dr. Nirupama is in a therapy session as suggested by her friend Bindu. The therapist learns from her that she's unhappy with marriage to her uninteresting and bland husband Vishwanath, who is a dance teacher. Nirupama has recently been in a relationship with her boss Depak, which although having feelings for him also feels guilty about betraying Vishwanath. For this reason under Bindu's advice, she hires a detective named Peter to spy on Viswhanath and find out if he too is having some kind of affair or something else to hide in order to ease her guilt. One night, Vishwanath invites his student Ashmitha Subramaniam, his uncle Jagganath, and his and Jagganath's close friend John Dawkins to brief an unknown mission. Viswhanath confirms that he's somehow aware of Nirupama's affair with Deepak and pretends not to know. Nirupama stays with Deepak at the office late that night and helps him stock up money in his safe, which also contains a gun and thus suggesting caution in his surroundings. The next day Vishwanath and his group do surveillance in the city and Peter follows him after he prays in an Islamic worship place, and the detective discloses this to Nirupama telling him that her husband has hidden his true religion as a Muslim. Viswhanath looses Peter at a trailer complex where he crosses paths with Farukh, a man whom Vishwanath has been tracking for reasons unknown. Farukh becomes suspicious of Peter and kills him. He informs his higher authority Salim, a close friend and partner to the faction's leader Omar Quereshi. They find Peter's diary with information on his clients including Nirupama and that she works for Deepak. Deepak, as instructed by his associates Omar, Salim and Farukh, confronts Nirupama about why she supposedly sent the detective to Farukh. Peter is announced as a murder victim on the news on that night and both Nirupama and Deepak believe Vishwanath has something to do with it, as well as the fact that he lost Peter at the trailer and has hidden that he's Islamic. Deepak calls Farukh and they abduct the couple and take them to a warehouse. Farukh interrogates Vishwanath and demands to know who he is and why he ventured to the trailer park. Vishwanath is uncooperative and seemingly ignorant of the situation, leading to him getting beaten. Under Omar's suspicion and order, Farukh murders Deepak and wonders who Vishwanath really is after Omar seemingly recognizes him from his haunted past. Vishwanath begs Farukh a chance to pray and tricks him into unbinding his hands. Moments after Vishwanath is freed, he gets up and brutally slaughters all the soldiers in the warehouse including Farukh. He and Nirupama escape before Omar and Salim arrive. When the two do arrive, Salim wonders how Vishwanath was possibly able to defeat so many men, and Omar reminds him that he once trained alongside them in the Al Qaeda which Salim remembers. Vishwanath's real name is Wisam Ahmed Kashmiri, an apparent fugitive and traitor of the Indian army who is revered in his fighting skill and persistence and comes to serve as a jihadi under Omar. He becomes close friends with Omar and Salim in Afghanistan at the time and is introduced to the ways of his people, including their dedication to war and the hardships they and their families face during it. He gets to know Omar's family and friends, including the village leader Nasser and a young fellow jihadi Mammu. He also gets to know Kadhija, Omar's wife and Omar's son Nasser(same name as the village leader). Wisam mentors many soldiers and trains them to their extent. Along the way he realizes that families of the soldiers in the group cannot live their lives normally under constant pressure to serve Al Qaeda's cause and attacks by American fronts in the nation. Nasser, Omar's son, wishes to become a doctor inspired by Dr. Glara, who helped Kadhija get better from asthma. Similarly Omar's friend's son Jalal desires to learn engineering and Omar is disappointed in both for having different aspirations than serving Allah. After developing connections to the village, Wisam also comes to know that American forces have been threatening Omar's territory in search of American war hostages that he's keeping. Wisam sees up close the brutality of the soldiers when they murder one of the prisinors. A neighboring village is bombed for it and Omar retaliates by sending Mammu in guise of a woman, carrying bombs to the nearby military base. Mammu kills himself destroying the base, burdening Wisam once more with seeing a young man's life taken. The leaders of the warrior band meet the merchant Thawveeq, a trusted merchant and supplier and good friend of Omar. Thawveeq becomes acquainted with Wisam and gifts him imported opium which he puts away. The next day, Omar, Salim, and Wisam visit Osama Bin Ladin in his hiding place under the village, and at that moment the Americans attack the village. During that time Wisam also meets Munavar who is a spy for the group in Pakistan. The soldiers including head Nasser, Omar, Wisam, and Salim retaliate and fail to defend the civilians from the bombings. The house holding many of them including Jalal, Kadhija, and Nasser(Omar's son) get bombed and the soldiers retreat from the village leaving Wisam behind, who offers to stay behind and see whom he can help. The village leader Nasser also perishes in the attack leading to Omar having to take charge of what remains in the village. In the present, Wisam, Ashmita, Jaganath, and Dawkins preserve their pasts and try to clear confusion to Nirupama. They destroy information devices and drives and evacuate the house when the F.B.I attempts to apprehend them as tipped by Omar for Wisam's history and contribution to the warehouse attacks. Wisam, with little patience has his three friends, sans Dawkins make way to the city to escape the police. Dawkins is sent separately to take guise of Munavar who is tasked to go to an antique shop in order to recover record tapes and prints about a powerful cesium bomb that needs to be planted in the city. Captain Tom Black of the F.B.I arrests Wisam, Nirupama, and Ashmita when they head to the oncology research office. But just before, they find out that Deepak has been supplying Omar and his men with cesium weapons to fulfill their task in a serial bombing in New York. A flashback is seen after Nirupama question's Wisam's past in which it's revealed that Wisam was given a tracking device to lead American forces to Omar's village, thus leading to the air assault. However, Wisam's partner Imtiaz who is also undercover fails to remove it from Thwaveeq's bag where it was placed, leading to him being framed as a spy and beaten and executed, much to Wisam's regret. In the present, the characters confirm that many jihadis including Omar are injured and sick from handling cesium with their bare hands without care. Some patients were resting in the warehouse where they plot to commit a suicide bombing. Wisam, Nirupama, and Ashmita are interrogated by the police who give them a hard time believing they're working with the jihadis, but Jagganath confirms to the leader of the Indian embassy that Wisam is an undercover agent and Tom apologizes. Wisam helps Tom evacuate a school near the warehouse just before the cesium victims bomb the complex, and another bombing takes place at the apartment Omar lived in to divert the police's attention away from a stronger bomb in the middle of the city. As per a plan Omar discussed years prior when Wisam served the Al Qaeda, he attaches pills of cesium to the city's pigeons, killing them and sending radiation detectors haywire. Wisam and Nirupama trace a forgien supply of cesium weaponry to Abasi, a Nigerian customer who works for Omar. Abasi stations himself in an abandoned apartment with a powerful cesium bomb and the F.B.I stake out the complex. They silently infiltrate the building and shoot Abasi before he activates the bomb on Salim's command. Dawkins has obtained the files about the bomb before Munavar but Salim intercepts him and kills him in central park, and he and Omar having finished their work fly to India. Nirupama's knowledge of the bomb allows the police to use a microwave to shield incoming radio waves to prevent cellular detonation. Omar attempts to contact Abasi but Wisam responds on the phone that his plan has failed, leaving Omar and Salim shocked. Wisam is congratulated by the embassy in his work in Afghanistan and ending the assault on New York, and Nirupama believes the battle has been won. But Wisam claims that the war is between him and Omar and one of them must die for that to be true, and the group heads to confront him in India. 