 Walking on Sunshine (2014)321) Set to the music of popular hit songs from the 1980s. A beautiful coastal village, present day Italy. After a whirlwind romance, Maddie is preparing to marry gorgeous Italian Raf, and has invited her sister Taylor to the wedding. Unbeknownst to Maddie, however, Raf is Taylor's ex-holiday flame, and the love of her life... By: Vertigo Films Vertigo Films Taylor fell in love with hottie Raf while on holiday in Puglia, Italy but, despite his entreaties to stay, she left to go to university. On graduating three years later, she returns to Perugia to holiday with her sister Maddie who is already there (they had decided on Puglia because it meant to much to Taylor). Maddie, who has a history of relationships with unsatisfactory men, announces that she has had a whirlwind engagement and is about to get married in two days. neil-476 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Puglia, Italy. Taylor - who is about to start university, is with her boyfriend, Raf. Raf wants Taylor to stay, but Taylor wishes to start her "real life". Three years later, Taylor goes on ("Holiday"). Her sister Maddie and their friend Lil went there before upon Taylor's instruction to get over a break-up with Maddie's boyfriend Doug. Maddie also reveals she is getting married in two days, which shocks Taylor ("Venus"). Lil reveals that Taylor had a boyfriend in Apulia on her holiday three years ago. Taylor then goes down to the beach. She is reunited with Elena Enrico, Mikey. Taylor sees Raf ("How Will I Know?") before falling right in front of him. Maddie runs over revealing that Raf is Maddie's fianc. Raf, Elena, Mikey, and Enrico are all very surprised Maddie and Taylor are sisters as they don't think they have anything in common. Taylor pretends she doesn't know them. The group attends a dinner, where Maddie makes a speech ("The Power of Love"). Taylor goes to the bar and Raf follows. Doug turns up and surprises Maddie at the market ("Don't You Want Me"). she agrees to have dinner with him before her hen party as a "final farewell".The others take Taylor to the tomato festival ("Walking on Sunshine"). The sun is setting ("Eternal Flame"). The girls go out on the hen night, dressed up ("Girls Just Wanna Have Fun"); the boys do the same ("The Wild Boys"). Taylor leaves the nightclub that the girls are visiting, and sings ("It Must Have Been Love"). Maddie goes back to her bedroom where Doug is waiting, pretending she is going to have sex with him ("Faith"); The cast congregates at the church ("White Wedding"). At the altar, the priest asks if anybody objects to Raf and Maddie's marriage, to which Doug stands up, but Maddie tells him to sit down. Maddie then surprises everyone, telling Raf she is in love with love itself rather than him specifically and that he deserves better. Raf leaves the church but Taylor pursues him to apologize ("If I Could Turn Back Time"). The entire cast then perform "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" and the film ends. 