 Raaz 3 (2012)321) When an ingnue's sudden popularity threatens to shove her out of the spotlight, a movie star uses black magic in an attempt to derail her career. The story revolves around Shanaya (Bipasha Basu), an actress at the height of her success. She gets offered the best roles and wins all the awards she's nominated for. In addition, she also has a passionate affair with a handsome director named Aditya (Emraan Hashmi). This all ends when a younger actress, Sanjana (Esha Gupta) makes her film debut. Suddenly, Shanaya seems forgotten and everybody only wants to work with Sanjana. Soon enough, Aditya also leaves Shanaya for Sanjana, and Shanaya sees her career fading away and she slowly becomes crazy. She begins to turn to black magic and makes it her goal in life to destroy Sanjana and get back the man she loves, Aditya. Raaz3 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Movie is on Jealousy and what an Human do for success. In India it's common every where as every family and homes suffering from this. Lots of people are victim of black magic in India . Marriages and Jobs are effected. The story touches the secrets of Indian Society. Only difference in Movies is Sanaya Plays Role of jealous and insecure woman who gets the help of Magic power and Doctor who plays a role to heal Sanjana from these curse. The story starts with Shanaya(Bipasha Basu)a once successful actress now on the decline of her career, laughing hysterically while looking herself in a mirror. She then smashes the mirror and kills herself with its broken piece. The film then goes in the flashback, Shanaya Kejal an actress filming for her film. She constantly gets appreciated by her fellow mates, especially by the director, her boyfriend Aditya(Emraan Hashmi). She gets nominated her wins all the filmfare awards. Shanaya is madly in love with Aditya and urges him to marry her as soon as possible. Aditya, still a struggling director, says that once his film becomes a hit he will marry her. Everything goes smoothly until Sanjana Dhanraj(Esha Gupta), a struggling actress comes into picture. Sanjana is much younger than Shanaya and pleads for the directors to offer her even an extra in a film but everyone refuses. As she's on the verge of losing all hope Aditya sees her and is immediately smitten. He offers her the lead role in his film and the film becomes a huge hit. She gets numerous appreciations by the audience and becomes noticeable. Sanjana keeps getting offers for the films and everyone seems to beforgetting Shanaya. In place of Shanaya, Sanjana comes into spotlight and wins all the award she is nominated for. Shanaya begins to envy Sanjana and decides to quit acting and marry Aditya. Aditya is on the horns of dilemma about Sanjana and Shanaya but chooses Sanjana. Shanaya, heartbroken and depressesd, leaves Aditya. Shanaya is unable to think about Sanjana and finally drives towards Aditya and creates a racous which causes him to slap her. Shanaya, even more depressed slowly becomes mad. She seeks help of her uncle Agoo dada(Zeeshan Khalid) a tantrik who helps her to practice black magic and calls upon ghost of Tara. She asks her to make Sanjana's life a living hell. The ghost agrees her and begins to taunt and torture Sanjana more and more until she becomes suicidal. Aditya, unable to see her like this goes to a tantrik who helps him find a way to get rid of the ghost. As soon as the ghost approaches to kill Sanjana, Aditya comes with a locket and taunts the ghost about her past life. The ghost unable to bear the torture vanishes and takes revenge on Shanaya by posessing her. The film then comes to the present and Shanaya does the same what she did in the beginning.But Aditya is Guilty of his deeds has he help Shanaya do magic on Sanjana in return of sex & now he is in love with Sanjana and sleeps with her ,This changes his mind in return he tell Sanjana the truth and helps her get heal of the curse as instructed by the Doctor's Friend the Witchcraft Doctor who instucts to kill the soul and bring Sanjana alive from the Dream world ,where Aditiya have a fight with the Soul. 