 Authors Anonymous (2014)321) When a dysfunctional group of unpublished writers accept Hannah into their fold, the last thing they expect is her overnight success. Can these lovable misfits achieve their artistic dreams and avoid killing one another in the process? After a dysfunctional group of unpublished writers with the motto "all for one" accept Hannah Rinaldi (Kaley Cuoco) into their fold, the last thing they expect is her overnight success - but that's exactly what they get. While her career takes off, her eccentric and envious colleagues (Chris Klein, Teri Polo, Dylan Walsh, Dennis Farina and Jonathan Bennett) struggle to find their own paths to publishing fame and fortune. Tensions rise, rivalries form, and hearts are broken. Rejection turns to desperation. Good thing they're only armed with pens... Forever Sunny Productions Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As in the TV series "The Office" a group of writers who meet periodically and call themselves "Authors Anonymous" is the subject of a documentary. In some scenes one or more members are being interviewed by someone the viewer can't see or hear. In others it appears cameras are not following the group members, but occasionally someone talks to the camera or a character who is not part of the group asks about the cameras, so it can be assumed they are there. In the first scene, Alan and Colette are together at home. The first thing Colette does is talk baby talk to a dog. Adam is an eye doctor who carries a recording device constantly so he can record story ideas. Colette is a former masseuse who still likes yoga and meditation and is spoiled. Dr. Xiroman, who has taken a vow of silence, is her spiritual adviser. John K. Butzin (who uses his full name when talking about himself) is an older man who served in Vietnam and has written the book "Roaring Lion" about his experience. Sigrid is his pretty German girlfriend. Hannah comes across as a dumb blonde in the interviews but seems more intelligent, if not educated, when talking with the other characters. Her book is called "Sleeping on the Moon". She lives with her divorced mother Maureen, who is nice. Henry delivers pizzas, cleans carpets, and struggles to produce anything as a writer. He wants to date Hannah, but is discouraged when she gets an agent Bernie, and later when she meets famous author Richard Brodwell. It is uncertain Henry and Hannah will ever be anything but friends. William is good-looking but very annoying. He doesn't produce much work either, but he gets on the nerves of people in restaurants as he writes down what they say for inspiration. The members of the group seem to get along pretty well at first, but over time they get on each others' nerves. Hannah is the first published author. Okay, that's not true. John K. Butzin pays $250 to have his book published, though there are mistakes. As each member of the group does something to upset one or more of the others, one wonders if the group will even be able to stay together. Hannah doesn't want to brag, but of course some in the group think her success means she is the star of the group so she is better than they are. Hannah and Henry try hard. Henry even introduces her to "The Great Gatsby", which she has never read. She has never read anything. Even a pretty waitress where they are eating has read the book and is impressed. David Kelleher is a memorable patient of Alan who might be able to help one or more members of the group make it as a writer. 