 Dabangg 2 (2012)44) Chulbul Pandey invites a fresh trouble when he kills the brother of a notorious politician and the former swears to wreak havoc in his life. Chulbul Pandey is transferred and promoted to Kanpur. He is happily married with Rajjo. Kanpur witness a lot of criminal activities daily and kidnapping, rape and murders are done in broad daylight. The main antagonist/villain is Baccha Bhaiyaa, politician and a strong contender for the upcoming elections and Chulbul Pandey sabotages his political image by revealing his immoral activities to the public, media and police force. Chulbul Pandey takes Baccha Bhaiya head on & remains 'Dabang' as always Dhrumil Parekh Salman Khan is back as Chulbul Pandey in Dabangg 2, the second adventure in one of the most successful franchises of all time in Indian cinema. In Dabangg 2, Chulbul Pandey has to battle the evil goon turned politician Baccha Bhaiyya. As he tries to strengthen his family ties with his father and brother. And romance his newly wed wife. And remain 'Dabangg' (fearless) no matter what. Arbaaz Khan Production Pvt. Ltd. After looking death in the eye and uprooting the corrupt political leader, Chedi Singh, the Ray-Ban-wearing, peace-loving protector of the innocent, Inspector Chulbul Pandey, gets transferred to bustling, crime-ridden Kanpur. However, shortly after the events of Dabangg (2010) , Chulbul--now a married father-to-be--finds himself neck-deep in trouble when he locks horns with Baccha Singh: an unscrupulous politician and ruthless megalomaniac. Now, faced with a pressing dilemma and waves of murderous henchmen, dauntless Pandey must make the right decision for the sake of beautiful Rajjo and his family. But, once more, unbridled violence stands in the way of happiness. Will fearless Chulbul Pandey succumb to evil Singh's strong-arm tactics and sacrifice everything in the name of love? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 