 Thale (2012)431) Estranged friends Leo (a crime-scene cleaner) and hired-hand Elvis are cleaning up a particularly messy casualty deep in the Norwegian woods. When Elvis accidentally finds a secret passage that leads to a subterranean living space, he also encounters Thale, a beautiful young woman who sings, but does not speak. Though they are intrigued and concerned for her, they are ill-prepared when others, tracking Thale, finally catch up to her. v1ct0rth3cl34n3r After a death in a cabin in the woods, Leo is hired to clean the crime scene. He brings his recently hired assistant Elvis that is not accustomed to the blood. He accidentally discovers a female creature with appearance of woman hidden in the basement and tapes. He learns that Thale was kept in captivity and submitted to experiments by her captor. Further she is not able to speak and only sings. Out of the blue, Leo and Elvis are captured by a group of paramilitary soldiers and their leader wants to know where Thale is. What will happen to Thales? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Norwegian folklore turns out to be real when Leo and Elvis encounter Thale in a basement. A regular cleaning job turns into a struggle for survival, while they're trying to figure out what or who Thale is. Thyworm Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two men are in plastic biohazard-type suits working as a cleaning crew on a crime scene. One of the men, Elvis, is vomiting continuously in a bucket; and you get a sense that he is inexperienced at this type of work. The second man, Leo, is calmly using handfuls of paper towels to mop up a large pool of congealed blood on the floor. Leo's cell phone rings and Elvis answers the phone for Leo and holds the phone to Leo's ear to speak as Leo still has the bloody rubber gloves on. Leo answers the phone, "no shit cleaning service, Leo speaking." As he is listening to the details of their next cleaning job, Elvis makes the mistake of glancing over at the bloody crime scene for just a second and immediately doubles over vomiting again, dropping Leo's cell phone in the bloody mess in the process. Leo calmly kneels down and bends his ear down next to the phone on the floor to finish receiving the address to the next job. He finishes speaking and announces to Elvis, "lunchtime" Elvis says, "great!" Elvis is standing on the shore of a lake in a heavily wooded area. The wind is blowing and he's swaying slightly in the breeze with his eyes closed. Leo walks up and tells him that it's an elderly man they are about to clean up. (You see a cabin in the background, they are at their next job already.) Leo says that the police only found half of the body as they are in a remote area with wild animals around and the animals have scattered the remains. Elvis continues swaying with his eyes closed, but answers, "so we have to find the other half." Leo gives his usual nonchalant shrug, he's obviously not surprised by the details of this kind of work. He asks Elvis what he is doing, Elvis says he's swaying in the breeze. Leo asks why and Elvis says, "why not?" Leo closes his eyes and sways also. He tells Elvis that they have to tear up the outhouse floor to recover all of the human remains that have been scattered around. Elvis is inside the outhouse throwing assorted clutter out, in order to make room to start removing the outhouse floor. 