 Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana (2012)44) A fugitive frantically looks for a much-coveted chicken curry recipe with which his family can reclaim their pride and wealth. Omi Khurana's London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster who he owes money to, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Darji. The old man has since become senile and most importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of "Chicken Khurana" a dish that made the Khurana dhaba (restaurant) famous across Punjab. Omi's childhood sweetheart, Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it. Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a free loader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Will Omi be able to cover his deceit and lies for long, even as he tries to recover the lost recipe of Chicken Khurana - the family's only hope to reclaim their pride & wealth. Production Omi Khurana (Kunal Kapoor) returns from London in debt after going missing for a decade from his loving paternal grandfather's (Daar ji- Vinod Nagpal) ancestral home in Punjab. His return delights his paternal aunt Lata ( Seema Kaushal ) & his cousin Jeet, but is viewed correctly with quiet suspicion by his Father's younger brother, his perceptive & dignified uncle Hemraj ( Rajendra Sethi ). Another person perturbed with Omi's return is his childhood sweetheart, Harman ( Huma Qureshi ) who is a local physician now- but at heart,is still the unpolished,delinquent school girl who's cut out of the same cloth as the shady Omi. While Omi is blase about how he left Harman, she is secretly still in love with him- an affection she is wary of & tries to curb at first with her assessment of Omi's true character & the bad influence he wielded on her in their school days. While Omi lies about being a rich Ferrari driving lawyer who lives near the Buckingham palace (a lie readily accepted by his aunt Lata & Jeet & Lata's eccentric brother, Titu - but not his Uncle Hemraj) he conceals from his family that he's really there to rob them again to erase his debt to London gangster Shanty. Harman's brother Lovely, who runs a store selling underwear & is trying to become a real estate agent & move up in life, brings Omi an offer of Rs.one crore from funny,dhaba owning rival,Kehar Singh for Daar ji's famous dhaba & the recipe for Daar ji's secret 'chicken Khurana'. Omi is stumped since the recipe is known only to Daar ji,who is old,adorable & recognizes no one but a crow- whom Daar ji believes ,is the love of his life, his beautiful, dead wife Muskaan (Omi's grandmother) & keeps singing to the scruffy black crow besides absent-mindedly & hilariously,responding in 'dhaba style' to people,"tandoori or makhani?','curry or sukka' etc. Other memorable characters are Daar ji's cousin,'bua ji', a pot-smoking God woman; Dalidri, the loving man-servant who considers himself a family member; Titu Mamaji, the eccentric scooter-riding uncle who sleeps on the terrace, carries a radio,wears an undershirt everywhere,complains about his sister Lata's bad cooking & is suspicious of Jeet's sexual orientation / potency; Manty , Shanty's delightful gun-wielding enforcer who follows Omi to Punjab & gets hilariously gets homesick for his 'pind' & his 'bebe'. C J On-the-run from the London mafia, Omi returns to his ancestral village - a place he'd flown from with his granddad's money and grander 'London Dreams'. Will Omi be able to hide his failures while chasing love, and the lost recipe of the infamous dish, 'Chicken Khurana'? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 