 Metallica Through the Never (2013)321) Trip, a young roadie for Metallica , is sent on an urgent mission during the band's show. But what seems like a simple assignment turns into a surreal adventure. A young Metallica roadie named Trip (Dane DeHaan) embarks on an apocalyptic journey through a decimated urban landscape as the band plays to a sold-out arena crowd in this high-concept concert film from director Nimrod Antal (Predators). As the band takes the stage before thousands of screaming fans, Trip is informed that a driver tasked with delivering a crucial item has gotten stranded on the other side of the city. It's his job to recover it, but getting there won't be easy because as the elaborate concert gets underway, rioters and police begin clashing in the streets. The city is burning, and a mysterious, masked figure on horseback is thriving on the chaos. When Trip incurs the wrath of the ruthless, hammer-wielding psycho and his marauding gang, he realizes that he may not live long enough to complete his mission. Meanwhile, the show must go on, and Metallica thrills the crowd with a thunderous collection of classics that include "Creeping Death", "Ride the Lightning", "Master of Puppets", "Battery" and "Enter Sandman.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with aerial footage of Vancouver andBC Place stadiumwith a radio DJ announcing Metallica's one-night-only concert. It then cuts to a heavy-metal fan driving into the empty parking lot and climbing on to the car's hood, whooping and laughing, but has difficulty due to his excessive weight. The film's main protagonist,Trip(Dane DeHaan)skatespast the fan but wipes out. Trip is aroadiefor Metallica. Skating into the underground parking, he gets a brown paper bag of something unknown from a beatup van and, venturing into the dressing room halls, encounters each of the band members. Giving the bag to his supervisor, Trip is told to "stick around." Standing in the main stadium arena, he then walks at a typical pace with the audience filing in to the arena in a time lapse to Metallica's traditional opener,Ecstasy of Gold. Metallica appears on stage and begins performing, and duringCreeping Death, Trip's manager tasks him with bringing gas to a stranded truck carrying "something very important." Before driving his van, Trip ingests an unknown pill, alluded as adrug. As Metallica beginsFuel, Trip drives through the deserted streets with Metallica-esque flames on flat surfaces of the cityscape, alluding to the pill's effects or supernatural energy. Distracted by studying his map, Trip runs a red light but brakes late in the intersection's middle when he noticed a bloody hand smear on an illuminated sign. He gets t-boned by another driver, which subsequently flips the van. Crawling out of the van, Trip peers into the other car and, hearing radio reports of what's happening, calls to the unresponsive driver, who is standing with his back to Trip. The driver only briefly looks at Trip and start running past him, down the street. From the truck, Trip retrieves only a gas tank, a map, and a doll of unknown importance with anoosearound its neck. As he exits, electricity crackles in the van from an unrevealed source, as a reference to the band's album,Ride The Lightning, as the title song off the album begins. Trip wanders down a street and aPolice horsedrags a dead officer across its path. After this, some people begin to run past him, oblivious, and some police cruisers speed past him, one ablaze. Emerging into the middle of a street, he realizes he has wandered between a large group of rioters and riot police, who are motionless. Gradually, the rioters start getting rowdier and more provocative, and when the police fire tear gas, the rioters swarm the police, in a full-on battle. Trip, stunned by the ferocity of the violence, stands by a window being strangely ignored. Suddenly, the window shatters behind Trip. In the heat of battle, a horseman (listed in the credits asThe Rider, and known by some as "The Death Dealer") wearing a gas mask comes charging through, wielding asledgehammeratop an armored horse. He pursues a rioter, lassoing his neck and hoisting the victim on a streetlamp, killing him. It is not formally indicated for which side The Rider fights. Enraged by this, Trip throws a brick at The Rider. This fixates The Rider on Trip, and he starts to pursue Trip, who loses the doll. Trip manages to evade The Rider by sneaking through a wall of rioters. Walking down a deserted street that is littered from an earlier battle, Trip walks under a dozen hanging bodies from a pedestrian bridge; it is unrevealed as to how they got there. Trip finds the truck he was tasked to give fuel to in a deserted parking garage corridor, but the driver, a middle aged man, is too traumatized in the cab to heed the presence of Trip. The back of the truck is opened with nothing but a leather bag which Trip opens, but the camera pans away. Trip just slumps down, speechless. Sitting around, Trip notices a figure waving at him from a distance. The Rider rides up behind the man, and suddenly a swarm of mobbers surge past the two. It is left unstated if they are the pre-encountered rioters or The Rider's minions (assuming The Rider is a supernatural entity). Trip then grabs the bag and tank of gas, jumps out of the truck, and flees. Unable to shake off the pack of mobbers, Trip is cornered at the end of an alley with the mobbers closing on him. For an unexplained reason, Trip ties a red bandanna around his mouth, puts up his hoodie, and drops the bag. Picking up the gas tank, Trip pours the gas onto himself and sets himself ablaze, and then charges the mobbers, being beaten collectively. Trip wakes on a building rooftop (withEnter Sandmanstarting), while the doll he lost has become animated and is walking to the leather bag. As Trip is getting up, a noose is lassoed on Trip, and he is pulled upon The Rider's horse. Trip grabs The Rider's hammer to free himself. The Rider rides to the opposite end of the rooftop and starts to charge Trip, who picks up the hammer and slams the floor with it, sending unexplained earthquake-style shock waves across the city, shattering all the glass and structural exteriors of surrounding buildings and disintegrating The Rider and his steed to dust. This also has the effect of reverberating throughout Metallica's concert, interrupting it with a blackout of power, and causing lighting trusses to fall. The concert staff eventually hook up a back-up generator, and the band continues the concert without the pyrotechnics and light props. Trip arrives back at the stadium with the doll and the bag under his arm, finding the arena deserted with the concert either over or yet to start. During the credits, intercut scenes of the band performingOrionplay to the deserted stadium. When Trip walks through the venue and takes a seat wearing his same clothes, the ending shot is the leather bag, which is never opened. 