 I'm So Excited! (2013)55) When it appears as though the end is in sight, the pilots, flight crew, and passengers of a plane heading to Mexico City look to forget the anguish of the moment and face the greatest danger, which we carry within ourselves. A technical failure has endangered the lives of the people on board Peninsula Flight 2549. The pilots are striving, along with their colleagues in the Control Center, to find a solution. The flight attendants and the chief steward are atypical, baroque characters who, in the face of danger, try to forget their own personal problems and devote themselves body and soul to the task of making the flight as enjoyable as possible for the passengers, while they wait for a solution. Life in the clouds is as complicated as it is at ground level, and for the same reasons, which could be summarized in two: sex and death. Production In a flight from Spain to Mexico, the pilots and crew are bi-sexual or gay and all have sex problems. When they learn that the landing gear is stuck, they try to find an airport for an emergency landing. A few passengers discover that they may die and some of them contact their families; others have sex. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Something has gone wrong with the landing gear of a plane en route from Madrid to Mexico City. The group of eccentric travelers on the flight, defenseless in the face of danger, indulge in colourful confessionals, while the outlandish crew attempts to find ways to entertain them. yusufpiskin Returning to the light, goofy, and salacious tone that characterizes his early career, Almodvar changed gears and indulged in camp exuberance for this farcical in-flight comedy, a satirical metaphor for Spain's state of crisis featuring some of Pedro's regulars. Time to buckle up your seat belts! yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 