 Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets (2017)55) A dark force threatens Alpha, a vast metropolis and home to species from a thousand planets. Special operatives Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the marauding menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. In the twenty-eighth century, space station Alpha is a city where beings from different planets live together exchanging their knowledge and culture. Peace is granted by a human force, including Major Valerian (Dane DeHaan) and his partner Sergeant Laureline (Cara Delevingne). They are assigned by the Defense Minister (Herbie Hancock) to retrieve the last species of converter in a dangerous mission. They succeed and back to Alpha, unknown humanoids abduct Commander Arun Filitt (Clive Owen) expecting to steal the converter. They head to a forbidden area that is infected, but Valerian and Laureline follow them and disclose a hidden secret about the race and the infected area. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the twenty-eighth century, due to cooperation between the Earth's countries (beginning with the ASTP of 1975) and extra-terrestrial peoples, the former International Space Station has been added to until its mass threatens to cause it to fall out of orbit. Relocated to deep space using a set of trustees, it becomes Alpha, a space-travelling city inhabited by millions of species from thousands of planets. A special Police division is created by the "United Human Federation" (a world government formed by a federation of Earth's countries) to preserve peace through the galaxy, including happy-go-lucky Major Valerian (Dane DeHaan) and his partner, no-nonsense Sergeant Laureline (Cara Delevingne). This is the new adventure movie from Luc Besson, the director of Lon: The Professional (1994), The Fifth Element (1997), and Lucy (2014), based on the comic book series which inspired a generation of artists, writers, and filmmakers. In the twenty-eighth century, Major Valerian (Dane DeHaan) and Sergeant Laureline (Cara Delevingne) are a team of special operatives charged with maintaining order throughout the human territories. Under assignment from the Defense Minister (Herbie Hancock), the two embark on a mission to the astonishing city of Alpha - an ever-expanding metropolis where species from all over the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures with each other. There is a mystery at the center of Alpha, a dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the "City of a Thousand Planets", and Major Valerian and Sergeant Laureline must race to identify the marauding menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. In the twenty-eighth century, Major Valerian (Dane DeHaan) and Sergeant Laureline (Cara Delevingne) are a team of special operatives charged with maintaining order throughout the human territories. Under assignment from the Defense Minister (Herbie Hancock), the two embark on a mission to the city of Alpha - an ever-expanding metropolis where species from all over the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures with each other. There is a mystery at the center of Alpha, a dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the "City of a Thousand Planets", and Major Valerian and Sergeant Laureline must race to identify the marauding menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 