 Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (20132020)761) The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. After the Battle of New York, the world has changed. It now knows not only about the Avengers, but also the powerful menaces that require those superheroes and more to face them. In response, Phil Coulson of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division assembles an elite covert team to find and deal with these threats wherever they are found. With a world rapidly becoming more bizarre and dangerous than ever before as the supervillains arise, these agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. are ready to take them on. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) S.H.I.E.L.D has now began a fresh start after the event of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, with Phil Coulson now the new director of S.H.I.E.L.D and staying in the shadows with new recruits, it's up to him and his team to stop HYDRA from taking scientific weapons to create terrorist attacks. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes Ward, May, Skye, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. After the events of Avengers one, the Stratiegic Homeland Intervention Enforcement: Logistics Division (S.H.I.E.L.D.) needs a team of agents to find out and fix alien events. This team includes May, Daisy, Simmons, Fitz, and the man who lives, Agent Phil Coulson. This show follows the events of this team of many different skill and has many tie ins to the MCU movies. Phil Coulson heads an elite team of fellow agents with the worldwide law-enforcement organization known as S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division), as they investigate strange occurrences around the globe. Its members -- each of whom brings a specialty to the group -- work with Coulson to protect those who cannot protect themselves from extraordinary and inconceivable threats. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. ( Clark Gregg ) returns to the worldwide law enforcement organization S.H.I.E.L.D. He puts together a small, highly trained, team of Agents to tackle the cases that havent been classified yet, the new, the strange and the unknown. That team consists of straight arrow Agent ( Brett Dalton ), an expert in combat and espionage; pilot and martial artist Agent ( Ming-Na Wen ); and brilliant if socially awkward scientists Agent ( Iain De Caestecker ) and Agent ( Elizabeth Henstridge ). They will be joined by civilian new recruit and computer hacker ( Chloe Bennet ). 