 Blue Iguana (2018)321) Ex-jailbirds Eddie and Paul are on parole and working in a New York diner. Their lives are a dead end. That is, until English lawyer Katherine Rookwood walks into the diner with an offer they can't refuse. This anarchic thriller presents a crazy, off-kilter London of action, comedy and true love. Eddie, Paul and Katharine are cool, carefree characters in a world of absolute freedoms: freedom to steal, freedom to fire a gun, freedom to kill, and freedom to fall in love. And freedom never to be hurt--at least not seriously. Only the bad guys die. Sam Rockwell and Ben Schwartz play two London-bound buddies whose outrageous antics never have serious consequences. They always wriggle out of danger, with a wisecrack, a weapon and a smile. Eddie and Paul are two innocents abroad, except they're not innocent at all. They're low-level wise guys who never really have a grip on anything. The controlling intelligence in the story is Phoebe Fox's insecure lawyer, Katherine. She's always one step ahead of the game - but is she ready to fall in love? tommy@dinolaine.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eddie and Paul are Americans out on parole and working for the very demanding Louie in a greasy spoon. Paul is quirky, acts like a spoiled brat and wants to make movies and Eddie likes comic books. The viewer occasionally gets to see one of the comic books he's reading, and no, the hero is not Blue Iguana. Katherine, a pretty English lawyer, comes in the restaurant to make a deal with Eddie and Paul. She knows what they are capable of doing, and she offers $20,000 each if they will help her with a job in London. They want $30,000 each, and they want to avoid hurting anyone and she reluctantly agrees. As for how to get Louie to let them off work, Katherine has heard enough of his conversation with them to tell Louie she can get him in lots of trouble. So the three travel to London (laws are broken to get the guys there, as we find out when she needs to use this against them) and meet with Katherine's cousin Tommy and Cornelius, who we later learn was passed over for Elijah Wood in the role of a Hobbit because he was too tall (or that's what he says). The job is simple. At a museum, Paul and Eddie steal what looks like a children's backpack, and is referred to as a "rucksack". Someone who looks like Ken Jennings gets in the way and the blue bag, as it is called, is gone. Someone else wants whatever is in that blue bag. Deacon is a really nasty man who runs a pub. Some people call him "Billy Ray Cyrus" because of his hair. Late in the movie someone does a bad impression of Cyrus singing "Achy Breaky Heart" to make fun of him. Deacon and two bumbling idiots take over a restaurant--the accomplices put on aprons to look like they work there--and Eddie, Paul and Katherine meet and Deacon and his crew get away with the bag. Arkady is a successful businessman and not particularly nice. He is working with Deacon, but Katherine was also supposed to get him the contents of that bag in order to pay off a huge debt. He will settle for being told how to find the Americans. Believing Arkady will kill them, Katherine refuses and once again she owes Arkady a huge debt. Eddie and Paul want to quit but Katherine points out they can now get in so much trouble they will be jailed in Britain. Eddie, Paul, Katherine and Tommy set up a surveillance operation across the street from Deacon's place, in an empty building with street-style art. Eventually, Katherine discovers Arkady is after a valuable diamond called the Blue Iguana, given by a Turkish prince to his fiancee, who then loses it gambling. And so our heroes try various schemes to get their hands on the Blue Iguana and return it to its rightful owner. In one case, they are not allowed in a hotel because a zombie movie is being filmed, but when they set off an explosion for an unrelated reason, they are covered with blood and easily pass for cast members. Paul manages to convince a tough, intelligent bartender named Dawn he works for NASA and starts a relationship with her. There are other incidents which turn violent and people are killed. Katherine also has dirt on Arkady which she can use. 