 Last Ounce of Courage (2012)431) Years after his father's death, the son of a fallen soldier tries to reconnect with his grandfather, who is still grieving the loss of his son. This heartwarming movie tells the story of a local war hero whose son Tom goes off to war. While he's away earning medals for valor, his wife gives birth to their son Christian. However, the tragedy that ensues on a cruel battlefield will change everyone's life forever: Tom Revere is laid to rest, paying the ultimate price for freedom. Fourteen years later, Christian and his mother Kari return to the small town of Mount Columbus, nestled in the Rocky Mountains, to celebrate the holidays with family. At first, Bob and Christian are not connecting as they struggle with the pain of losing Tom, but in this beautiful story of love and forgiveness, grandfather and grandson discover a way to unite and to make a difference in their community by claiming their freedom of expression. Bob, who is both a pharmacist and the mayor of Mount Columbus, realizes that some of the freedoms his son fought and died for are eroding. The first battle he chooses to fight in his mission to restore the town's freedoms is the right to celebrate Christmas. In many ways Bob loses his "battle," but his gain is of greater value. Concluding the film is one of the most dramatic orations given in any movie, where Bob challenges the town to "Wake Up" and take back the freedoms that are being lost, one by one. Leslie Bob Revere (Marshall Teague) knows what fighting for freedom is like. A small-town war hero, he's heartbroken when his son Tom loses his life defending America abroad. But Tom left behind his own son, Christian, and 14 years later the young boy and his mother move back to Mount Columbus to be with their family for the holidays. Christian's grandfather Bob, now the mayor of Mount Columbus, begins to notice that his country is heading in a dangerous direction, and that freedom itself is on the line. As Bob rallies the locals to awaken from their comfortable stupor and fight back against the powers that be, Christian learns that sometimes the battle for liberty begins at home. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Last Ounce of Courage is the story of an American hero standing up for his beliefs in a time of cynicism and fear. Inspired by his grandson, a grieving father and courageous youth will rally their community to conserve the freedoms we the people hold dear. Bob Revere is a small town Mayor and combat decorated veteran. He faces a root of bitterness from his past filled with heartbreaking loss. His grandson comes back into his life after many years to ask the most important question, What are we doing with our life to make a difference? Bob had grown apathetic along with an entire town. Now with the help of children, a group of people all band together to inspire hope, take back the freedoms that are being lost and take a stand for truth. 