 The Babadook (2014)651) A single mother and her child fall into a deep well of paranoia when an eerie children's book titled "Mister Babadook" manifests in their home. Amelia, who lost her husband in a car crash on the way to give birth to Samuel, their only child, struggles to cope with her fate as a single mom. Samuel's constant fear of monsters and violent reaction to overcome the fear doesn't help her cause either, which makes her friends become distant. When things can not get any worse, they read a strange book in their house about the 'Babadook' monster that hides in the dark areas of their house. Even Amelia seems to feel the effect of Babadook and desperately tries in vain to destroy the book. The nightmarish experiences the two encounter form the rest of the story. PipingHotViews The widow Amelia lost her husband in a car accident while driving her to the hospital to give birth to their son Samuel. She has quited writing books for children and presently works at a nursing home to raise Samuel alone. However the boy is problematic and outcast by his friends and even by his aunt Claire and his cousin Ruby. Amelia usually reads books for Samuel before sleeping and one night he gives the mysterious book Mister Babadook that he has found in his room. Amelia and Samuel are disturbed by the book that tells the story of a supernatural entity that torments people and Samuel tells that Babadook is haunting him during the night. Amelia rips up the book and throws it in the garbage, but soon they are haunted by Babadook. Amelia uses pills and Samuel and she are able to sleep during the night. When the book Mister Babadook appears mended in her front door, weird events happen in the house. Does Mr. Babadook really exist? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Amelia, a widow, who lost her husband in a car crash while on his way to the hospital to help give birth to thier only son, Samuel. She now has to deal with bring a single mother and her sons constant fear of monsters. She soon discovers a childrens book titled "The Babadook", not knowing how it got there, soon discovers that this childrens book character may be a sinister presence lurking around her home. Joss Oran A children's book writer and single mother is struggling with her troubled son who seemingly innocently believes that monsters lurk in their home. One night, he insists that she read him a book titled "the Babadook" which depicts a sinister presence invading a home. Soon, she begins seeing strange things even including the Babadook, the monster. She attempts to get rid of the book, even trying to burn it, but it keeps coming back, along with the hallucinations. Soon, she is taken over by this entity, but will she ever come back? ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Amelia lives with her only son Samuel, who's still afraid of monsters under the bed or in the closet. She proves to him repeatedly there's nothing to be afraid of, but he keeps on making a big deal out of his fear. This adds to hers own stress from the loss of her husband, who had died on the way to the hospital when Amelia was in labor because they got in an accident. One day Amelia tells Sam he can choose a book to read as a bedtime story and he chooses a book called 'Mister Babadook' which scared Sam so much he ended up crying/screaming into Amelia's lap as she read a different book to try and calm him. Amelia later looks at the pages. It says the Babadook will come to a kid in a disguise, demanding him to let it in, then asks the same to the kids mother, and then it'll get rid of it's disguise and haunt them, but the last pages are empty. Amelia then hides the book from Sam, but as the days go on, Sam gets more terrified about The Babadook, so Amelia tears the Babadooks images from the book and tosses them all in the garbage. Afterwards, Samuel starts to blame The Babadook for his mischiefs. Amelia feels he's only making it up until she starts to feel weird things. One day the front door is knocked on and there's nobody there when Amelia opens it. The knocking continues and when Amelia opens the door again, she finds the book with the torn pages glued back into it. Also the empty pages are filled with images of the Babadook shadowing the mother, and her killing her son. Amelia then burns the book but she gets more paranoid and stressed as weirder things happen to the point that it makes Amelia afraid to sleep. She then stays up for two nights in a row. But as Samuel asks for her motherly care, Amelia has episodes of sudden anger outbursts with her voice changing at times. The second night, she catches Sam calling their old Parkinsonian neighbor Mrs. Roach. Amelia dismisses her, but continues her rage by killing their dog and then chasing after Samuel. She catches up to him but he knocks her out by throwing something hard at her. Amelia wakes up tied with Sam refusing to leave her. Her episodes make her choke Sam as he gets near to hug her, but her inner self wins as Sam strokes her cheek. Amelia then vomits something black and Sam says that she's free, but then Sam tells her she can't make the Babadook go away, and Sam is dragged away by an invisible force. She confronts the force, arguing that it's trespassing her house. The Babadook manifests itself as a shadow but runs away to the basement when Amelia doesn't run from it. Things seem to go back to normal afterwards and as Amelia and Sam prepare Sam's seventh birthday party-which was never celebrated due to the fact that it is the same day as the death of Sam's father. Amelia collects worms and maggots then brings them to feed something in the basement. 