 Delivery Man (2013)Summaries An affable underachiever finds out he's fathered 533 children through anonymous donations to a fertility clinic 20 years ago. Now he must decide whether or not to come forward when 142 of them file a lawsuit to reveal his identity. David Wozniak is a man who is irresponsible and unreliable which doesn't exactly endear him to his family and his girlfriend. And when she tells him that she's pregnant, she tells him, she plans to do it on her own because she can't count on him. One day a lawyer shows up and talks to him about the fact that twenty years ago he was a sperm donor for about a year and his sperm was used to father over 500 children. And now over 100 of them want to know who he is but because he signed a confidentiality agreement, they can't be told who he is. So they are going to court to try to get the confidentiality set aside. His lawyer tells him that they can win this. But when the lawyer who saw him gives him info on the ones who want to see him, he takes a peek at one and decides to go see him and not tell him he's the father. He then goes out and checks out some of his other children and doesn't tell them who he is and connects with them. His lawyer tells him it could jeopardize their case, especially since he can get a big settlement which he can use to pay back some people he borrowed from who "tell" him to pay or else. rcs0411@yahoo.com Two long decades ago, David Wozniak, an ageing slacker and former prolific sperm donor, used to deposit regularly at a New York fertility clinic. Now, a lawyer informs him that he is the biological father of 533 children, and as if that weren't enough, 142 of them have already filed a lawsuit to learn his true identity. Determined to get to the bottom of this embarrassing situation, David embarks on an undercover mission to know his unknown children, as his own baby's due date approaches. Does David have what it takes to deal with the effects of bad luck and instant fatherhood? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 