 The Gallows (2015)44) 20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone. Students from Nebraska discover some strange things that have happened to their school. Charlie Grimille, a innocent high school student that went to the same school as the victims earlier in the plot line was in a play called "Gallow." He was supposed to be standing on a thin wooden board with his neck around a loose rope. That board fell through and caused Charlie to die on the spot. Many years later, these high school students decide to reenact the play in Charlie's honor. When the lead role gets a bad case of stage fright, they decide to go to the school the night before to ruin the set so the play wouldn't happen. Little did they know what would happen after that.. 20 years after after a terrible accident caused the death of an innocent student Charlie Grimille during a school play called The Gallows, the same school decides to reenact the play as a way of honoring Charlie. However, when four students at that school decide to break in and sabotage the play Charlie has some other grisly ideas for the unsuspecting students. devint-16816 In the aftermath of high school student Charlie Grimille's untimely death and the freakish accident that occurred during the 1993 play, "The Gallows", Nebraska's Beatrice Drama Club attempts to stage the very same play again. However, after two long decades of grief, re-enacting the cursed play that claimed Charlie's life doesn't seem like a good idea, especially when the untalented protagonist, Reese Houser, gets a bad case of the jitters only hours before the opening night. To save himself the embarrassment, Reese decides to take matters into his own hands with the aid of two of his friends; instead, they find themselves trapped in the ill-lit auditorium, where a malevolent supernatural entity seems to be at work. Now, the noose is tightening around everyone involved. Is there an escape from the gallows? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 