 Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle (2018)431) A human child raised by wolves must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins. The story follows the upbringing of the human child Mowgli raised by a pack of wolves in the jungles of India. As he learns the often harsh rules of the jungle, under the tutelage of a bear named Baloo and a black panther named Bagheera, Mowgli becomes accepted by the animals of the jungle as one of their own, except for one; the fearsome tiger Shere Khan. But there may be greater dangers lurking in the jungle, as Mowgli comes face to face with his human origins. bockalonge In the jungle, Kaa, an Indian python seer, watches as Shere Khan, a crippled Bengal tiger, breaks jungle law by hunting down a family of humans, with only the child escaping. Bagheera, drawn to the scene, rescues the man-cub, Mowgli, and takes him to a family of wolves being raised by Nisha and Vihaan, only for Tabaqui, Shere Khan's hyena follower, to find the boy before he is chased off. They take the infant Mowgli before the wolf council and Akela, the pack leader, to decide his fate, with Bagheera buying his life with a kill and Baloo strong-armed into agreeing. Shere Khan arrives to kill Mowgli, but Akela stops him, saying the boy is now a member of the pack and forces Shere Khan to leave, but not before the tiger vows to return.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a jungle in colonial India, the giant Indian python seer Kaa watches as Shere Khan, a treacherous Bengal tiger, breaks 'jungle law' by killing a family of humans. Bagheera, a panther, finds a surviving infant boy and takes him to Nisha and Vihaan's family of Indian wolves. Tabaqui, Shere Khan's hyena lackey, spots the boy before being chased away. The 'man-cub' is brought before the wolf council, where Bagheera buys the boy's life with a kill and strong-arms Baloo, a Himalayan brown bear, into serving as his fellow guardian. Shere Khan arrives to kill the child, but Akela, leader of the wolf pack, declares that the boy is under the pack's protection. Shere Khan warns that when Akela misses his prey, the tiger will return to kill the boy. The child, known as Mowgli, is adopted by Nisha and raised with the wolves. Years pass, and Mowgli encounters Shere Khan, who has antagonized the nearby 'man-village' by killing their cattle. Mowgli falls into a tiger trap set by the village, but is saved by Hathi, an Indian elephant missing half a tusk. Bagheera reveals to Mowgli that he is human, but Mowgli is determined to complete 'the Running', the trial to earn full membership in the pack. Bagheera urges Mowgli to leave the jungle for the village, where he will be safe from Shere Khan; watching the village from afar, Mowgli learns of the existence of fire. During the Running, as Bagheera chases the young wolves, Mowgli uses his ability to climb and run upright to gain the lead. Desperate to keep him safe from Shere Khan, Bagheera foils Mowgli and is confronted by Baloo. Mowgli angrily rejects the friendship of Bhoot, the runt of the wolf cubs, and is kidnapped by the Bandar-log tribe of monkeys and brought to Shere Khan. Before the tiger can kill the boy, Baloo and Bagheera arrive but are overwhelmed by the monkeys. Mowgli is rescued by Kaa, who scares away the monkeys. After Baloo heals him, Mowgli confronts her at her lair on why she saved him. As she slithers around him, Kaa explains she believes he can restore harmony to the jungle. While hunting, the aging Akela fails to bring down his prey, leading Shere Khan to remind the pack they must challenge Akela for the role of leader. As the wolves fight, Mowgli steals fire from the village and repels Shere Khan and the challengers, but shames himself in Akela's eyes and is banished. The feral Mowgli is captured by the villagers and John Lockwood, a British colonial hunter. Bagheera visits Mowgli to tell him that he must stay with the villagers and gain their trust, as Bagheera did to escape captivity when he was young. Mowgli slowly comes to enjoy life in the village, cared for by the kindly Messua and learning hunting skills from Lockwood, who is tracking Shere Khan. Mowgli's wolf sibling Gray Brother informs him that Shere Khan has driven away the wolves loyal to Akela and continues to kill cattle, which threatens all the jungle's animals with the village's wrath, but Mowgli refuses to help. While the village celebrates Holi, Mowgli learns that it was Lockwood who shot off Hathi's tusk and discovers his hunting trophies, including the head of Bhoot. Preparing to kill Lockwood, Mowgli instead returns the tusk to Hathi, offering him the hunter in exchange for ridding the jungle of Shere Khan. Mowgli meets with Baloo, Bagheera, and the wolf pack, who refuse to go against jungle law to defeat Shere Khan. Unafraid, Mowgli lures Shere Khan to the edge of the village, where the tiger is surrounded by Hathi's herd. Alerted by the sounds of the battle, Mowgli's family and friends, ashamed for how they've treated him, rush to his aide. Lockwood shoots at Shere Khan but wounds Mowgli instead, and Akela sacrifices himself to save Mowgli, while Lockwood is killed by Hathi before he can cause more harm. Akela names Mowgli as his successor before he dies. With Messua and the village watching, Mowgli returns to the jungle, and slays the mortally wounded Shere Khan. Kaa explains that with Shere Khan and Lockwood gone for good, Mowgli gave the animals a voice and brought peace to the jungle. 