 Lemon Tree Passage (2014)55) Three US backpackers are told the local urban legend of Lemon Tree Passage. Seeking out the ghost they uncover a force that threatens to wreak havoc. Isolated and 10,000 miles from home, they find themselves caught in the clutches of evil. A couple of Australians introduce three American backpackers to the local legend of Lemon Tree Passage where a ghost of a motorcyclist warns young drivers to slow down. After seeing the ghost first hand they uncover a malevolent force that posses the area and threatens to wreak havoc on the final days of their vacation. Isolated and ten thousand miles from home, the tourists find themselves caught in the clutches of an evil force much more heinous than the local myth believed. David Campbell When a group of young backpackers learn of a ghost said to appear in the rear-view mirror of a speeding car they set out to recreate it with the help of some locals. After speeding down Lemon Tree Passage, a remote road surrounded by dense woods, their jubilation turns to terror as one by one each passenger begins to disappear in a violent fashion. Isolated and ten thousand miles from home, the tourists find themselves caught in the clutches of a malevolent force much more heinous than the local myth they set out to experience. Anonymous When a group of backpackers learn of a ghost of which is said to appear in the rear-view mirror of a speeding car, they set out to recreate with the help of some locals. After speeding down Lemon Tree Passage, a remote road surrounded by dense woods, their jubilation turns to terror as one by one each passenger begins to disappear in a violent fashion. Anonymous The American Maya, Amelia and her brother Toby are spending vacation in Australia. The meet the locals Geordie and Oscar on the beach and Oscar tells a ghost story at the campfire. He tells that a ghost of a motorcyclist appears at the Lemon Tree Passage intersection when a car with teenagers speeds up at the spot. They decide to go to the location to see the ghost with tragic consequences. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 