 Flu (2013)431) Chaos ensues when a lethal, airborne virus infects the population of a South Korean city less than 20 kilometers from Seoul. The worst epidemic ever seen is sweeping through Bundang, the suburb of Seoul. After smuggling illegal immigrants into the country, Byung-woo dies from an unknown virus. Soon after that, the same symptoms are plaguing scores of residents in Bundang. People are helpless against the airborne disease and the number of infected increases quickly, spreading chaos. As the worst-case scenario precaution, the city of half a million people, just 19 kilometers from Seoul, is about to be sealed off. The government orders a complete shutdown. Meanwhile, infectious disease specialist In-hye and rescue worker Ji-goo go into the closed city to find the blood serum of the index case, a crucial part of developing the vaccine. CJ Entertainment The film takes place in our time in Seoul. Near the city, the police find a container with dead illegal immigrants. However, one of them still managed to survive, but he is infected with a terrible virus and he has only a few hours to live. With terrible speed, the virus begins to spread among residents, and the city is plunged into real chaos. Hospitals are crowded with severe patients who die in terrible agony. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Flu (Hangul: ; RR: Gamgi; MR: Kamgi; also known as "Cold" or "Influenza"), is an upcoming South Korean disaster film directed by Kim Sung Soo.[1][2] the director of the renowned drama 'Musa'. It concerns a deadly strain of an avian influenza virus that is spreading like wildfire across Bundang and threatens the population of metropolitan Seoul. A firefighter and a doctor race against time to find the cure by searching for the host.[3] Meanwhile in a secure bunker, politicians, international clinical experts and military tacticians try to develop a strategy of containment; cognisant of the disastrous ramifications should the virus spread beyond the borders of Korea. 