 Ungli (2014)Summaries A gang of friends decide to take justice into their own hands. Four friends: Kalim (Angad Bedi), Gautam (Neil Bhoopalam), Maya (Kangana Ranaut), and Abhay (Randeep Hooda), form a gang called the "Ungli" gang which fights against corruption prevailing in society. Their job is to target corrupt people and punish them in a unique manner. Due to increased popularity and their high-profile targets they are sought by Mumbai police department. Their case is the responsibility of ACP Ashok Kale (Sanjay Dutt) and inspector Nikhil Abhyankar (Emraan Hashmi). Nikhil disguises himself as a college student and joins the ungli gang with hidden motive of arresting them. But soon, his heart changes after learning the story of why the "Ungli" gang was formed. Meanwhile, Kale is compelled to seek help from the gang when Nikhil helps him expose the gang's greatest target, B.R. Dayal (Mahesh Manjrekar) and his son Anshuman. Kale instigates a sting operation against the Mumbai police and is successful in preventing his transfer. Kale thanks the "Ungli" gang and he assures them that the city won't need an "Ungli" gang as long as the administrations are running properly in accordance to public demands. Maya, Abhay, Kaleem, and Gautam are four friends who can't see wrong things happening around them and decide to fight corruption by punishing the culprits in the name of Ungli gang.The gang's targets are people from all categories who do wrong in society their gang come into limelight when they target a politician and gain sympathy of common man .Inspector Kale is appointed to take charge of the case as nobody would target him due to his honesty.Kale appoints Nikhil a carefree guy and son of his late colleague to find the Ungli gang, Nikhil starts to target people in the name of Ungli gang seeing his activities they include him in the gang without knowing that he has been appointed by Kale to trace them. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 