 Department Q: The Keeper of Lost Causes (2013)55) Police inspector Carl Mrck is put in charge of a department of cold cases, joined only by his assistant, Assad. They dig into a case about a disappeared woman. Chief detective Carl Mrck and his assistant Assad become involved in a five-year-old case concerning the mystery of politician Merete Lynggaard's disappearance - a journey that takes them deep into the undercurrent of abuse and malice that lurks beneath the polished surface of Scandinavia. Zentropa Productions After a failed deployment Commissioner Carl Mrck is relegated to a special department in the dusty cellar where he shall bring unresolved cases with the help of his new assistant to conclusion. He may not get involved in the cold cases. This is followed reluctantly for one day, but the stubborn side of Carl does not hold, of course, and follows the case of the disappearance of a lady politician. The sudden vanishing of the lady five years ago on a ferry in the presence of her mentally handicapped brother had originated a poor police investigation. The officials involved won't want to hear this. But the official suicide theory turns out to be wrong, and soon the grumpy Karl makes a terrible discovery. Bob Buckingham Plagued by a range of personal issues, and still blaming himself after the botched police raid that resulted in the death of a colleague, the stone-faced Copenhagen-based lead detective, Carl Mrck, finds himself demoted to Department Q: the gloomy, underground division of cold cases. Put in charge of a government initiative to solve long-forgotten incidents from all over Denmark no one else wants to deal with, Carl, with the help of his insightful assistant, Assad, the vault's caretaker, half-heartedly sifts through the case files, and before long, the duo is investigating the unaccountable disappearance of the up-and-coming young politician, Merete Lynggaard. What happened to Merete? Who made her vanish into thin air, and above all, why? Nick Riganas Following a shootout that left his two partners respectively dead and paralyzed, chief detective Carl Mrck is assigned to the newly established Department Q, a department for old, terminated cases. The department consists only of himself and his new assistant Assad. Although they get explicit orders to only read and sort through the cases, only a single day passes before Carls stubborn nature throws them headfirst into the mystery of Merete Lynggaards disappearance; a well-known female politician who vanished five years ago from a passenger ferry. The only witness is her brain-damaged brother who was found on the car deck, screaming at the top of his lungs. The case was put to rest as an apparent suicide. Unconvinced by this explanation Carl and Assad venture on a journey that will take them deep into the undercurrent of abuse and malice that lurks beneath the polished surface of Scandinavia. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 