 What If... (2012)541) Under the Athenian night sky, before the silent threat of an imminent socio-economic crisis, a young man goes for a stroll and meets the love of his life. Does fate govern one's existence? What would have happened if he stayed in, instead? Athens, Greece, The age of Economic crisis. Demetris is a highly independent man, living a normal life. A confirmed bachelor at the age of 33! When the moment arrives, his choice will change everything. His roommate is a female German Shepherd called Lonesome. One night, Lonesome wants to be taken out. Demetris tries to change her mind but Lonesome insists Its at this moment that he comes to a decision. If Demetris goes out he will meet Christina, the love of his life. If he stays in, he will not meet her. Does true love exist? What is the impact of a severe economic crisis on people and how can the crisis destroy a couple? One story shown from two different angles. Anonymous In 2012's Greece ,where economic crises and unemployment is reality for most people, Dimitris finds the woman of his life, Christina while at the same time the movie explores how Dimitris's world would've been if he hadn't met love that day. Terminator GM-HK In 2009, before the silent threat of an impending and long-term socio-economic crisis, the thirty-something bachelor, Dimitris, decides to go for a stroll with his loyal German Shepherd companion, Loneliness. And, just like that, under the cloudless Athenian night sky, Dimitris has a chance encounter with the love of his life: the lithe brunette, Christina. However, under those circumstances, does fate truly govern one's existence? Above all, does everything happen for a reason? Now, amid a world that's rapidly changing, unspoken and unanswerable questions linger in Dimitris' mind. What would have happened if Dimitris stayed in, instead? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Athens - Greece - The age of Economic crisis Demetris is a highly independent man who lives a normal life. A confirmed bachelor at the age of 33! When a moment arrives, his choice at that point in time will change everything. His roommate is a female German Shepherd called Lonesome. One night, after supper, Lonesome wants to be taken out. Demetris tries to change her mind but Lonesome insists Its at this moment that he comes to a decision. This decision will change his entire life. If Demetris goes out he will meet Christina, the love of his life. If he stays in, he will not meet her. Does true love exist? What is the impact of a severe economic crisis on people and how can the crisis destroy a couple? One story shown from two different angles. 