 Confession of Murder (2012)55) Lee Du-seok publishes an autobiography describing murders he committed after the statute of limitations expires. A detective and one of the victim's mothers search for the author while another killer begins a spree of murders. After the statute of limitation expires on the murders he has committed, Lee Du-seok publishes an autobiography describing all his murders in great detail. Detective Choi, who investigated Lee's murders 15 years ago starts the chase once again and Han Ji-soo, who lost her daughter to Lee, pledges vengeance. Meanwhile, another killer appears, casting doubt to whether Lee is the real serial killer. The key here is how well the story juggles the truth and how solid the description of the characters' tangled relationships is. Hancinema In Korea, the serial-killer Lee Du-sok has killed ten women and there is another one missing that the police department believes he is the responsible for her disappearance. After fifteen years, the statute of limitation expires on his last murder and Lee Du-sok publishes a book describing each murder in details. Detective Choi, who was in charge of the investigation of all the ten murders, chases Lee Du-sok and challenges him to tell where the eleventh victim is. Meanwhile, Han Ji-Soo, who is the mother of his last victim, seeks revenge with her family and friends. The owner of a sensationalist television network invites Lee Du-sok and Detective Choi for a debate live. Out of the blue, a man with the alias "J" calls the TV during the debate and tells that he is the real killer and Lee Du-sok is a fraud. Who should be the real killer? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A serial killer after killing ten women appears before a cop and taunts him before disappearing for 15 years and after the expiration of the statute of limitations, the killer emerges again and publishes a book depicting the crimes he committed in the past with 100 percent accuracy and since the law cannot book him, the victims' family members try to kill the killer. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com On the day the 15-year statute of limitations expired on a high profile serial murder case that claimed the lives of 10 women, a family member of the victim throws himself off the building in front of the detective in charge of the case. 2 years later, a man called Lee Du-seok publishes a book titled "Confession of Murder" claiming responsibility for the murders that took place 17 years ago. His book becomes a bestseller because of the author's charming looks and his vivid depiction of the crime. ?The detective and the self-claimed murderer meet face to face on a television debate show. Detective Choi maintains that Lee is nothing but a con artist posing as the murderer for the fame alone. Detective Choi renews his search for the ultimate truth. SHOWBOX It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 