 Point Blank (2019)431) An ER nurse and a career criminal are forced into an unlikely partnership in taking down a ring of corrupt cops threatening the lives of both their families. When his pregnant wife is kidnapped and held as collateral, Paul, an ER nurse, must team with the badly injured career criminal and murder suspect under his charge in order to save the lives of his wife and unborn child. Pitted against rival gangs and a deadly ring of corrupt cops, the unlikely duo find a way to survive together in the fight of their lives. Netflix Paul, a nurse at a city hospital gets dragged into a multi-million dollar deal on the very moment Abe is brought in after being run over by a car. Paul's pregnant wife Taryn gets abducted by Matteo (Abe's brother) to blackmail Paul into rescuing Abe from the hospital before the police can transport him to another hospital. Abe needs to stay alive as he is in possession of a thumb drive with sensitive information about police corruption. At the same time Matteo threatens to kill Taryn if Paul does not keep Abe alive and out of the hands of the police force. Frank Liesenborgs Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Abe Guevara is caught in a shootout at a residential home that results in the death of District Attorney Joshua Gregory. He is chased on foot and attempts to escape with his brother Mateo, but Abe is hit by a car, and is subsequently sent to a local hospital. A pair of homicide detectives, Regina Lewis and Eric Masterson, are assigned to the case. Paul Booker, an every man ER nurse, is assigned to oversee Abe's recovery at the hospital. Mateo, determined to break Abe out in order to pay off a debt with Big D, an influential gangster, kidnaps Paul's pregnant wife Taryn and coerces Paul into working for him. Paul breaks out Abe on his stretcher, and they evade detectives Lewis and Masterson just shortly after they arrive. Abe reveals that he is in possession of a flash drive, which can expose several corrupt police officers; while making the deal to distribute the flash drive to Gregory, they were ambushed, and Abe was wrongfully incriminated for his death. Abe arranges to meet Mateo at a bus station, but realizing that it is a sting operation, they incite a shootout and flee, engaging in a car chase. After fighting off more cops at a car wash, they escape on foot. Seeking a new car, they consult a local gangster, Cheetah. Lewis and Masterson arrive, and hold them all at gunpoint. Masterson realizes that Lewis is one of the corrupt cops on the drive, leading her to kill both Masterson and Cheetah. Paul kills her accomplice Jones while she is distracted with incoming reinforcements. Abe rendezvouses with Mateo, but he is ambushed for the drive as well by one of Lewis' men, who abduct Taryn. Abe and Paul arrive at the rendezvous, only to find Mateo mortally wounded. He succumbs to his injuries, and dies. Lewis threatens the two, revealing that she is holding Taryn hostage. Having taken into his possession security footage that incriminates Lewis of her corrupt actions, Abe finalizes a deal with Big D and pays off his debt. Big D stages a distraction outside the police precinct, both to accommodate to Paul and Abe, but to also capture footage for a movie he is developing. Disguised as a first responder and a police officer, Paul and Abe incapacitate Lewis, and save Taryn, who goes into labor and gives birth to their baby boy. In the aftermath, Lewis is killed by police reinforcements after Abe exposes her corruption. One year later, Paul and Taryn celebrate their baby boy's first birthday, who they name Matty in Mateo's honor. Abe smiles upon seeing a picture of Matty's first birthday cake, and drives into the sunset, tailed by a black SUV. 