 Tyrant (20142016)44) An unassuming American family is drawn into the workings of a turbulent Middle Eastern nation. Barry Al-Fayeed has been living in the United States for twenty years, during which time he got married to Molly Olson, and had two children (Sammy and Emma), with both Molly and he working as physicians, Barry as a pediatrician, in Pasadena. This life belies the fact that at age sixteen, he, under his given name Bassam, escaped his family life in the middle eastern country of Abuddin, where the Al-Fayeeds have been the dictatorial rulers for generations, normally of violent and repressive regimes which he could not morally tolerate. He has not been back to Abuddin since. On the urging of his mother, Barry decides to go back to Abuddin with Molly and family in tow. He may find that leaving Abuddin this second time around is more difficult as he gets ensconced in the troubles the Al-Fayeeds are facing in general in continuing to rule the country as a repressive dictatorship. The longer Barry stays, the more it in turn affects the only life of democratic freedom Molly, Sammy and Emma have known up to this point. Huggo Bassam Al-Fayeed or Barry, as he is known to his wife Molly and two children Sammy and Emma,has been living a self imposed exile from his Middle Eastern country called Abbudin for 20 years. Although he is the second son of the ruling president, Bassam has no desire to go back home. However, he is compelled to attend his nephew's wedding together with his family on the urging of his mother. The ruling dynasty has been recently plagued by opposition and civilian revolts. So when Barry's father unexpectedly dies, Barry must remain home to advice and support Jamal, his brother and the new president, in order to prevent the country from plunging into war. njeri komu The series starts with Bassam the son of a dictator of Abbudin coming home after a long persuation.He comes to his nephew wedding Ahmed. When he comes worst happens his father dies, his brother is almost killed which forces him and his family to stay though he had been for exile for twenty years. He did not like his father's regime since they mistreated people. Situations force bassam his wife Emma and his two children to stay in Abbudin. Jamals takes over after his father death And Bassam stays as his personnal advicer. mercykimani It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 