 Three Night Stand (2013)Summaries A married couple's romantic weekend is turned upside down when the husband's ex-girlfriend, a woman he's secretly obsessed with, is running the ski lodge where they're staying. Carl's life is stalled. He has worked at the same job at a Montral video game design company for five years with his bosses not yet having decided who will get the next promotion. He and Sue, his wife of several years, are also facing problems in their marriage, including sexually. To reinvigorate their marriage, he has arranged a weekend ski getaway for them at Ste. Adele in the Laurentians, staying at Auberge au Coeur Sauvage, a small bed and breakfast ski lodge. He has a grand gesture planned, he choosing this specific locale as it has special romantic memories for him, however those memories are with another woman. When they arrive, Carl finds that the person with who he has been emailing regarding the reservation and the current owner is Robyn, who he introduces to Sue as a former coworker - which is true - but who he eventually divulges is an ex. Carl has never told Sue about Robyn, the woman with who he has special memories at this locale and who he may consider, deep in his heart, as the love of his life, the one that got away. What happens in Carl and Sue's relationship this weekend is not only affected by Robyn, but by others at the lodge: Anatolli, a Qubecois actor with some fame in France, and his mother, Lise, who have a codependent but dysfunctional relationship themselves; Stacey and her unusual husband Doug, she Carl's coworker and friend who he called in a panic for advice; and someone in Robyn's not so past. Huggo With both their married and sexual life on automatic pilot, Carl, a dissatisfied game developer, and his lovely wife, Sue, decide to give it a go and get back on track. To do so, Carl organises a romantic winter weekend at an isolated bed-and-breakfast lodge in Quebec; a familiar and beloved place filled with beautiful memories, where he, and his former wife, Robyn, used to spend their holidays. However, what Carl doesn't know, is that Robyn is now the inn's new manager, and, sooner or later, he will have to confront his buried feelings for her. Is this a coincidence or divine intervention? Will Carl ever get over the one that got away? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 