 A Little Chaos (2014)541) Two talented landscape artists become romantically entangled while building a garden in King Louis XIV's palace at Versailles. Famed builder Le Notre is tasked with building an ethereal palace for King Louis XIV (Rickman) that transcends beauty. Le Notre hires Sabine de Barra (Winslet) to design and construct the outdoor ballroom, and is soon captivated by her beauty. Sabine is equally enthralled by Le Notre though she is struggling to deal with her past. Through the trials of building the garden the two artists come together. MacGroovyJM As part of plans to move his royal court from the old Louvre to a grand new palace at Versailles, Sung king Louis XIV commissioned reputed symmetrical landscape architect Andr Lenotre to design and execute the gardens and other outdoor features. At his auditions for architect 'subcontractors', one outsider intrigues him, proposing original ideas against his principles of mathematical order. This Sabine de Barra intrigues him, enough to grant her the theatrical amphitheater 'ballroom', and jumps at her far less costly water re-use plans. They strike a friendship, compensating for his cold careerist courtier wife Franoise's arrogance, while the king's brother due Philip of Orlans shows a romantic interest in provincial Sabine, who is gradually introduced at court, where she bods with the declining royal mistress de Montespan. Chance matches the mourning king with the outspoken Sabine. Jealousy proves dangerous, with Andr ending of as her lover, dealing with her widowing trauma while completing the royal commission. KGF Vissers A romantic drama following Sabine ( Kate Winslet ), a talented landscape designer, who is building a garden at Versailles for King Louis XIV ( Alan Rickman ). Sabine struggles with class barriers as she becomes romantically entangled with the court's renowned landscape artist, Andr Le Ntre ( Matthias Schoenaerts ). Focus World Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Reunited for the first time since Sense and Sensibility, Alan Rickman directs Academy Award winner Kate Winslet in the romantic drama A Little Chaos. The year is 1682. Sabine De Barra (Ms. Winslet), a strong-willed and talented landscape designer, fulfils her chosen vocation in the gardens and countryside of France. One day, an unexpected invitation comes: Sabine is in the running for an assignment at the court of King Louis XIV (Mr. Rickman). Upon meeting with her, the King's renowned landscape artist Andr Le Notre (Matthias Schoenaerts) is initially disturbed by Sabine's distinctive eye and forward-thinking nature, but eventually chooses Sabine to build one of the main gardens at The Sun King's new Palace of Versailles. Under pressure of time and as she charts her own course, Le Notre comes to recognize the value of a little chaos in Sabine's process. While pushing herself and her workers to complete the Rockwork Grove as an outdoor ballroom, Sabine negotiates the perilous rivalries and intricate etiquette of the court. As she challenges gender and class barriers. Sabine forges a surprising connection with the King himself, and wins a vote of confidence from the King's brother, Philippe (Academy Award nominee Stanley Tucci). As she gradually comes to terms with a tragedy in her past, Sabine's professional and personal interactions with Andr bring out honesty, compassion, and creativity in both of them. 