 Moonwalkers (2015)431) After failing to locate the legendary Stanley Kubrick , an unstable CIA agent must instead team up with a seedy rock band manager to develop the biggest con of all time-staging the moon landing. What if Apollo 11 never actually made it? What if, in reality, Stanley Kubrick secretly shot the famous images of the moon landing in a studio, working for the US administration? This is the premise of a totally plausible conspiracy theory that takes us to swinging sixties London, where a stubborn CIA agent will never find Kubrick but instead is forced to team up with a lousy manager of a seedy rock band to develop the biggest con of all time, in this riotous, high-tempo action-comedy. Reece Davis Petty rock group 'agent' Jonathan 'Jonny' is a his wit's end, desperate to sign a contract fro his measly only clients to pay off violent loan-shark Iron Monger. While begging in vain for a job or loan from his wealthy cousin Derek Kaye, whose clients include real celebrities, he's mistaken for him and a-eagerly but blindly accepts a rush job to hire director Stanley Kubrick for a 'Hollywood project'. So his junkie roommate, actor Leon, impersonates the star and as blindly signs up after playing too hard to get, for the bizarre project. It's the assignment of CIA agent Kidman, a psychotically traumatized Vietnam veteran, to bring an enactment of the Apollo 11 moon landing, as the US landing fears to need a plan B in the plausible event it fails and leaves the Russians win the race to space. The impostors initially take the cash and run, but once Jonny realizes the US government can't just be ignored and Kidman tracking them down, the only way out is hiring another director. They settle for 'artistic' junkies commune leader Renatus, and must now deal with the job, the band singer's dream project rock opera as cover, the loan shark en his enforcers and ultimately the impatient CIA's armed trouble shooter team. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the days leading up to the Apollo 11 Moon landing, CIA agent Tom Kidman is tasked with hiring Stanley Kubrick to film a fake moonwalk, in the event the astronauts fail in their mission. The CIA views the Moon landing as a potential ideological victory over the Soviet Union, necessary for American morale. The CIA provides Kidman with a large sum of cash in a briefcase to act as an incentive for Kubrick, with orders to murder Kubrick upon completion of the mission to prevent the story from leaking out. Unbeknownst to the CIA, Kidman is suffering from post traumatic stress disorder due to time spent in Vietnam, and feels compelled to respond to any frustration with extreme violence. Kidman travels to England to speak with Kubrick's agent, only to accidentally hold a meeting with the agent's cousin, Jonny Thorpe, a struggling band promoter in debt to a East End gangster named the Iron Monger. Jonny agrees to arrange a sit-down between Kidman and Kubrick, then convinces his stoner roommate Leon to pose as the director. Leon and Kidman meet, and Jonny accepts the briefcase of money, promising that the movie will be made. Thinking that Kidman is simply a Hollywood producer, the pair go on a spending spree before the Iron Monger's henchman break into Jonny's house, beat him, and steal the briefcase. Kidman sees a news story about Stanley Kubrick on television and realizes he didn't meet with the real man. He confronts Jonny, who confesses his scheme. Seeing an opportunity to establish himself as a success, Jonny promises that a friend of his, a director named Renatus, can film a fake Moon landing. Jonny takes Kidman to meet Renatus at the director's mansion, which he has turned into a commune. Thinking that he's being hired for an art project, Renatus accepts. Meanwhile, a hippie girl named Ella takes an interest in Kidman. Kidman takes Jonny to confront the Iron Monger and get the briefcase of money back. Rather than negotiate with the Iron Monger, Kidman murders several of his henchmen and takes the briefcase back by force. Production is stalled when Renatus insists on approaching the film as a piece of performance art, intending to include several artistic flourishes. In an attempt to show off his alleged immunity to marijuana, Kidman takes a hit from a bong, which turns out to have been laced with opium. In an effort to help him recover from the effects, Ella gives him LSD, sending Kidman on a bad trip, after which he has sex with Ella. In the throes of his trip, Kidman tells Ella and Leon that he no longer feels compelled to solve his problems with violence. Afterwards, he makes an incoherent call to the CIA, attempting to update them on his status. Alarmed by Kidman's call, the CIA sends several agents to England. They take the entire commune hostage and force everyone to begin filming the fake Moon landing. Jonny and Leon take on the roles of the astronauts; Leon, nervous at the prospect of being on television, gets high and begins having a trip on set, stumbling around the fake Moon surface. Meanwhile, the Iron Monger arrives and engages in a shootout with the CIA, which results in most of the Iron Monger's henchmen and the CIA agents being killed. In the midst of the shootout, the fake footage is successfully broadcast via closed circuit to CIA headquarters. Jonny, feeling like he finally has the opportunity to make a difference in the world, attempts to protect Kidman from the Iron Monger but is shot. After killing the Iron Monger, Kidman tells a stunned Jonny that his space suit absorbed the bullet, and lies that Jonny's interference saved his life. Now wanted by the CIA, Jonny, Leon, Kidman, and Ella flee England. A montage shows news clips of American life throughout the 1960s, culminating with Apollo 11 reaching the Moon. In Spain, Jonny, Leon, Ella, and Kidman enter a bar in time to watch the Moon landing with several villagers. The quartet are unable to tell if the landing is real or if they're watching their own fake footage. 