 The Blacklist (2013 )44) A new FBI profiler, Elizabeth Keen, has her entire life uprooted when a mysterious criminal, Raymond Reddington, who has eluded capture for decades, turns himself in and insists on speaking only to her. A highly articulate, erudite and intelligent businessman and mastermind, "Red" Reddington, has allegedly been on the "10 Most Wanted List" of various U.S. law enforcement agencies for over 20 years. The legend is that Red is as elusive as he is clever, controlling a labyrinth of creative enterprises, coupled with uncanny ability to gather and finesse information at the drop of a hat. On the first day at FBI for a new female profiler fresh out of Quantico, Red offers to bandy wits with the FBI. Red promises to deliver various criminals and plots previously unknown to any branch of law enforcement... and all Red requests in return is to choose his muse. LA-Lawyer Elizabeth Keen lives a happy live with her husband Tom. They are even planning to adopt a baby. Elizabeth wants to go to her new job at the FBI when she is picked up by them and driven to a black-site to meet Raymond Reddington, a master criminal who vanished a long time ago and came back as the concierge of crime. After eluding capture for decades, he turns himself in, but only agrees to speak to Elizabeth Keen. He wants to help the FBI capture dangerous criminals, some of them unknown to the FBI. A task force is created. However, there remains some questions. What is Reddington's connection to Elizabeth? Why does he want to solve cases with the FBI? Is Elizabeth's husband Tom who he pretends to be? These questions are slowly resolved when the team go through people on Reddington's Blacklist. CPDE Former government agent Raymond "Red" Reddington (James Spader) has eluded capture for decades. But he suddenly surrenders to the FBI with an offer to help catch a terrorist under the condition that he speaks only to Elizabeth "Liz" Keen (Megan Boone), a young FBI profiler who's just barely out of Quantico. NBC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 