 Starry Eyes (2014)Summaries A hopeful young starlet uncovers the ominous origins of the Hollywood elite and enters into a deadly agreement in exchange for fame and fortune. In Hollywood, the Big Taters'waitress Sarah Walker is an ambitious aspiring actress that suffers from hair pulling disorder. Sarah does not respect her boss Carl or her job since she believes she will be a great actress and this job is temporary only to pay her bills. She shares an apartment with her roommate Tracy that frequently discloses her secrets to their selfish friends Erin that likes to humiliate Sarah and steal her roles; Danny, who is an aspiring director that likes Sarah; Poe and Ashley that are indifferent to her. When Sarah is invited to an audition of the film The Silver Screen from the company Astraeus Pictures, their auditioners do not show any reaction to her performance. When Sarah leaves the audition, she goes to the toilet room and has an attack, pulling her hair and crying. Immediately after, the casting director invites her to return to the room and repeat what she did in the bathroom for her assistant and she. Sarah is invited again to an audition with the producer and when he insinuates to have sex with her, she refuses and goes home. However her ambition prevails and she returns to his house and has oral sex with him. He tells that she wants to be famous, she needs to die and reborn. When Sarah returns home, she finds that her body is deteriorating and she needs to murder her friends to complete her transformation. What will she do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Desperate to make it big in dazzling Hollywood's film industry, instead, sweet struggling actress, Sarah, finds herself stuck waiting tables at a tacky fast-food restaurant. Still waiting to get her big break, rapaciously ambitious Sarah takes a chance on a horror movie named "The Silver Scream", only to witness firsthand that dreams and reality are two entirely different things. However, as frustrated Sarah, who has a history of self-harm, tries to recover from the failed audition, she catches the attention of the stone-faced casting director, who decides to offer her a second chance. Now, to seal the deal and catapult herself into the limelight, Sarah must be willing to sacrifice her old self in the name of art at all costs. But, how far is Sarah prepared to go for stardom? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 