 Blackhat (2015)55) A furloughed convict and his American and Chinese partners hunt a high-level cybercrime network from Chicago to Los Angeles to Hong Kong to Jakarta. Nick Hathaway, an extremely talented hacker who has gone astray, finds his way out of a 15 year prison sentence when parts of a computer code he once wrote during his youth appears in a malware that triggered a terrorist attack in a nuclear power plant in China. This opportunity will reunite him with an old friend but will also put him in the middle of a power game between the American and Chinese government as well as an arch villain hacker whose identity he has to find if he wants to keep his freedom and his life. ithia2003 Set in the criminal world of cyberspace, an experienced hacker serving a 13 year sentence in prison is recruited by FBI and CIA authorities to capture a cyber-hacker committing high level terrorist attacks around the world with no apparent reason. The chase leads them on a worldwide adventure from New York to L.A. to Tokyo to Jakarta. As they begin to start getting closer to him, they discover horrifying motives and secrets that could never have been predicted. After a cyber attack to a Chinese nuclear facility and to the American commodities market, the governments decide to hunt the blackhat together. Colonel Chen Dawai is assigned by the Chinese government and he meets the American Carol Barrett and Mark Jessup in Los Angeles. He invites his sister Chen Lien and he discovers that the hacker used a computer code developed by his old MIT friend Nick Hathaway, who is in prison for stealing money from banks. He requests that Nick joins the team and they have to travel to China following the lead. Along their journey, Nick and Lien fall in love with each other. However they can not discover the motivation for the attack and Nick has to do a risky move to find the location of the hacker. Will he succeed in finding who is the responsible for the attacks? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The FBI exceptionally agrees to collaborate with its Chinese counterpart when a brilliant hacker sabotages a nuclear plant in Chai Wan, Hong Kong, to explode from overheating. China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) cyber warfare unit ace, captain Chen Dawai, is tasked to find the culprits, enlists his sister, hacking engineer Chen Lien, and convinces unenthusiastic, intellectually inferior FBI counterpart Carol Barrett to appeal to his former MIT roommate, Nicholas Hathaway, who knows his value and obtains a deal to end his hacking conviction to jail time if they succeed while his electronically monitored and by deputy U.S. marshal Mark Jessup. Analyzing the hacker's code yields clues trailing to Tokyo and Jakarta as well as the realization the power plant was just a test, the real target is a disruption of the stock exchange -and world economy- to make a speculative fortune, but the ruthless gang is soon on their tail and stops at nothing to avoid exposure, while Nick and Lien have an affair. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 