 Chicago P.D. (2014 )Summaries Follows District 21 of the Chicago Police Department, which is made up of two distinctly different groups: the uniformed cops and the Intelligence Unit. District 21 of the Chicago Police Department is made up of two distinctly different groups. There are the uniformed cops who patrol the beat and go head-to-head with the city's street crimes. And there's the Intelligence Unit, the team that combats the city's major offenses - organized crime, drug trafficking, high profile murders and beyond. ahmetkozan At the center of "Chicago P.D." is Det. Sgt. Hank Voight (Jason Beghe), who is at ground zero against the war on crime in Chicago. He will do anything to bring criminals to justice. From multiple Emmy Award-winning executive producer Dick Wolf and the team behind the hit series "Chicago Fire," "Chicago P.D." is a riveting police drama about the men and women of the Chicago Police Department's elite Intelligence Unit, combating the city's most heinous offenses - organized crime, drug trafficking, high-profile murders and beyond. Hand-picked as the head of the unit is Voight, who has assembled a team of diverse detectives who share his passion, and commitment to keep the city safe. They include Det. Antonio Dawson (Jon Seda), who is more level-headed and "by the book" than his counterpart; Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer), a brash young detective who previously saw active military duty in the Middle East; Halstead's partner Erin Lindsay (Sophia Bush), a former "bad girl" who turned her life around with Voight's help; Alvin Olinsky (Elias Koteas), an experienced undercover detective and confidante for Voight; and Adam Ruzek (Patrick John Flueger), a quick-witted cadet plucked from the police academy as Olinsky's partner. The unit also includes two rising young uniform cops - Kevin Atwater (LaRoyce Hawkins), a charismatic patrolman who has an active social life, and Kim Burgess (Marina Squerciati), a patrol officer who strives to one day become a part of the elite Intelligence Unit. Sheldon Jin (Archie Kao) is the tech geek in charge of surveillance and tech ops. NBC Television It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 