 Ballers (20152019)321) A series centered around a group of football players and their families, friends and handlers. Ballers is a half-hour comedy series starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. Looking at the lives of former and current football players, the show follows former superstar Spencer Strasmore as he gets his life on track in retirement while mentoring other current and former players through the daily grind of the business of football. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Former all-pro football player Spencer Strasmore wakes up haunted by memories of his playing days. He chews down pain med to start his day. Along with his friends Ricky Jerret and Charles Greane, Spencer attends the funeral of their former teammate Rodney, who died in a car accident with his crazy girlfriend. At the funeral, Rodney's widow, Tina, tells Spencer to get his life together so he doesn't end up like her late husband. Spencer meets with Joe Kutel, his partner at Anderson Financial, where they work as money managers. After trying a bit too hard to be cool, Joe tells Spencer he needs to work on "monetizing his friendships." Spencer was hired for his access to star athletes and its time he started bringing them in. That night at Story, Rodney's favorite club, Spencer drops some knowledge for his prospective clients, including NFL players DeSean Jackson and Antonio Brown: "Never buy a depreciating asset. If it drives, flies, floats or f**ks - lease it!" Inside the club, Ricky meets with a brilliant young woman named Dashi. After having a small talk, she requests him to show his entire c**k and f**k her in the ass. Ricky does just that. While Dashi cums at the bathroom floor, a former frat boy tries to start things up behind the door and Ricky drops him with a punch. Spencer springs into action, breaking up the fight and telling Charles to get the truck. Ricky calls his agent, Jason, to get ahead of the story, but the damage is done. Ricky calls his team's brass to apologize for his behavior, but they cut him anyway. Spencer sets him straight, telling Ricky to "wise the fuck up." Though he isn't an agent, Spencer calls Miami GM Larry Siefert to plant the seed of hiring Ricky. Charles' wife Julie is on him to try and get a job. After visiting the local Chevy dealership, he's brought on as a salesman. Siefert comes by on Charles' first day at work, asking questions about Ricky. Charles has only positive things to say about his friend. Vernon Littelfield, a young, star guard with the Cowboys, reaches out to Spencer. He needs to borrow $300K to support his lifestyle and the group of family members and hangers-on who crash his place. Spencer agrees to lend him the money as long as he can represent him as a client. Vernon takes the check, but is non-committal about the rest. Thanks to Spencer and Jason's efforts, as well as Charles' kind words, the Miami coach agrees to meet with Ricky on his boat. Ricky is one minute late to the meeting, and Coach takes off without him. Hours later, when he returns and sees Ricky still waiting for him, he tells Ricky the good news: He's on the team. Ricky calls Spencer to thank him, but Spencer's distracted. He's trying to withdraw money from the ATM and the machine reads: INSUFFICIENT FUNDS. After Spencer sells a savings bond to an older woman, Joe tells him to stop playing small ball. Spencer counters that he's just signed on Vernon Littelfied as a client. Joe breaks out the tequila to celebrate, until Spencer reveals that Vernon hasn't actually signed the authorization forms yet. Thanking Spencer for the "blue balls," Joe sends him out to get the signature. As Ricky prepares to leave for his first practice with the Dolphins, his girlfriend Annabella gives him two things: a diamond necklace with his number 18, and a warning that if he steps out on her again, she'll leave him. At practice, Ricky sees another receiver, Alonzo Cooley, sporting his beloved number. Ricky offers him $40,000 and the necklace in exchange for the jersey, but Alonzo isn't having it. Spencer visits Vernon to get him to sign the paperwork, but Vernon's childhood friend and "advisor" Reggie intercepts him. Reggie doesn't want to be left out of any conversation about Vernon's finances, and he lets Spencer know it. Vernon's mother suggests they meet for lunch at the Biltmore to talk things over. Despite his aversion to air travel, Jason flies to Dallas to unofficially begin renegotiating Vernon's contract face to face with the team. At the Chevy dealership, Charles gets another visit from Larry Seifert, the Dolphins GM. Seifert tells the former lineman that instead of selling cars, he could still be playing in the league - if he were to get in shape. Charles rebuffs the offer and sells him a truck instead. When he goes home, Charles asks his wife, Julie, if she thinks he's fat. She says she likes him "burly," but admits he could lose a few pounds after he breaks an ottoman. At the Biltmore, Joe and Spencer are surprised to see Vernon invited his friends and family, all of whom are now enjoying a lavish lunch on the company dime. After Jason calls to deliver the news that Dallas hasn't yet agreed to renegotiate, Spencer has a heart to heart with Vernon. He needs to cut down on the spending, or his crew will bleed him dry. Vernon agrees to let Spencer control his finances - as long as Reggie is involved. They sign the paperwork, and Vernon and Reggie drive off in their brand new (leased) McLaren. Spencer and Joe visit their boss, "Old Man Anderson," on his yacht. They want to make a push to sign more high-income athletes, but they need to borrow his yacht to attract them. "Ask me if you can f**k my wife, you have a better shot," Anderson responds. Spencer convinces him the yacht is necessary, telling his boss, "players love the bling." In the Miami locker room, Ricky finds his belongings in the cold tub, including his precious Jordans. Ricky pretends to take it all in stride, then goes after Alonzo. They tussle until the other players break it up. With access to Anderson's yacht, Spencer and Joe host a giant party to lure new clients. When Vernon and Reggie arrive, Vernon encourages Spencer and Reggie to play nice. But as soon as he's out of earshot, Reggie starts up. He thinks Spencer is just using Vernon, while Spencer blames Reggie for Vernon's financial trouble. Reggie tells Spencer he wants one of the three percentage points Spencer gets on the money he handles for Vernon. Coach leaves the festivities and tells everyone to behave - "I don't want to see anyone on TMZ, or Deadspin, or Page f**king Six." Then the party turns up. Charles, getting over his nostalgia for his playing days, drinks aggressively and loses his shirt. Joe, meanwhile, finally makes a connection with the players, earning their admiration with his dice skills and partying prowess. Acting on a tip from Tracy Legette, Spencer tells Ricky the real reason why Alonzo's mad at him: Ricky's been sleeping with his interior decorator, Kara, who happens to be Alonzo's mom. Spencer asks him to break it off, but Ricky doesn't want to. Later when Ricky is below deck with Kara, he realizes there's something weird about their arrangement. Vernon is about to call it a night when Reggie brings around more girls. They party together, go in the hot tub, and take selfies. Drunk and deliriously happy, Joe informs Spencer that the night's a success. He's gotten three verbal commitments and created a new slogan: "Anderson Financial: Get rich. Get laid. Have fun." As Joe goes off to get more drinks, Spencer tracks down Reggie and tells him how it is: Spencer doesn't need to give him anything. Reggie gets under his skin by accusing Spencer of trying to steal his family. When Spencer gets in his face, Reggie falls backwards into the DJ booth, bringing the party to a halt. Reggie asks the now silent crowd if Spencer is the kind of guy they want handling their money. In a pinch, Spencer suggests to everyone that Reggie's had too many margaritas. He thanks everyone for coming and makes one last pitch for Anderson. Joe follows up in celebration, but accidentally puts his foot in his mouth. As prospective clients playfully hurl him off the deck, Joe screams, "I love this party." 