 Chef (2014)651) A head chef quits his restaurant job and buys a food truck in an effort to reclaim his creative promise, while piecing back together his estranged family. Carl Casper is an acclaimed chef with a family life that seems as decaying as his artistic freedom. Those frustrations boil over into a raucous viral-videoed public confrontation against a restaurant critic who panned his cooking of food that his boss ordered him to make against his instincts. Now with his career ruined, Carl's ex-wife offers an unorthodox solution in Miami: refit an old food truck to offer quality cooking on his own terms. Now with his young son, Percy, and old colleague, Martin, helping, Carl takes a working trip across America with that truck to rediscover his gastronomic passion. With Percy's tech savvy and Martin's enthusiasm, Carl finds that he is creating a traveling sensation on the way home. In doing so, Carl discovers he is serving up more than simply food, but also a deeper connection with his life and his family that is truly delicious in its own way. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Miami-born Carl Casper is the head chef of Gauloise in Brentwood, California. While popular with his kitchen staff and hostess Molly, the restaurant owner Riva wants Carl to stick to "classics" rather than innovative dishes. Carl has a strained relationship with his tech-savvy preteen son Percy and rich ex-wife Inez. When Carl has the chance to serve prestigious critic and blogger Ramsey Michel, Riva demands he stick with old favorites at the last minute; Carl concedes, leading to a scathing review. On Twitter, Carl insults Ramsey for the review, not realizing that his reply is public, and gains a large Twitter following. Carl comes up with a new menu that his staff loves and invites Ramsey to a "rematch"; however, he quits after confronting Riva, who wants the old menu again.. Los Angeles-based executive chef Carl Casper was once deemed the one to watch within the business. But years working for Riva at upscale Gauloise, Riva who promised him creative control but who has ended up dictating that he cater the menu and his cooking to the tastes of the masses, Carl has lost that promise, although his staff, including his sous chef Tony, the sommelier Molly, but especially one of the line cooks Martin, still admire his talent. Carl may not realize how much this stifling has affected his psyche, that negativity which led to the dissolution of his marriage to Inez, and he having a strained relationship with his and Inez's ten year old son Percy, who only wants to spend quality time with his physically present but mentally absent father in their mandated time together. In being a social media newbie, Carl ends up having a very public breakdown. In the aftermath, Carl, with nothing else he wants to do but be a chef, has to reinvent himself in some manner to get back on his feet. He decides to take Inez up a long standing offer concerning her first husband, Miami-based entrepreneur Marvin who has a hygiene fetish. Despite not fully trusting Marvin, Carl may rediscover his passion for cooking and in the process his passion for life in general, that passion which may bring those things of importance that he has lost in the ten years back. Huggo Carl Casper is a disillusioned chef fed up with his restaurant's management, poor reviews and lack of creativity. After an online battle with a well-known critic leads to further frustration, Carl decides to leave and go solo as a food truck operator in a bid to rediscover his flair for cooking. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Miami born Carl Casper (Jon Favreau) is the head chef at Gauloise restaurant in Brentwood, California. Unfortunately, he is not happy with things at the moment, feeling he's been in a deep creative rut for a long time. Carl has also recently divorced his wealthy ex-wife Inez (Sofia Vergara) and although they are still good friends, his relationship with his tech-savvy 10 years old son Percy (Emjay Anthony) has suffered and gone strained and awkward, mostly because Carl doesn't keep his promises and doesn't allow Percy anywhere near his professional world. When Ramsey Michel (Oliver Platt), a prestigious food critic and blogger announces that he will be at Gauloise this evening, Carl gets excited with all the ideas that flow through his mind about how he could cook a good menu and impress the critic. However, while popular with his kitchen staff and hostess Molly (Scarlett Johansson), Carl butts head with the restaurant owner Riva (Dustin Hoffman) who insists that Carl sticks to his tired old "classics" rather than innovative dishes since they have made the restaurant quite successful so far. Carl reluctantly concedes to cook his "biggest hits" instead of the menu he had in mind. Unimpressed by the food he is served, Ramsey writes a scathing review about the restaurant and even takes personal stabs at Carl in the process. The review goes viral on Twitter. In a moment of anger, Carl, who doesn't understand much about Twitter, replies to Ramsey in what he believes will be a private message but is actually a public reply seen by thousands of people and gains a large Twitter following. Inspired by the war of words he gets into with Ramsey, Carl comes up with a new menu that he spends all night cooking and has his staff taste the next morning. Emboldened by their positive reaction, Carl then invites Ramsey to a "rematch". Unfortunately, Riva confronts Carl again and refuses to let him change the menu at the moment. He also orders Carl to publicly apologize to Ramsey. After Riva gives him an ultimatum, Carl walks out and allows his sous-chef Tony (Bobby Cannavale) to take over his chef duties. At home, Carl prepares the menu he wanted to serve to Ramsey just to get it out of his system. Meanwhile, Tony does his best in the kitchen but Ramsey is unimpressed and starts to tweet bad about Carl again, leading Carl to go to the restaurant, where he publicly berates Ramsey while onlookers film the whole incident. Videos featuring Carl's meltdown go viral, and his professional credentials suddenly evaporates. He tries to hook up with a couple of restaurants but no one is interested in him after all the bad press. Molly encourages Carl to take the opportunity to take some time off, lay low and spend some time with his son. She also adds that Carl hasn't been happy for a long time and shouldn't be cooking for anyone else but himself ever again. His ex-wife Inez, in an attempt to help Carl out of his funk, hires Carl as a nanny to their son while they go on a trip to Miami to visit family. While in Miami, Carl falls back in love with Cuban cuisine and finally agrees to speak with Inez's first husband Marvin (Robert Downey Jr.) to discuss a business proposal about running a food truck, an idea he has been dismissing for a while now. Marvin offers him a dilapidated food truck, and Carl reluctantly accepts. He also finds out that Marvin and Inez spent some time together after his divorce from Inez, which makes him a little jealous. Carl, with some help from Percy whom Inez left with her dad on purpose, starts putting some heavy work on the truck to clean it, fix it and restore it as best as he can. The experience ignites a bond between father and son, especially when they buy equipment to restock the truck. Carl buys Percy his first chef's knife, letting him know he's willing to teach him what he knows. Martin (John Leguizamo), Carl's friend and former kitchen staff from Gauloise, shows up unannounced and offers to work with Carl on the food truck, having just turned down a promotion at Gauloise as soon as he heard Carl had something else going on. Carl hires him right away feeling rejuvenated and passionate about cooking again. After finishing work on the truck, they have a test run with some of Marvin's employees, offering Cuban sandwiches and cerveza for free. Satisfied with their work, Carl and Martin discuss driving the truck back to California and visit some cities along the way when Percy insists on coming with them. The two agree to take him on a road trip. The next day, Martin picks up Carl and Percy after having done a magnificent paint job on the truck and fixed the sound system. He also came up with a name for the truck: "El Jefe" which is the nickname he always gives Carl. And thus, begin their road trip. The three drive the food truck across the country back to Los Angeles, serving top-quality Cuban sandwiches and yucca fries. Unbeknownst to Carl and Martin at first, Percy finds ways to promote the food truck on social medias, attracting crowds everywhere they go, and the truck becomes successful in New Orleans and Austin, Texas, where the daily specials include items made with local ingredients such as beignets, PO' boys and barbecued brisket. Carl also makes an effort to spend some quality time alone with his son and the two keep growing closer. In a moment of pure happiness and excitement at working the truck and how things are going, Carl casually says "I love you" to Inez over the phone which she answers back without thinking. The two share an awkward moment of silence before hanging up. That night, Carl has a heart to heart conversation with his son to let him know how much he enjoyed the time he spent with his son but the summer is about to end and things will probably go back to the way they were before with school and work getting in the way of their time together and he doesn't want Percy to be disappointed if it does. Percy doesn't want things to go back to the way they were so he offers to work the food truck after school and on the weekends with his dad but Carl turns him down, wanting him to focus on school. Back in Los Angeles, soon after dropping his son back at Inez's house, Carl realizes the importance of his relationship with his son and calls him back to accept his offer to help out on weekends and holidays. Some times later, at a food truck event where Carl, Martin and Percy are working together while Inez is taking orders and handling the cash register, Ramsey visits the truck and asks to speak with Carl. Carl explains how much Ramsey's critique hurt him deeply and knocked him out. Ramsey explains that he wrote the bad review because he was disappointed Carl had settled at Gauloise and he knew Carl's creativity did not suit a restaurant which had been serving the same menu for years. He also explains he never meant to hurt Carl, he thought their Twitter war was just for showmanship. He then reveals he sent someone to buy him one of Carl's sandwiches and he loved it. He then leaves with an offer to bankroll a new restaurant where Carl will have full creative control over the menu. Flash forward six months later, the new restaurant is successful but closed at the moment for a private event: Carl and Inez's second wedding. 