 The Old Man & the Gun (2018)44) Based on the true story of Forrest Tucker and his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Based on the true story of Forrest Tucker (Robert Redford), from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are detective John Hunt (Casey Affleck), who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman (Sissy Spacek), who loves him in spite of his chosen profession. Fox Searchlight Pictures Crime, mostly robberies, is the only life Forrest Tucker has ever known. He is happy in this life and can't imagine doing anything else. Although he carries a gun when he commits his crimes, those crimes are of a non-violent nature on his part and always carried out with a smile on his face to reflect his true mood. That life has resulted in him being incarcerated several times leading to sixteen successful escapes from one correctional facility or prison after another. It's 1981, and Forrest, now seventy-four years old, has teamed up with similarly aged Teddy Green and John Waller to hold-up banks across the US south, Forrest the front man, Waller the lookout man, and Teddy the getaway driver. Outwardly, the hold-ups are unsophisticated, but they work largely on the premise that the bank tellers and managers with who Forrest deals will only remember him as being an unknown, harmless, friendly old man to who they in turn want to see no harm come, the robberies not even making the evening news. As such, no law enforcement officer will piece together the fact that a crime spree is actually happening. In the course of solely trying to evade the police after one of those hold-ups, Forrest meets widowed Jewel. He is eventually up front with her about what he does, and their friendship/burgeoning romance leads to Forrest, for the first time in a long time, wanting to take care of someone other than himself. She may thus factor into how he sees his long term life of crime. Meanwhile, Police Detective John Hunt has skated through his professional life without much effort or reward. He hitting the milestone of his fortieth birthday and learning after the fact that he and his adolescent son were actually in one of the banks when it was being held up leads to John wanting to make a name for himself, if only for himself and his family. So it becomes his mission after he does piece together that three old men have been robbing banks to apprehend them, whoever they are and however harmless Forrest may seem. Huggo He may not look it; however, Forrest Tucker is a lifelong criminal, an expert escape artist, and a master bank robber. Without a doubt, his impeccable sense of fashion, his unwavering belief to never resort to violence, being polite, and robbing just enough money, always with a big smile on his lips, are the key components of Tucker's infallible strategy. Then, after a successful robbery, Forrest has a chance encounter with Jewel, a lady in distress, and they form an innocent relationship. But, committed Forrest and his team have already caught the attention of Detective Hunt, who embarks on a mission to find the robbers and bring them in. Can Tucker renounce his former self and reform for the sake of kind-hearted Jewel? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 