 100 Streets (2016)211) Three people, three extraordinary stories. All lived out within a hundred London streets. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three stories are told that take place in London. Although they are separate stories, part of each story is told, and then the movie goes to another of the stories and tells part of that story. One of the characters shares scenes with a character from the other two stories, though this character only interacts with one of those characters. Other than that, the stories are not actually connected. Kingsley is Black and lives with his mother and young sister Amelia. The father is not in the picture. Kingsley recites poetry and at one point auditions for an acting role, but for now he and a friend sell drugs. The person he works for is recruiting kids (some of them white) and he tells them there will be an initiation. This probably explains a tragic event that happens later. Max is a sports celebrity whose main activity these days is a foundation that supports young boys playing rugby. While he puts on a front, he is actually quite depressed at losing so much of what made his life worthwhile. He has his young children Leo and Evie but he has separated from their mother Emily, who is with Jake now. Max would like to get back together but Emily is not that interested. She was an actress before and would like to go back to that. For now she is auditioning actors at the Great Hall. George is a cab driver and also coaches young children. He and Kathy would like to adopt but George has a past. Whatever George did, that was thirty years ago. Kingsley and a friend try to con their way into the VIP room at a club, and their actions get them arrested. Kingsley is sentenced to community service at a cemetery where he meets Terence, an older man who also likes poetry and listens to music on headphones. Terence mentions being ten years old in 1964. Kingsley is reluctant to help him at first because that's not required and he has done enough work, but the two eventually become good friends. One of the poems Terence recites has the words "100 Streets", the movie's title, and those words are also in a song played in the closing credits. Meanwhile, Kingsley's mom finds a gun in his room and kicks him out. Now Kingsley needs a place to go, and as he tries to give up the life he has had, he auditions for Emily at the Great Hall. Max attempts to get back together with Emily, and while she does give in to temptation, it was a mistake. Max gets drunk and gets in trouble, but not too much trouble since he is a celebrity. George was finished for the day, but one man begs him to go ahead and take him where he needs to go. Someone not watching the traffic walks out into the street and George must dodge her, and he hits a woman who later dies. While George is dealing with this, Kathy is running in a charity event and wonders why he won't pick her up afterward. George later goes to the funeral, watching from a distance, in a scene where Kingsley and Terence also appear. Max has a nice time at a park with Emily and the kids. Those kids who are working for Kingsley's boss beat Terence up and steal his headphones. One films the event, which makes it apparent this is their initiation and they have to prove what they did. Terence looks bad when Kingsley sees him later but Terence doesn't see what happened as a big deal. But he should have gotten himself checked out because he later dies from his injuries. When Kingsley is with the group and sees the headphones, he beats up the kid who has them, takes the headphones, and runs away. Max goes to Emily's house and discovers a scrapbook of photos of Emily with Jake. There is a large gun in the house and he takes it out and loads it. Before long, news crews and numerous cops have arrived and while shopping, Emily's daughter sees their house on TV. Max is waving the gun scaring people, and he is very angry. A sniper is waiting for the right moment to fire at Max. Emily shows up and tries to help calm the situation. At the same time, Kingsley is dealing with his friend who snitched, and someone pulls a gun. The screen goes black as a gun is fired. It is someone with Kingsley who was shot, and Max gives up and is taken into custody. Kathy persuades George to start living life again, and he meets with the brother of the woman he killed. The brother doesn't seem to blame George and just wants to know if she was happy. George assures her she was. 