 Tangerines (2013)44) In 1992, war rages in Abkhazia, a breakaway region of Georgia. An Estonian man Ivo has decided to stay behind and harvest his crops of tangerines. In a bloody conflict at his door, a wounded man is left behind, and Ivo takes him in. War in Georgia, Abkhazia region 1992: local Abkhaz are fighting to break free from Georgia. Estonian village between the mountains has become empty, almost everyone has returned to their homeland, only 2 men have stayed: Ivo and Margus. But Margus will leave as soon as he has harvested his crops of tangerines. In a bloody conflict in their miniature village wounded men are left behind, and Ivo is forced to take them in. But they are from opposite sides of the war. This is touching anti-war story about Estonians who find themselves in the middle of someone else's war. How do they handle it? How do the enemies act under third-party roof? Annts Ivo, an old Estonian farmer, has stayed back in Gerogia along with his friend, Margus to harvest the abundant Tangerines. His bleak life is turned upside down when he decides to shelter Ahmed, a Muslim Chechen mercenary and a Georgian, Niko, both having lost their men & injured heavily from combat. It does not help matters that the pair are constantly waiting to pounce back at each other once their respective health permits. PipingHotViews 1992. A war rages in Abkhazia, a separatist region within Georgia. A small village in the region has a largely Estonian population but the vast majority of them have left, due to the war. Two men remain - Ivo and Margus. They are staying to harvest, box and sell Margus's tangerine crop. However, the war catches up with them when a skirmish between the opposing forces occurs in their village. The only survivors are on opposing sides - a Georgian and a Chechen mercenary - and they're both wounded. Ivo takes them both in, but the animosity between the two soldiers could end in bloodshed. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 