 The Theory of Everything (2014)541) A look at the relationship between the famous physicist Stephen Hawking and his wife. The Theory of Everything is the story of the most brilliant and celebrated physicist of our time, Stephen Hawking, and Jane Wilde, the arts student he fell in love with while studying at Cambridge in the 1960s. Little was expected from Hawking, a bright but shiftless student of cosmology, after he was given just two years to live following the diagnosis of a fatal illness (ALS) at 21 years of age. He became galvanized, however, by the love Jane Wilde, and went on to be called the "successor to Einstein," as well as a husband and father to their three children. Over the course of their marriage, however, as Stephen's body collapsed and his academic renown soared, fault lines were exposed that tested the resolve of their relationship and dramatically altered the course of both of their lives. The Times In the 1960s, Cambridge University student and future physicist Stephen Hawking falls in love with fellow collegian Jane Hawking . At 21, Hawking learns that he has motor neuron disease. Despite this -- and with Jane at his side -- he begins an ambitious study of time, of which he has very little left, according to his doctor. He and Jane defy terrible odds and break new ground in the fields of medicine and science, achieving more than either could hope to imagine. Jwelch5742 In early-1960s Cambridge, the cosmology student, Stephen Hawking , meets the medieval Spanish poetry student, Jane Hawking ; two kindred spirits with a mutual curiosity for each other. Sadly, however, with the world at the feet of the two young dreamers, at the age of twenty-one, then comes Hawking's dreadful diagnosis with ALS: an incurable, progressive degenerative motor-neuron disease. In the wake of this terrible news, with the doctors giving Stephen only a couple of years to live, determined and loyal Jane storms into his life, marries him, and eventually, they have three children together. But, as Hawking's physical decline is steadily weakening his frail body, on the other hand, his mind remains sharp, always in pursuit of that single equation that could explain the elusive "Theory of Everything". Up until now, Stephen Hawking , who is in his mid-seventies, has no plans to retire, trying tirelessly to prove his theory. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts as the Cambridge student Stephen Hawking meets Jane, and although shy at first, eventually they both get close. Stephen soon learns about his illness and decides to shut Jane off from his life. But Jane insists they stay together, knowing the illness will progress and slowly take Stephen away from her. They get married soon after, and Stephen soon graduates his doctoral study, having more interest to cosmological physics. Jane stands by Stephen as the illness progresses, impairing his locomotion, balance, speech and even swallowing. They have two children and Stephen's work starts to gain spotlight. But little by little, Jane starts to lose her spirit, though she doesn't reveal it. Jane's mother advises her to join the church choir to help fill her spare time so she goes. There she meets the choir's tutor Jonathan. Jonathan gets close to Jane and her family, even with Stephen. He goes as far as being a helping hand for Stephen when the family goes on an outdoors trip. Jane ultimately starts to feel attracted to Jonathan. But Jonathan backs away when friends and families start to whisper. As Jane goes with Jonathan, Stephen goes to watch an opera. But Stephen has an episode and goes into a coma, and the doctors hesitate in doing a tracheotomy on him due to his muscles already having atrophied which means Stephen's ability to speak will be impaired. Jane insists on a tracheotomy, but the family then struggle communicating with Stephen. Jane hires a help, Elaine, who quickly suits Stephen's needs while Jane slowly slips away from him. Stephen then gets the robotic speech aid program which helps him a lot. But then Jane reaches her limit and she and Stephen get a divorce. Jane goes on to marry Jonathan. But Stephen calls for Jane, as the first spouse, to accompany him in receiving a title from the Queen. 