 Return to Sender (I) (2015)541) A nurse living in small town goes on a blind date with a man who is not the person he says he is. An attractive but lonely nurse accepts a blind date setup by a co-worker and arranges for them to meet at her home. A stranger arrives on her porch before the arranged time and she mistakes him for her blind date. The stranger rapes her and leaves her seriously traumatized. Her life falls apart and she enters depression. She learns much later he is in a prison an hour away and begins visiting him, first to confront him and her fears. Then she starts to flirt and her spirits improve dramatically in the rest of her life. hoodinki The single nurse Miranda Wells is preparing to become surgical nurse and is buying the house of her dreams. Miranda is very close to her father Mitchell Wells that is helping her to fix her house to sell it to raise the necessary money to buy the other house. One day, a colleague schedules a blind date with a sweet man called Kevin. Miranda is still getting dressed when she sees a man on the porch. She assumes that the man is Kevin and invites him in, but he is actually a rapist that rapes her. When the real Kevin arrives, he finds Miranda in the kitchen and calls the police. Miranda identifies the rapist William Finn that is immediately arrested. When she recovers, her life turns upside down since nobody wants to buy her house and she can not be a surgical nurse since her right hand has tremors after the rape. Out of the blue, she writes a letter to William but the letter returns to her. She insists on sending it and when she receives a reply, she goes to the prison to visit William. When Williams is released, he is welcomed by Miranda in her house. What is happening to Miranda? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Misfit local petty criminal assumes the identity of hospital colleague-arranged blind date Kevin with single nurse Miranda Wells and when she tries to send him home, rapes her, but is quickly arrested and sent to jail, where he domineers cellmate Randy. After returning her letters repeatedly, he agrees to her visiting, which becomes regular and ever more friendly. Once paroled, handsome William starts a new life as handyman and visits to help her renovate her home, but he and her concerned but kept-aloof father Mitchell Wells are in for grim surprises. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A small town nurse agrees to a blind date, but the man who shows up is not who he seems. After a brutal assault she must find a way to regain her sanity. 