 I, a Slave (2013)Summaries A young woman is kidnapped and held captive by two men in a terraced house in a busy London neighborhood. She is slowly conditioned to accept her captivity by threats of death to her young son and by the threat of a mysterious all seeing network that will seek punishment if she were ever to expose her situation. Complex relationships develop between the captors and the woman resulting in an explosive finish in this dark and disturbing drama. Anonymous Amber (Perdita Lawton) a 26 year old single mother is kidnapped and held captive by two men, Father (Grahame Edwards) 55 and Sonny (William Ashby) 22. Amber is chained subjected to periods of isolation and sexual violence to make her more compliant. Father has files on Amber and know all about her background, as we learn later that he is an ex policeman with active contacts within the police. Father tells Amber of 'The Network' who are in every walk of life, police, politicians, businessmen, judiciary etc. If Amber escapes or informs anybody of her captivity the network will hunt her down where ever she goes and kill her two year old son. Amber is allowed to view her son from a distance who is with his grandmother and a 'network' member. Amber accepts that she cannot escape and is unchained and allowed into the rest of the house as a slave to do Father's bidding. The relationship between Amber & Sonny is strained because he too has been forced by Father to sexually abuse Amber. Father shows Amber moments of kindness and psychologically maneuvers Amber into accepting her captivity as normal. Amber contemplates running away and suicide but is deterred by the fear of her son being kidnapped and killed as a punishment. Father works in the intelligence community and has to go away on business abroad, leaving Sonny to manage Amber. Slowly a relationship develops between Amber and Sonny. Tenderness shown by Amber is the first he has encountered in his life, as we learn that he too had been kidnapped by Father and conditioned to take part in Father's kidnapping and captivity of other people, and supplying the network with new slaves. Father had also forced Sonny to kill his long lost real father. Love and a sexual relationship develops between Amber and Sonny until Father returns unexpectedly and catches them together. As punishment Amber and Sonny are taken to basement and chained. Sonny becomes uncommunicative and turns his back on Amber. Father unchains Sonny and orders him to kidnap Amber's son so that Father can kill the boy in front of Amber before shipping her off to another network member abroad. Sonny finally says 'no' and ends up stabbing Father to death. Sonny takes the large amount of cash father has hidden and leaves the house with Amber to freedom. Fear of the network and mistrustful of the authorities Sonny and Amber go with Amber's son to start a new life under new identities. Suj Ahmed It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 