 Corbin Nash (2018)Summaries A rogue Police Detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and then reborn as the ultimate killer. Set in a bloodthirsty Los Angeles, California, rogue detective Corbin Nash's (Dean Jagger's) obsessive search for the truth behind his parents' murders leads him to confront a monstrous duo of Queeny (Corey Feldman) and Vince (Richard Wagner), who drag him into a Hellish nightmare for which he was never prepared. Lost to an underworld of horrors dating back to the dawn of time, he soon discovers that he is actually the last surviving member of the Nash family, a historic clan of demon hunters. As he is forced to acknowledge a foreboding destiny, he is attacked and brutally left for dead, only to be recovered by Macy (Fernanda Romero), a pure soul who is led by the mysterious Blind Prophet (Malcolm McDowell). At last, Detective Nash is reborn the ultimate killer. Seeking vengeance, he wages a violent war on the beasts that roam the darkness of this world, finally embracing his true legacy - Corbin Nash, Demon Hunter. Jagger Wagner Productions In New York City, New York, skeptical rogue detective Corbin Nash (Dean Jagger) learns from a veteran cop and his mentor Jack (Bruce Davison) that his parents were demon hunters killed by demons. He moves to Los Angeles, California to investigate cases of missing people with his partner Frank Sullivan (Chris Pardal) and they stumble upon the sadistic criminals Queeny (Corey Feldman) and Vince (Richard Wagner). Nash is abducted and tortured by the duo and other monsters and dumped in an alley and considered to be dead. However, stripper Macy is guided by the mysterious Blind Prophet (Malcolm McDowell) and brings Nash home to treat him. But soon Nash dies and is reborn as a monstrous demon hunter and hunts down Queeny and Vince. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 