 It's Entertainment (2014)431) Akhil, an underdog and a failure, comes to know that his real father is a rich diamond merchant who has just passed away. When he goes to retrieve his wealth, he learns that a dog has inherited it. Akhil (Akshay Kumar) finds out that he is the heir of 3000 crore rupees as he and his mother were abandoned by his diamond baron father (Panna Laal Johari) who is now dead. However, his life goes Topsy-turvy when he learns that the empire goes to entertainment (a dog). Ajit Tiwari Akhil and Saakshi are in love but Saakshi's father will marry her to Akhil only when he becomes rich.Akhil finds out that he is adoptive son of a drunkard father and his illegitimate child of Bangkok based billionaire Pannalal Johri. News flashes on television about death of Pannalal Johri and his 3000 Crore property will go to the one who can prove his relationship with him.Akhil reaches his mansion in Bangkok and finds from the lawyer Habibullah that owner of the property is Entertainment pet dog of Pannalal Johri.Akhil and his friend Jugnu try many tricks to kill Entertainment which all back fire them.Karan and Arjun partners of Pannalal Johri escape jail and plan to kill Akhil when they find he is son of Pannalal Johri. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Akhil Lokande (Akshay Kumar) getting paid for doing an ad, where he gets into a spat, as he wasn't paid the full amount of money that they had talked about. This continues with a few other ads, where Akhil constantly ends the spat when he gets a phone call, and says he has to go somewhere. He then arrives on a shoot where Saakshi (Tamannaah Bhatia) is shooting for her television series. After her shoot lets out, they go for a walk around the park, observing other couples. At the end of their walk, Akhil proposes to Saakshi. Akhil and Saakshi go to her father's (Mithun Chakraborty) house, where they are told that until Akhil becomes rich, he can't marry Saakshi. Akhil goes to his film-obsessed friend's shop, where it is (Darshan Jariwala) who turns out to have no pains, and is dancing around with the nurse, only staying in the hospital, because it has service like a 5-Star hotel. Akhil arrives just in time to hear this, and goes to beat up his father, when he reveals that Akhil is adopted and his real father wasn't ready for a child so his mother left, but was killed in a train crash. Luckily Akhil survived, and was sent to his adoptive father. Then Akhil beats him up. He goes back to his house, and opens the chest that he never had before, which contains love letters from his real father, to his mother, and a locket with his father and mother's pictures. He discovers that his father is Pannalal Johri (Dalip Tahil) who is a billionaire in Bangkok. Right as he finds this, on the television comes news that Pannalal Johri is dead and his 30 crore's will go to anyone who can prove that they are related to Pannalal Johri. 