 Welcome Back (2015)431) A pair of reformed gangsters try to find a husband for their newly discovered sister, but complications arise due to mistaken identities. Uday Shetty and Majnu Bhai have left the underworld, and are now big businessmen. Two women, Chandni and Maharani, enter their life. Chandni is the new love in Uday Shetty and Majnu's life and both friends dream of tying the knot with her. However, Appa - Uday's father, plays spoilsport by bringing in his other daughter, Ranjana. He tells Uday Shetty to get her married to someone from a good family. Maharani puts a condition that only after her sister is married, will Chandni will marry one of them. Now, a search to find a suitable husband for Ranjana starts. Soumyaranjan Nayak Uday and Majnu have left world of crime and leave a decent life but Majnu regrets leaving that life, when they see their gang members being happily married with kids they also decide to get married.Both fall in love with Rajkumari Chandini daughter of Maharani Padmavati but in reality both are con women Poonam and Babita who have come to con them.While they are discussing who should marry Chandini ,Uday's father arrives and tells him that he has one more sister Ranjana from his third marriage and he should get her married before.Uday and Majnu then contact Dr Ghungroo as he can only give them a suitable bride for Ranjana around the same time Ghungroo finds that his wife has an illegitimate child Ajju whose well known goon in Mumbai.Ranjana and Ajju meet an fall in love and she introduces him as Ajay to her brothers but Majnu gets suspicious about his style and exposes Ajju on the engagement day Ajju challenges Majnu that he will marry only Ranjana and no one else.Uday and Majnu go to Wanted Bhai in order to take his help to stop the marriage but land in trouble when they find his drug addict son Honey also loves Ranjana. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Bhais (Term used in India for Underworld Don's) and their goons are back after their mad performances in Welcome (2007). Uday Shetty and Majnu Bhai have left the underworld, and are now big businessmen. Two women, Chandni and Maharani, enter their life. Chandni is the new love in Uday Shetty and Majnu's life and both friends dream of tying the knot with her. However, Appa - Uday's father, makes it challenging by bringing in his other daughter, Ranjana. He tells Uday Shetty to get her married to someone from a good family. Maharani puts a condition that only after her sister is married, will Chandni will marry one of them. Now, a search to find a suitable husband for Ranjana starts. But the troubles starts when Ranjana Already has a boyfriend (John Abraham) who already has a criminal routine to follow...Now Bhais have to get Ranjana merried to a boy with non criminal background by avoiding John and his Temper so that they can get married with the Chandani and while Paresh Rawal has his own Agenda..and thus the the Mad riot starts.. 