 A Small September Affair (2014)211) A beautiful girl who has everything. Charming, playful, in her own words: 'too joyful to fall in love.' A sudden car crash, and her heart stops for a few minutes. When she wakes up, everyone assures 'every-thing's alright.' But she knows it isn't. Because she cant remember her final month; a September of her life is missing. Leading a trail of hastily covered clues she finds herself in a remote Aegean island. A weird looking, grubby recluse, comes up-to him and proclaims: 'Don't you remember me? I'm the man you fell in love with.' Everything sensible about her screams 'get out of there' but she follows her memories right onto the tragic end of a miraculous affair. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Everything is going well In the life of a city girl called Eylul, but after an unfortunate accident she forgets the last month of her life she spent on an Island 'Bozcaada'. Incidents take place where flashbacks from the past month haunt her until she decides to visit the place to remember. Everyone around her, all her friends and family tell her not to and, despite their discouragement Eylul suspecting something is wrong. Simply by listening to her instincts Eylul goes back to Island 'Bozcaada' never knowing what to expect until a chance encounter with a strange dowdy man Tekin who call out to her 'Eylul dont you remember me? you fell in love with me on this Island". The story takes place where the mysterious stranger 'Tekin' tries to make Eylul remember their 'summer love' and relive the passion filled moments they spent together. Does Eylul remember? will she give her forgotten love another chance ? Is there more to beauty than physical appearance are the themes that run the plot of the film. Produced by 'Ay Yapim', a romantic,mysteroius and dramatic love story starring Engin Akyurek and Farah Zeynep Abdullah, director and screenwritten by Kerem Deren. -------------------------------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------------------------------- Eyll hayatta istedigi her seye sahiptir. Gzel, neseli, eglenceli. Ta ki bir gn basina bir sey gelene ve yasaminin son bir ayini unutana dek... Eylln ailesi, arkadaslari her seyin yolunda oldugunu syleyip dururken, Eyll bir seylerin ters gittigini anlamaya baslar. Ve hatirlamadigi bir olayin pesinden Bozcaadaya gider. Orada, daha nce hi grmedigi derbeder, garip bir adam, ona seslenir: "Eyll. Beni hatirlamiyor musun? Sen burada, bu adada bana asik oldun." 