 The Flash (2014 )88) After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma to discover he's been given the power of super speed, becoming the next Flash, fighting crime in Central City. Barry Allen is a Central City police forensic scientist with a reasonably happy life, despite the childhood trauma of a mysterious red and yellow lightning killing his mother and framing his father. All that changes when a massive particle accelerator accident leads to Barry being struck by lightning in his lab. Coming out of coma nine months later, Barry and his new friends at S.T.A.R labs find that he now has the ability to move at superhuman speed. Furthermore, Barry learns that he is but one of many affected by that event, most of whom are using their powers for evil. Determined to make a difference, Barry dedicates his life to fighting such threats, as The Flash. While he gains allies he never expected, there are also secret forces determined to aid and manipulate him for their own agenda. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Nine months after "The Particle Accelerator" explosion, Barry Allen wakes up from his coma and discovers that the explosion gave him the power of super speed. Others were affected and gained new abilities as well. However, not all of them use it for good. With Barry's new powers and team of scientists, he becomes "The Flash" and helps fight crime and protects Central City. Barry Allen was struck by lightning and got in a coma for 9 months. After he awoke from his coma 9 months later, Barry met Cisco Ramon, Harrison Wells and Caitlin Snow. He later on realized that he has powers and how it had been caused by the explosion of the particle accelerator. Barry Allen is a forensic scientist and crime scene investigator at The Central City Police Department with a reasonable happy life, despite the childhood trauma of a man in a red and yellow bizarre killing his mother and framing his father for it. All that changes when a massive particle accelerator created by visionary physicist Dr. Harrison Wells and his team at S.T.A.R Labs causes a malfunction creating a freak storm, killing many people and Barry being struck by lightning in his lab. He wakes up after a coma nine months later. He and his new friends at S.T.A.R Labs discover that he has superhuman speed and can run on both land and water. He can move, think and react at light speeds. He can also vibrate so fast that he can pass through walls, travel through time and lend or borrow speed. He heals more quickly than an average human. Later, he learns that he is but one of the many affected by the incident, most of them who are using their powers for evil. Determined to make a difference, Barry dedicates his life to fighting such threats as The Flash. Ron Shaju After being struck by lightning and being affected by particle excelerator explosion, Barry Allen wakes up with incredible speed. He calls himself the flash. Now he is desperate to find the person that killed his mother when he was a child. Barry travels back in time on multiple occasions and screws everything up several times and ruins his friends lives but he's a funny guy. He is also a superhero and has saved hundreds of people's lives so he's a good guy. The flash continually gets help from other superheroes like the arrow and Supergirl After being struck by lightning, Barry Allen (Grant Gustin) is reborn. Now having super speed, he has a new name. The Flash. With the help of his friends, he fights crime and find other metahumans like him. And he will do anything to stop them. He is the Flash. After a particle accelerator causes a freak storm, CSI Investigator Barry Allen is struck by lightning and falls into a coma. Months later he awakens with the power of super speed, granting him the ability to move through Central City like an unseen guardian angel. Though initially excited by his newfound powers, Barry is shocked to discover he is not the only "meta-human" who was created in the wake of the accelerator explosion -- and not everyone is using their new powers for good. Barry partners with S.T.A.R. Labs and dedicates his life to protect the innocent. For now, only a few close friends and associates know that Barry is literally the fastest man alive, but it won't be long before the world learns what Barry Allen has become...The Flash. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 