 Nothing in Return (2015)541) A teen from a dysfunctional home in Madrid skips school to hang out with a friend and raise bail money for a shop owner who fences stolen bike parts. 16 year-old Dario got away from home, running from his familiar hell. Luismi, his unconditional friend, Caralimpia, a poor loser in a winners suit and Antonia, an old lady who collects abandoned furniture in her three-wheeler will become his new family. Three generations meet in a city that's too big to be alone. It's summertime. Dario, a teen living with his divorced mother in Madrid, takes to the streets when he is expelled from school. He finds a new family in his overweight friend, Luismi; Antonia, an old lady who collects and resells trashed furniture; and Caralimpia, a bike shop owner who fences stolen motorcycles and parts. Havan IronOak In search of purpose, sixteen-year-old Daro runs away from his dysfunctional family to find alternatives and his place in the world. Bound by strong friendship, Daro and his inseparable companion, Luismi, start to build their future while living in the margins of society, striking up an acquaintance with other kindred spirits, such as Justo Caralimpia and 93-year-old Antonia. It's summertime in Madrid, and the best friends will soon have to take matters into their own hands, entering a cruel world of crime. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dario got away from home, running from his familiar hell. Luismi, his unconditional friend, Caralimpia, a poor looser in a winners suit and Antonia, an old lady that collects abandoned furniture in her three weeler will become his new family. Three generations meet in city thats too big to be alone. Its summertime. Daro, se escapa de su casa huyendo de su infierno familiar. Luismi, su amigo incondicional, Caralimpia, un pobre diablo con envoltura de triunfador y Antonia, una anciana que recoge muebles abandonados con su motocarro se convierten en su nueva familia. Tres generaciones se encuentran en una ciudad demasiado grande para estar solo. Es verano. 