 Marshland (2014)44) Two cops lost in the deep south of Spain. One serial killer to catch. A lot of secrets and lies to disclose. 1980. In a little town close to Coto of Doana (Andalusia, south to Spain), two teen girls have disappeared. The father of one of the girls, who have connections with important people in the forces of the law, gets that two police detectives of homicides from Madrid are assigned to the mission to find the girls if they are alive, or find the assassin if they appear died. The detectives are Pedro Surez and Juan Robles. While that Surez is a young, taciturn and circumspect agent in a Spain that it tries to find a new identity as democratic country after General Franco's death in 1975, Robles is a veteran, funny and expeditious agent, with a mysterious past as alleged member of Franco's Armed Police dismantled in 1978. Unable to reconcile one with each other, Surez and Robles find trapped by the hostile environment of a place where the old Franco's methods and customs still alive, and where they two aren't welcome. When the girls appears died, the following investigation move the cops to discover deaths happened before of other teen girls that they never were investigated. While Surez meets beautiful Roco, an enigmatic woman of the town, Robles learns to move by the town looking for information, learning about rich and powerful people that make their will with total impunity. But according the clues signs Quini, a young of the town charming and womanizer related with the girls, a journalist arrives to the town to report about the case, contacting Surez about it and about Robles' past. Without more options, Surez and Robles will have to leave their differences apart not only for solve the case, but not dying in the try. Chockys There are a series of disappearances of young women in a small town in the south of Spain. Two of the missing girls become the center of a investigation after the mother of both reports her disappearance. Two detectives are sent to the place to investigate what happened. Pedro, of modern ideas and about to be a father, and Juan, violent and sick, must forget their totally different ideals and join forces to overcome a series of difficulties and discover the whereabouts of the girls. Nuria Rivera As Francisco Franco 's heavy shadow still looms over early-1980s Andalusia, two polar opposites--the hard-boiled homicide detective, Pedro Surez, and his young idealist partner, Juan Robles--arrive in a backwater village to investigate the double disappearance of two teenage sisters. Before long, as the death toll rises, the pair of investigators will find themselves hot on the trail of an elusive serial killer, against the backdrop of a dark local conspiracy in the wet and dangerous marshlands. Now, it seems that someone wants the past's well-hidden secrets to remain buried. Who is behind the gruesome Guadalquivir Marshes murders? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 