 Cruella (2021)651) A live-action prequel feature film following a young Cruella de Vil. Before she becomes Cruella de Vil, teenage Estella has a dream. She wishes to become a fashion designer, having been gifted with talent, innovation, and ambition all in equal measures. But life seems intent on making sure her dreams never come true. Having wound up penniless and orphaned in London at 12, 10 years later Estella runs wild through the city streets with her best friends and partners-in-(petty)-crime, Horace and Jasper, two amateur thieves. When a chance encounter vaults Estella into the world of the young rich and famous, however, she begins to question the existence she's built for herself in London and wonders whether she might, indeed, be destined for more after all. Katie "Cruella," which is set in 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution, follows a young grifter named Estella, a clever and creative girl determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief, and together they're able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day, Estella's flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman, a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute, played by 2-time Oscar winner Emma Thompson. But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous, fashionable, and revenge-bent Cruella. Estella is a young and clever grifter who's determined to make a name for herself in the fashion world. She soon meets a pair of thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief, and together they build a life for themselves on the streets of London. However, when Estella befriends fashion legend Baroness von Hellman, she embraces her wicked side to become the raucous and revenge-bent Cruella. avenueviera Against the backdrop of 1970s London emerging punk scene, Estella, a creative and rapaciously ambitious fashion genius, finds herself in the right place at the right time. Then, after catching the eye of narcissistic Baroness, an icy haute-couture icon and undisputed queen of fashion, Estella lands the perfect job, and just like that, the sassy girl starts to live out her dreams of becoming a top fashionista. However, the road to success and empowerment is fraught with struggles, doubts, and uncertainties, and before long, something utterly different and entirely dangerous awakens. Indeed, living in the shadows is such a waste, and only God knows how much Estella has tried to be kind and sweet. Now, bold, confident, jet-black-snow-white-coiffed Cruella emerges, eager to take over, and she takes no prisoners. Has evil ever looked so good? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Estella was born with black and white hair and already considered unusual. Her mother Catherine immediately saw potential in her due to her creativity and her affinity for dogs, especially a stray she picked up named Buddy. Due to her rebellious nature, Catherine pulls Estella from school and they move to London. Catherine attends a party hosted by Baroness von Hellman and tells Estella to stay in the car. However, Estella ends up chasing Buddy and runs afoul of the Baroness' ferocious Dalmatians. As she runs outside, she sees Catherine speaking to the Baroness and the Dalmatians end up running Catherine over a landing and off a cliff to her death. Believing that she killed her mother, Estella takes Buddy and flees into the city, though not before losing an important necklace. Estella is found by two street urchins named Jasper and Horace, as well as their one eyed dog Wink, who reluctantly invite her to stay with them as she dyes her hair red. Ten years later, Estella, Jasper and Horace make a living as thieves and pick-pockets to make ends meet while Estella continues making designs for extravagant clothing. For her birthday, Jasper and Horace get her an entry level job as a janitor for a Liberty fashion store. Her manager continues to belittle her as she tries to make suggestions that are swiftly ignored. While staying late one night, an inebriated Estella "fixes" one of the window displays which is seen by the Baroness in the morning. Impressed, she hires Estella to join her elite team of clothing designers. To expand her creativity, Estella also befriends the owner of a vintage clothing store named Artie who admires her taste in fashion. Estella rises in the ranks and acts as a supervisor of sorts for the Baroness, but upon seeing her necklace being worn by her, and hears the Baroness' claims that it was previously stolen from her, Estella resorts to getting Jasper and Horace to help steal the necklace. Estella, wearing her natural hair color, and adopting the guise of "Cruella", crashes the Baroness' party while Jasper and Horace try to steal the necklace. However, the Baroness is wearing it and Jasper releases rats to distract the party goers. As the Baroness uses a dog whistle to command her Dalmatians, Estella comes to the realization that she used the same whistle to direct her dogs to kill Catherine. One of the Dalmatians ends up swallowing the necklace as Estella, Jasper and Horace flee in a stolen Panther de Ville. Now with a proper motive for revenge, Estella continues to taunt the Baroness by appearing at her lavish gatherings in over the top and stylish outfits and having her childhood friend Anita Darling use her journalistic connections to spread her publicity. Jasper and Horace begin to feel abused by "Cruella", but continue to aid her. The Baroness, growing more and more angered at Cruella, fires her lawyer Roger who returns to his side work as a pianist. Estella continues her taunting by kidnapping the Baroness' Dalmatians until one of the them gives up the necklace. Estella's schemes get more daring as she has Artie create more outfits and together put on a show in the Regent's Park. The Baroness, figuring out that Cruella is Estella, finds her hideout and captures Jasper and Horace. Estella is tied up as she burns the place to the ground while Jasper and Horace are arrested and blamed for her death. However, Estella is rescued by John, the Baroness' valet, who had managed to secure the necklace which is a key to a box containing Estella's birth records. Estella finds out she is actually the Baroness' daughter. Being vain, the Baroness was disappointed with her pregnancy and asked that Estella be gotten rid of; her husband died of grief believing the baby (Estella) had died. John had the baby be taken by Catherine and raised in secret. Angered over being lied to, Estella eventually makes peace with the truth by announcing her intent to avenge Catherine by defeating the Baroness and finally adopting the name Cruella. Cruella breaks out Jasper and Horace and apologizes for not giving them credit while also recruiting Artie for one final scheme. They trick the Baroness' guests into wearing Cruella wigs and break into her party where Cruella, adopting her Estella appearance for one final time, has the Baroness come out to see her and reveals that she knows everything. The Baroness feigns being happy to reunite with her and approaches for a hug. John, Artie, Jasper and Horace have the guests go outside where they witness the Baroness shoving Estella off the landing and over the cliff. The police, having arrived thanks to Cruella, come and arrest the Baroness. Cruella uses a parachute as she fell and returns to witness the Baroness being taken away. Now having adopted the full name of Cruella de Vil, she acquires Hellman Hall (shortening it to Hell Hall) and takes her rightful place as the iconic villain. In a mid-credits scene, Cruella delivers two Dalmatian puppies named Pongo and Perdita to Roger and Anita, respectively. Admiring her name, Roger begins to write the song "Cruella de Vil" as a tribute to her. 