 Loving Vincent (2017)44) In a story depicted in oil painted animation, a young man comes to the last hometown of painter Vincent van Gogh (Robert Gulaczyk) to deliver the troubled artist's final letter and ends up investigating his final days there. A year after the death of artist Vincent van Gogh (Robert Gulaczyk), Postman Joseph Roulin Chris O'Dowd) gets his slacker son, Armand (Douglas Booth), to hand deliver the artist's final letter written to his now late brother, Theo (Cezary Lukaszewicz), to some worthy recipient after multiple failed postal delivery attempts. Although disdainful of this seemingly pointless chore, Armand travels to Auvers-sur-Oise where a purported close companion to Vincent, Dr. Gachet (Jerome Flynn), lives. Having to wait until the doctor returns from business, Armand meets many of the people of that village who not only knew Vincent, but were apparently also models and inspirations for his art. In doing so, Armand becomes increasingly fascinated in the psyche and fate of van Gogh as numerous suspicious details fail to add up. However, as Armand digs further, he comes to realize that Vincent's troubled life is as much a matter of interpretation as his paintings, and there are no easy answers for a man whose work and tragedy would only be truly appreciated in the future. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) In the summer of 1891 in France, nearly twelve months after master painter Vincent van Gogh's (Robert Gulaczyk's) mysterious death, Armand Roulin (Douglas Booth), the local postman's (Chris O'Dowd's) young son, is reluctantly tasked with delivering one of the artist's final letters to his brother, Theo (Cezary Lukaszewicz), in Paris. However, when Armand discovers that Theo, too, met his own demise, he embarks on a mission to investigate Vincent's untimely death, starting off from scenic Auvers-sur-Oise. Has Van Gogh committed suicide or was he murdered? As Armand's search for evidence continues, there's more to this enigma than meets the eye. Nick Riganas One year after Vincent van Gogh's (Robert Gulaczyk's) suicide, Postman Joseph Roulin (Chris O'Dowd) asks his son Armand (Douglas Booth) to deliver van Gogh's last letter to his brother, Theo (Cezary Lukaszewicz). Roulin finds the death suspicious, as merely a few weeks earlier, van Gogh claimed through letters that his mood was calm and normal. Armand reluctantly agrees and heads for Paris. Pere Tanguy (John Sessions), a Montmartre art supplier, tells Armand that Theo actually died six months after Vincent. He suggests that Armand travel to Auvers-Sir-Oise and look for Dr. Paul Gachet (Jerome Flynn), who housed van Gogh after his release from an asylum, shared his love for art, and attended the funeral. Once there, Armand learns that the doctor is out on business. So he stays at the same inn that van Gogh did during his time in the area. There he meets the temporary proprietress Adeline Ravoux (Eleanor Tomlinson), who was fond of van Gogh and who was also surprised by his death. At her suggestion, Armand visits the local boatman, who informs him that Van Gogh kept close company with Dr. Gachet's sheltered daughter, Marguerite (Saoirse Ronan). When Armand visits her, Marguerite denies and is angered when Armand implies that van Gogh's suicidal mood could have resulted from an argument with her father. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 