 The Blue Room (2014)431) In their blue hotel room, a clandestine couple of two married lovers plan an impossible future, as death shutters their already frail tranquillity. Now, the noose tightens more and more around innocents and sinners; but, was there a crime? A man and a woman, secretly in love, alone in a room. They desire each other, want each other, and even bite each other. In the afterglow, they share a few sweet nothings. At least the man seemed to believe they were nothing. Now under investigation by the police and the courts, what is he accused of? Cannes Film Festival Julien Gahyde--the successful agricultural contractor and married family man--and the equally married pharmacist, Esther Despierre, are lovers. Under the noses of their unsuspecting partners, both plan an almost impossible shared future, beneath the bed sheets of their small and quiet blue-hued hotel room where they regularly meet. And then, unexpectedly, death shutters the clandestine couple's already frail tranquillity, as the noose tightens more and more around innocents and sinners. But, apart from a doomed affair, was there a crime? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Julien works as an agricultural contractor, is married to Delphine, and has a daughter, Suzanne. The pharmacist Esther Despierre, whom Julien knew from his youth, is married to a schoolmate of Julien, the always sickly Nicolas. One day, Esther meets Julien again and accuses him of having kissed all the women, but not her. Now she makes him to kiss her, and a passionate affair begins. In the following months, they irregularly meet in the blue room of a local hotel. When Esther asks him whether he could imagine a life with her, Julien affirms. At one date with Esther, Julien sees Nicolas seemingly approaching the hotel, so he has to flee. Later, Julien goes to a vacation with his family to the sea and has no contact with Esther even after the holiday. He receives letters from her with short notes, which he perceives as increasingly menacing. One day, Julien learns that Nicolas had a fit and died. Although Nicolas was seriously ill, his death does not appear to be natural for Julien. When he again receives a letter from Esther with the text " toi!", he is shocked and destroys the letter as he did before. Some time later, on Delphine's request, he has to pick up a drug from the pharmacy where Esther works. Besides drugs, Esther also hands him a pack of plum jam that arrived for his wife. Julien delivers the jam home and leaves. When he returns, he finds his house full of police as his wife is found dead-obviously because of a poisoned plum jam. Julien is arrested. Investigators see his leaving the wife with the poisoned jam as a deception maneuver. The long period that it took Julien to deliver the jam to his wife is ruled as a proof that it is Julien who poisoned the jam. In the court, both Julien and Esther are found guilty and sentenced to a life imprisonment. Esther smiles to Julien hinting that now they are not divided, and they leave the blue courtroom. 