 Rams (2015)Summaries In a remote Icelandic farming valley, two brothers who haven't spoken in 40 years have to come together in order to save what's dearest to them - their sheep. In a secluded valley in Iceland, Gummi and Kiddi live side by side, tending to their sheep. Their ancestral sheep-stock is considered one of the country's best and the two brothers are repeatedly awarded for their prized rams who carry an ancient lineage. Although they share the land and a way of life, Gummi and Kiddi have not spoken to each other in four decades. When a lethal disease suddenly infects Kiddi's sheep, the entire valley comes under threat. The authorities decide to cull all the animals in the area to contain the outbreak. This is a near death sentence for the farmers, whose sheep are their main source of income, and many abandon their land. But Gummi and Kiddi don't give up so easily - and each brother tries to stave off the disaster in his own fashion: Kiddi by using his rifle and Gummi by using his wits. As the authorities close in the brothers will need to come together to save the special breed passed down for generations, and themselves, from extinction. Netop Films Living just a stone's throw away from each other, in a fertile farming valley nestled in the majestic Icelandic wilds, estranged siblings, the unruly heavy drinker, Kiddi, and his taciturn younger brother, Gummi, are in a constant state of war. Then, after forty long years of bitter resentment, the warring brothers find themselves forced to put their icy, long-standing feud on hold when the highly contagious scrapie disease threatens all the livestock in the region and the very existence of the tight-knit community. Now, faced with the grim certainty of a cull, Kiddi and Gummi must co-operate to deal with the impending crisis. However, can they bury the hatchet for the sake of their precious, pure-bred stock? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 