 Boychoir (2014)44) After his single mother dies, a young boy with an excellent voice is sent to a prestigious choir school and has trouble adapting to the culture of the school. Stet, a troubled and angry 11-year-old orphan from a small Texas town, ends up at a boychoir school back East after his single mom's death. Completely out of his element, he lands in a battle of wits with a demanding choirmaster who recognizes the young boy's unique talent as he pushes him to discover his creative heart and soul in music. Informant Media Orphaned at 11 by his single mother's death, wayward Texan rebel Stet is removed from his hometown by rich New York 'uncle' Gerard--actually his discrete father who never told his official family. At the recommendation of his music teacher, his vocal talent is acknowledged by director Carvelle of the Canadian National Boys Choir, a prestigious elite boarding school, and Gerard pays to keep him away. Adapting to the Streber discipline is hard, but the ruthless competition from start singer Devon, unconditionally supported by deputy head Drake, is precisely what helps motivate, and success makes mates. Still, the way to the top is hard, and shortly after he reaches his best for a prestigious New York concert, nature cruelly kicks in. KGF Vissers Stet is struggling just to get by in a tough Texas neighbourhood with an overwhelmed single mum. His school principal (Winger) is convinced his angelic singing voice is worth championing, but Stet has no idea how it might help him face the dark realities of his life. That all shifts when a sudden accident lands Stet on the East Coast at one of the most elite private boychoir schools in the country, the National Boychoir Academy. There, he immediately runs up against the most demanding, uncompromising and compelling person he's ever met: the school's Headmaster Carvelle. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 