 Queen (2013)541) A Delhi girl from a traditional family sets out on a solo honeymoon after her marriage gets cancelled. Queen is a movie about growing up. Rani (Kangana Ranaut) is a Delhi girl from a conservative family who is ditched by her fianc just before her wedding. Shocked by this, she decides to set out on the planned honeymoon alone. As she travels the world and meets new people, she gains new experiences and discovers her own identity. Am. P. Queen is the story of Rani Mehra, a young girl from Delhi who is brought up in a loving, protective Indian family, where her peers decide what her life is going to be like. Rani is put into a situation where she finally makes the most unlikely decision of her life; she decides to go on her honeymoon alone! What follows is a girl's journey of getting over her past and eventually getting over herself. Cheesecake1011 Delhi based Rani is set to be married to Vijay a day before her wedding Vijay tells Rani that he does not want to marry her as by living abroad his lifestyle has changed and he wont be able to adjust with Rani's conservative habits.Rani locks herself in a room for a day but later asks permission from her parents to allow her to go for her Pre booked honeymoon in Paris and neighboring counties her parents hesitate but finally agree.In Paris Rani meets Vijayalakshmi whose a high spirited Indian girl with French decent she tours Rani allover the city where Rani does things for first time which Vijay didn't allow her to do.Rani has to bid Paris and Vijayalakshmi and got to Amsterdam where she has roommates Taka from Japan, Tim from France, and Oleksander from Russia who befriend her.Rani now starts to gain confidence in herself after encounter with Vijayalakshmi and her new friends. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rani (Hindi conversion of Queen) is a typical Delhi girl who is studying home-science and works part-time in her father's sweet-shop. She is indulge in her very own fairy-tale where she is about to marry the prince Vijay. But soon her fairy-tale is struck with reality when Vijay rejects her just a day before their wedding. She is heart-broken and decides that to be out of this whole mess she needs a time of her own. So Rani plans to go on her honeymoon alone in Paris. Then on, whole up-down adventures happening on her trip makes her realize that she is much more than only being a typical house-wife for Vijay and that she can live her life fully and enjoy it without any worries. Bang on movie! 