 The Surprise (2015)44) After signing an agreement with a company that offers to end their lives when they least expect it, a dejected millionaire and a disheartened young woman fall in love and must find a way to get out of their binding contracts. An eccentric multimillionaire signs an agreement to have his life ended. While selecting his coffin he meets a young woman who has signed up for the same arrangement. Trouble ensues when the couple fall in love and wish to get out of the contract. N279 Entertainment Multimillionaire Jacob is seen with his dying mother, asking him whether he feels any emotion. He doesn't. Later it is revealed he changed into this state at age four, when his father disappeared. He sees no future. At his mother's funeral a pushy lawyer wants him to confirm he will sell the estate, which he does. He then tries to end it all in various ways but never succeeds. At one of his attempts he picks up the address of a mysterious organization that helps people end their lives. After he has paid them for a surprise ending, he meets a sweet, shy girl in the room where the caskets are displayed, and she also says she wants to end her loveless life. They fall in love, but find out there is no postponing the trip to a better world. After they escape various attempts at their lives, the plot really starts rolling (contrary to the short story by Dutch writer H.J. Schnfeld (Belcampo) on which the film is based). Many unexpected things happen and masterful plot twists will keep you glued to your seat for the next half-hour. Superb direction, superb acting by Dutch, Belgian, and Indian(!) actors, superb scene settings, superb camera-work, superb scenario. Victor de la Vieter Director Mike van Diem is back with his new movie after 18 years. A mother expecting her death, an emotionless son, the movie begins like this. After his mother's death, the hero tries several methods to commit suicide, all in vain. In search of death, he encounters some Indian people who are running a business to help to commit suicide. He meets the heroine there, who is looking for the same. Her company brings radical changes in his emotions; he laughs, become angry, and starts to feel hope. Now he needs to get rid of the killers, or at least delay them. The plot is similar to the Malayalam movie "Kaakkakkum Poochakkum Kallyaanam". The amazing treatment, along with the smaller and bigger "Surprises", make this film a uniquely different experience. There are similarities to the director's previous movie "Karakter": the absence of love--or in this case, he has a glass barrier between him and the real world. The hero grows up without the presence of his father is also a common factor. Beautiful visuals, production design, and the actors are the great highlights of the movie. Sameir Ali It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 