 What We Do in the Shadows (2014)541) Viago, Deacon, and Vladislav are vampires who are struggling with the mundane aspects of modern life, like paying rent, keeping up with the chore wheel, trying to get into nightclubs, and overcoming flatmate conflicts. Follow the lives of Viago (Taika Waititi), Deacon (Jonathan Brugh), and Vladislav (Jemaine Clement) - three flatmates who are just trying to get by and overcome life's obstacles-like being immortal vampires who must feast on human blood. Hundreds of years old, the vampires are finding that beyond sunlight catastrophes, hitting the main artery, and not being able to get a sense of their wardrobe without a reflection-modern society has them struggling with the mundane like paying rent, keeping up with the chore wheel, trying to get into nightclubs, and overcoming flatmate conflicts. Production Prowling the streets of Wellington in New Zealand, four nocturnal flatmates, Vladislav, the Lord Byron wannabe; Viago, the frilly dandy; Deacon, the rebellious youngster, and Petyr, the ancient blood-sucking fiend, invite a documentary crew to record their daily lives. However, as if struggling to fit in the modern world isn't enough, when the pack turns the human prey, Nick, into a fresh vampire, the chemistry within the group will be disturbed with unforeseen consequences. Who said being a creature of the night is easy? Nick Riganas In this mockumentary, a documentary filmmaking crew, guaranteed protection from their subjects but nonetheless employing their own insurance, follow a group of vampire flatmates in Wellington, New Zealand in light of learning of the Unholy Masquerade, a ball held every few years for the un-dead: vampires, zombies and witches. This household of four vampires includes: 379 year old Viago, an eighteenth century dandy who came to New Zealand as a vampire in the early twentieth century to be reunited with his eternal love, a human named Katherine, that reunion which never happened due to an error by his former servant Philip back in Europe; 862 year old Vladislav - nicknamed "Vladislav the Poker" in his human life - an old fashioned tyrant who is haunted by the humiliating defeat at the hands of his arch nemesis, The Beast; 183 year old Deacon, the adolescently-minded bad boy Nazi as the youngest; and the recluse, 8000+ year old Petyr who spends most of his existence in the dark cellar, even at night when the others are awake and active. Beyond the actual Unholy Masquerade several months away which affects this group in the announcement of the ball's guest of honor, the un-lives of the four are further affected by: a fifth, one of their most recent victims who is trying to find his footing as a vampire; Jackie, Deacon's single mother human servant whose duties are all in an effort for immortality; Stu, another human who none of the five can bear to eat despite his physical being being one of the most tempting; a couple of nosy police officers from who they need to hide their vampirism; and a pack of werewolves, the two groups who are like rival gangs. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie tells the daily lifeerrunlife of flatmate vampires Viago, Vladislav, Deacon and Petyr in New Zealand. Viago is the 16th century vampire, aristocratic and bossy often times. Vladislav is the medieval vampire, a noble vampire but also the most ruthless killer of them. Deacon is the youngest changed vampire from the World War II era, often acting out living like a bum in the flat. The last of them, Petyr, is the oldest of them, aging about 8000 years old. They live their everyday lives n the flat, still influenced by the cultures from their own times. The trio Viago, Vladislav and Deacon sometimes go out to the town and hang out. Deacon has a human familiar Jackie who does most of the blood cleaning related housework in the flat. She also lure in victims for the vampires. Deacon has promised vampirehood to Jackie but hasnt turned her yet. One night Jackie brings a couple Nick and Josephine as victims. Nick gets his blood drained by Petyr but he also turns him into a vampire. And then there were four. Nick brings in new cultural color to the group. Soon He brings his friend Stu, an IT guy, to the group. Stu introduces the modern information technology to the group and becomes a good friend to them. For this, and because hes Nicks best friend, the group form a pact not to eat Stu. Besides inviting Stu into the group, Nick is quite irresponsible of his newly gained vampirehood. He has been carelessly telling just about anybody that hes a vampire, even showing some of his abilities to complete human strangers. One day, a vampire hunter comes to the flats basement, Petyrs lair. Petyr easily kills the hunter but he dies of sunlight. The group blames Nick for this and banishes him from the flat. Alas, the night for the Unholy Masquerade comes. The masquerade is the once a year night where New Zealands undead community comes and mingles together. Vladislav doesnt go for knowing his nemesis is the events guest of honor. Viago and Deacon go there and find that Jackie has been turned by Nick. They also bring Stu there, still human. Soon the masquerade guests find out that Stu is human and they get eager to eat him. The group manages to get Stu out safely but on their way home they meet their nemesis werewolf pack who are transforming since its a full moon night. They eventually attack Stu and mangle his body. But it turns out that the attack turns Stu into a werewolf and that make the vampires and the werewolfs to be friends. 