 Despicable Me 3 (2017)55) Gru meets his long-lost, charming, cheerful, and more successful twin brother Dru, who wants to team up with him for one last criminal heist. After he is fired from the Anti-Villain League for failing to take down the latest bad guy to threaten humanity, Gru (Steve Carell) finds himself in the midst of a major identity crisis. But when a mysterious stranger shows up to inform Gru that he has a long-lost twin brother - a brother who desperately wishes to follow in his twin's despicable footsteps - one former supervillain will rediscover just how good it feels to be bad. Balthazar Bratt (Trey Parker), a child star from the 1980s, rises to power and wants world domination. As Gru (Steve Carell) and Lucy Wilde (Kristen Wiig) attempt to stop him from stealing the largest diamond in the world, they fail as he flies away. Gru and Lucy are fired by Valerie Da Vinci (Jenny Slate) from the Anti-Villain League, and are jobless. As Agnes (Nev Scharrel) tries to sell things to get money, Gru receives news he has a twin brother. He flies to Dru's (Steve Carell's) location, but finds out he is a more successful and rich supervillain. Dru wants Gru to team up for one more heist, to which he gives in. Without Lucy knowing, they plan to steal the largest diamond in the world from Bratt, as the Minions get themselves in prison. kenamwilliam With the delusional 1980s' bad boy, Balthazar Bratt, the latest and most fearsome super-villain still on the loose, super-agents Gru and Lucy are fired from the Anti-Villain League after Bratt's botched attempt to arrest him. As a result, a now depressed and jobless Gru finds himself without a purpose in life. However, the news of an unknown twin brother somewhere in a foreign country will eventually spark a carefully subdued, yet profound interest to carry on the family's tradition. But, is the pairing of Gru and his bubbly brother, Dru, a match made in heaven? Nick Riganas Former villain Gru (Steve Carell) is now an agent for the Anti-Villain League (AVL). He and his partner and new wife Lucy (Kristen Wiig) are sent to foil the plans of Balthazar Bratt (Trey Parker), a former child actor from the 1980s who has turned evil. Gru manages to stop Bratt from stealing the Dumont Diamond, a giant pink diamond, but is unable to capture him. As a result of failing to capture Bratt, Gru and Lucy are fired from the AVL by its unreasonable new Director Valerie Da Vinci (Jenny Slate), following the retirement of the AVL's former Director, Silas Ramsbottom (Steve Coogan). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 