 Havenhurst (2016)211) A troubled young woman takes up residence in a gothic apartment building where she must confront a terrifying evil. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jackie (Julie Benz) is a recovering alcoholic moving into Havenhurst, an old gothic apartment complex in New York City run by an elderly woman named Eleanor Mudgett (Fionnula Flanigan) and her son Ezra (Matt Lasky), who serves as the building's maintenance man. Jackie is warned that she must remain sober while living there or she will be evicted. Jackie begins looking for evidence about her friend, previous Havenhurst tenant Danielle (Danielle Harris), unaware that she was brutally murdered along with her addict boyfriend Jason after receiving an eviction notice. Jackie meets some of the building's residents, notably a young teen named Sarah (Bella Shouse), who lives with her foster parents Tammy (Dendrie Taylor), a waitress who works nights, and Wayne (Toby Huss), an abusive alcoholic. She later hears a neighbor, Paula (Jennifer Blanc), being murdered because she returned to prostitution. Jackie reports the incident to a detective friend, Tim Crawford (Josh Stamburg). Jackie discovers an incomplete map that Danielle created before her death. The map shows that the building is far larger than it appears, as it has several secret rooms. Sarah gives Jackie Danielle's camera, which contains film that Jackie develops. Sarah is later attacked by Wayne, who is abducted by Eleanor's other son Jed. It is revealed here that Jed is a serial killer that has been using the secret rooms to hide his crimes. He is the one murdering those who have been served eviction notices. Tammy becomes one of Jed's victims. After discovering their apartment covered in blood, Jackie tries to show Tim the apartment as proof, only for it to have been cleaned prior to his arrival. She decides to start drinking in order to receive an eviction notice and discover the building's secrets. Jackie and Sarah, who is now living with her, discover a secret passage in the laundry room that leads to a room containing records showing that Eleanor and her children are descendants of the serial killer H. H. Holmes and have inherited his murderous disposition. They are discovered by the murderous family and chased throughout the building, unable to leave. Jackie calls Tim for help but Sarah is captured. Jackie manages to rescue Sarah and help her escape the building but is captured herself and brutally murdered. Tim arrives shortly after with several police officers but is unable to do anything as there is no visible evidence that the disappearances are sinister in nature. After the police leave, Eleanor convinces Sarah to join her family (with all that entails) and to join them with the killing of the worlds outcasts. Sarah reluctantly agrees. 