 Security (I) (2017)44) A security guard protects an eleven year-old girl who is being targeted by a gang for participating as a trial witness. An ex-special services veteran (Antonio Banderas), down on his luck and desperate for work, takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job, he opens the doors up to a distraught and desperate young girl who has escaped and fled from a hijacking of the U.S. Marshal motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a trial witness. Hot on her heels is psychopathic hijacker (Sir Ben Kingsley), alongside his resourceful henchmen, who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate their witness. Desperate for work, the down-and-out former captain in the Special Forces, Eddie Deacon, takes a minimum-wage job as a night security guard in an out-of-the-way shopping mall. But, shortly after learning the ropes, Eddie will have to put his combat skills to good use, as Jamie, a crucial eye witness who has survived the hijacking of a heavily guarded FBI convoy, appears out of thin air, banging on the door of the mall. Now, Charlie, the menacing leader of an armed-to-the-teeth team of mercenaries demands that Jamie, "his daughter", is let out, or kill the handful of untrained security guards who stand in the way. This is going to be the most dangerous night of their lives. Can Eddie, and his colleagues, keep murderous Charlie at bay? Nick Riganas Former USMC Special Forces captain Eddie Deacon is out for any job stat, to reunite his family later. He's engaged as minimal wage security guard in a large shopping mall off town, proudly 'commanded' by handsome, huge fighting virgin Vance, who lets the rest get away with sloppiness. On their first nocturnal watch, Eddie opens after closing time to let in freaking girl Jamie, who claims to be persecuted by killers, as she's the key eye-witness in an impending mob trial, barely escaped from a bloodily attacked FBI convoy. Vance soon wisely steps aside to let Edie take charge of their defense as their is a small army of thugs laying siege under the cynical command of one Charlie, whose offer to let everyone go if Jamie is delivered is refused. Even the klutz guards now must step up to fight the experienced goons for survival, or die trying bravely. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 