 Girls Trip (2017)Summaries When four lifelong friends travel to New Orleans for the annual Essence Festival, sisterhoods are rekindled, wild sides are rediscovered, and there's enough dancing, drinking, brawling and romancing to make the Big Easy blush. Four best friends, the "Flossy Posse", have grown distant over the years. When lifestyle guru Ryan Pierce (Regina Hall), who is dubbed "the next Oprah", is offered an opportunity to be the keynote speaker at the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans, she decides to bring along her friends to turn her work vacation into a girls' trip. Joining Ryan is Sasha (Queen Latifah), an ex-journalist from Time Magazine who now owns a floundering gossip site and is struggling financially; Lisa (Jada Pinkett Smith), a nurse and uptight mom who has not had a boyfriend since her divorce years earlier and Dina (Tiffany Haddish), a happy-go-lucky, impulsive party animal who was fired after assaulting a co-worker shortly before the trip. While on the trip, Sasha is sent a tip that shows a picture of a black man's head kissing an Instagram model, presumed to be Ryan's husband, Stewart. The friends are reluctant to tell Ryan, but when Dina spills the news, Ryan shocks them by telling them she is already aware of the situation and that they are in couple's counseling. Nevertheless, when Dina sees Stewart at their hotel, she threatens him with a broken bottle, resulting in her getting ejected and banned from the hotel. In solidarity all the girls leave with her, but the only hotel they are able to get is a sleazy one-star motel frequented by customers of prostitutes. Writer and lifestyle guru Ryan Pierce, often touted as a mixture of the next Oprah Winfrey / Martha Stewart , and her Florida A and M college sweetheart husband, former football star Stewart Pierce, have developed themselves into a successful brand in providing inspiration to the world. Their manager, Elizabeth Davelli, has not only managed to get Ryan the keynote speaker position at this year's Essence Music Festival in New Orleans, but also a meeting for both in New Orleans with Bethany Marshall of major retailer Best Mart to discuss a potential lucrative partnership including a lifestyle television show, which would put them on the top echelon of their business. What Ryan has not told anyone is there is problems in the marriage, Stewart who has cheated on her, something she is unaware still continues. That problem only masks Ryan's insecurity, her fear being exposed as a fraud to her fans. Ryan decides to invite her three best friends from college, they who were known as the Flossy Posse, to New Orleans for the VIP/five star weekend. Graduating approximately twenty years ago, they, at the time, believed they would be BFFs, but time and changes in their lives have led to them not hanging out together as a group in five years. Sasha Franklin, once a respected journalist, has for various reasons become a celebrity gossip blogger and is now broke, close to losing everything which she has not told the others in the posse. The party girl in college, divorced Lisa Cooper has become the conservative nurturer, her entire focus now on her two children and her career as a nurse rather than herself, sex which has been non-existent since the divorce. And Dina was and still is the type that will do whatever she wants and state her mind without fear of whatever the possible consequences, which has just led to her being fired from her latest job. This mixture of circumstances in their lives, especially desperate Sasha possibly going to extreme lengths for dirt on anyone famous this weekend for money, may end up testing their friendship, that test exacerbated if things for Ryan and Sasha spiral downward out of control. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 