 Proof (2015)44) A doctor who knows more than she lets on about what happens after you die. Following the death of her teenage son, a divorce, and a rift with her daughter, Dr. Carolyn Tyler is persuaded by Ivan Turing, a tech inventor and billionaire with cancer, to investigate supernatural cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, and haunting, in hopes to find evidence that death is not final. Soumik Ghosh In the series, Beals plays Dr. Carolyn Tyler, who has suffered the recent, devastating loss of her teenage son, the breakup of her marriage to Dr. Len Barliss (Sutcliffe) and a growing estrangement from her daughter (Thurman). Carolyn is persuaded by Ivan Turing (Modine), a cancer-stricken tech inventor and billionaire, to investigate cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, hauntings and other phenomena, all of it in the search for evidence that death is not the end. It's both a journey of exploration toward finding an answer to a question many people have asked and a deeply personal and emotional journey for Carolyn, who hopes to find answers in the wake of her son's death. Assisting Carolyn on her task are Dr. Zedan "Zed" Badawi (Gathegi), a young intern from Africa, and Janel Ramsey (Kaplan), Turing's brilliant young protg. Together they will explore one of life's most profound mysteries, crossing paths along the way with Peter Van Owen (Blue), a bestselling author who claims to be psychic. Constantly trying to control the maverick Carolyn is her intimidating boss, Dr. Charles Richmond (Morton), head of the hospital. TNT Dr. Carolyn Tyler is known as being the best in her field, she a surgeon at Bay Vista Hospital in Seattle. She is also unrelenting in being the best in not putting up with anything she considers below her standards. It is exactly because of these characteristics that eccentric tech mogul Ivan Turing asks her to lead a secret research project to discover scientific and thus definitive proof if there is life after death. Ivan's ulterior motive is that he has terminal cancer, something which most in his circle are unaware. Beyond the philanthropic incentives Ivan provides, Carolyn, despite the on the surface mismatch between her own scientific bent and what she considers the quackery of the metaphysical aspects of life after death, agrees, in part because of the remote possibility of finding out what has happened to her son, Will Barliss, after his recent passing, and feelings toward her own near death experiences. She is assisted on this project by Dr. Zed Badawi, an African intern at Bay Vista who is going through his own personal issues in being in the States, and Ivan's young assistant, Janel Ramsey. Carolyn also has to reconcile the work on this project with the current goings-on in her personal life, which includes being separated from her husband, Dr. Len Barliss, a pediatric surgeon at Bay Vista. Their separation is due to his infidelity, and is despite the fact that they still have deep feelings for each other, and need to co-parent their teenaged daughter, Sophie Barliss. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 