 Closet Monster (2015)Summaries A creative and driven teenager is desperate to escape his hometown and the haunting memories of his turbulent childhood. 8-years-old Oscar Madly became traumatized. Around the same time that his mother left their family (with Oscar firmly taking his dad's side), Oscar witnessed a gay hate crime at school that left the victim bloodied and permanently paralyzed. Ten years pass. Oscar, befriended by his talking hamster Buffy, wants to get into a special effects make-up school (using his friend Gemma as a model), and has come to realize his spiteful father's anti-social, immature short-comings. When Oscar meets co-worker Wilder at the hardware store, sexual feelings begin to stir but accompanied by severe stomach pains (the memory of the hate crime). A farewell costume party for Wilder brings Oscar's issues to a head, expressed sometimes in surreal terms. statmanjeff In St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Oscar Madly has just graduated from high school. He has solely applied for a special makeup effects program in New York City for the fall, he planning on sharing an apartment with his friend Gemma, an aspiring actress who allows Oscar to be his makeup canvass. Gemma secretly or not so secretly likes Oscar as boyfriend material, despite knowing that he is probably gay, something he hasn't admitted to anyone let alone himself. Many things have shaped not only Oscar's life but most specifically his sexual life, top of the list being his parents' split ten years ago, his mother Brin who left with Oscar being collateral damage, being primarily raised by his adolescently-minded father Peter, that adolescent mindset most specifically in how he deals with Brin, Peter being homophobic himself, and Oscar, without telling anyone, having witnessed a severe gay bashing when he was nine. Within this situation, Oscar has only one true confidante in his life, his pet hamster Buffy who was a gift from his parents to lessen the blow when they split. Oscar may be able to admit to himself that he is gay when he is immediately attracted to Wilder, a colleague at the big box hardware store Oscar is working at for the summer, but he may not be able to act upon his feelings either for Wilder or any other male in his internalized homophobia stemming primarily from the specifics of that gay bashing. The question then becomes how Oscar will emerge into adulthood with this baggage he is carrying, much which only Buffy knows. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 