 Misconduct (2016)321) When an ambitious young lawyer takes on a big case against a powerful and ruthless executive of a large pharmaceutical company, he soon finds himself involved in a case of blackmail and corruption. An ambitious young lawyer is approached by an ex-lover who offers him all the evidence he needs to form a legal case against her husband, a powerful and ruthless executive of a large pharmaceutical company. The lawyer starts the legal proceedings and continues begins an affair with the woman. The lawyer's boss and the executive settle the case without going to court. The lawyer finds the woman dead in her apartment, and it appears someone is trying blackmail the executive. The lawyer leaves the body in the apartment, but a mysterious stranger moves the body to his house moments before the police raid. The stranger was employed by the lawyer's boss, to kill the lawyer's wife for the murder of the woman, because the lawyer's boss works for the executive. The lawyer kills the stranger, and he and his wife agree not to tell anyone about all the people they murdered. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Denning is a rich CEO of a giant pharma company, where Emily works as a secretary. Their professional relationship turns into personal one and now Emily is too afraid of threatening Denning to end the relationship. Denning's company is now a days in news questioning deaths due to clinical trials. Emily is suddenly missing and worried Denning hires private investigators to bring her back home safe. Denning receives Emily's blood-faced picture on his cell phone and a threat that if money is not received, she dies. Meanwhile, Emily reunites with her classmate Ben, who is a lawyer and he soon finds that she has confidential data about manipulating clinical trials by Denning's pharma company. Ben decides to take big risk to handle this high-profile corporate corruption case, ignoring his friend Doug's warning. Emily gives stolen data to Ben and he contacts famous lawyer Charles Abrams, who hires him for big remuneration, seeing that Ben has strong evidences. Ben's wife Charlotte, who works double shifts as a nurse and aspire to spend time with Ben. One night in a club, a hit-man warns Ben to leave the case and then Emily embraces Ben in Charlotte's presence. Charlotte senses that there is something going on between Ben and Emily. One day, Emily is found dead in her apartment seemingly looking a suicide, after she gets a man to hit her and to take a blood-faced picture in her cell phone. Ben visits Emily's place and found her dead with a bottle of drugs in her hand and a cell phone, text of which displays a demand for 2.5 million dollars at 1 pm at Octivia Art Gallery. Denning messes up the plan leaving his investigators in shock and suspicion. Ben confesses to Charlotte about Emily and how she was found dead and they decide to act normal as if nothing happened to avoid police trouble. Ben decided to follow that text message in Emily's phone to get some clue at Art Gallery. At the gallery, Ben and Denning glances each other. Denning settles the class-action against him for a ransom and buy backs evidences. That hit-man attacks Emy, Emily's neighbor and makes Charlotte and Ben hostages. Ben kills the hit-man and rescues Charlotte. Ben realizes now that actually Charles has played the game and hired the hit-man. He contacts police and confronts Charles but Charles kills himself before police could arrest him. Only when happy ending is near, and Ben returns home; Charlotte confesses that she had decided not to save her life when she pushed Emily and she got head injury leading to death and she did it to eliminate someone between her and Ben. 