 Hitchcock/Truffaut (2015)Summaries Filmmakers discuss how Francois Truffaut's 1966 book "Cinema According to Hitchcock" influenced their work. In 1962 Hitchcock and Truffaut locked themselves away in Hollywood for a week to excavate the secrets behind the mise-en-scne in cinema. Based on the original recordings of this meeting-used to produce the mythical book Hitchcock/Truffaut-this film illustrates the greatest cinema lesson of all time and plummets us into the world of the creator of Psycho, The Birds, and Vertigo. Hitchcock's incredibly modern art is elucidated and explained by today's leading filmmakers: Martin Scorsese, David Fincher, Arnaud Desplechin, Kiyoshi Kurosawa, Wes Anderson, James Gray, Olivier Assayas, Richard Linklater, Peter Bogdanovich and Paul Schrader. Cohen Media Website In 1962, Franois Truffaut , a former film critic with the influential Cahiers du Cinma and current respected filmmaker with three movies under his belt (many writers from Cahiers du Cinma who went on to become filmmakers in the French New Wave) made a cold request to fellow filmmaker Alfred Hitchcock , who had close to four decades of directing experience and forty feature films in his filmography, to a series of interviews to discuss his movies in detail. The choice of Hitchcock may have seemed odd on the surface due to their differing styles and the fact that Hitchcock's films were seen as popular fluff compared to Truffaut's more critically acclaimed works, but Truffaut did admire Hitchcock's as a director. The interviews, to which Hitchcock did agree, were documented in a couple of ways, ultimately with Truffaut's 1966 book "Hitchcock Truffaut" in which not only Hitchcock's filmmaking process in general is discussed, but also an in depth candid discussion of each of Hitchcock's films to date is covered. Those interviews and the book are the basis for this documentary. Other directors are interviewed, they who also discuss in further detail those issues covered in the book, and in turn talk about the influence of both Hitchcock and Truffaut on their own work. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 