 Zoom (2015)Summaries A multi-dimensional interface between a comic book artist, a novelist, and a film director. Each lives in a separate reality but authors a story about one of the others. Emma works at a sex doll factory and in her spare time is writing/drawing a comic book. Edward is a famous movie director, working on his latest movie. Michelle is a model and is writing a novel. The three are connected: Edward and his world are found in the pages of Emma's comic book, Michelle's story is Edward's movie and Emma's story is Michelle's book. grantss The metaphysically intertwined stories of three individuals are told. The first is Emma Boyles, a designer at a Toronto sex doll factory, she who also pens graphic novels on the side. From her work both with the dolls and with the graphic novel, and from a comment from Bob, her colleague at the factory with who she has a very casual sexual relationship, Emma, suffering from self-image body issues, decides to spend all the money she has saved to get breast implants. She quickly regrets her decision, and beyond taking her frustrations out on the graphic novel, she has to find a way to get some money fast to pay for having the implants removed, they which are negatively affecting her life. The second is successful action movie director Edward Deacon. He has signed with a new studio for his next movie, he not telling the studio chief Marissa that he is planning on making an art film. Marissa pushing back on Edward's vision for the movie coincides with Edward facing a physical issue, its cause he having no idea, it, regardless, affecting his professional abilities. The third is Brazilian model Michelle. She is an aspiring novelist, but her insensitive boyfriend Dale believes that the interest shown by a publisher is purely a pickup move in Dale only seeing her as eye candy. Wanting some inspiration, Michelle heads back to Brazil, to the beach area where her parents met and fell in love. What happens with these three individuals are at the hands of the other two, who can change the course of their existence in their entirety with a proverbial stroke of the pen. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 