 Shivaay (2016)431) A skilled mountaineer races against time to rescue his mute daughter from the clutches of human traffickers in Bulgaria. Shivaay is a well-known mountain climber/guide in Himalayas. On one of his adventure he meets Olga and both fall in love. Soon they discover that Olga is pregnant but she doesn't want the child. But Shivaay convinces her to give birth to the baby, Olga leaves the country after giving birth to his baby without even seeing her. 9 years later Shivaay's daughter Gaura finds that her mother is still alive and lives in Bulgaria. Gaura hates Shivaay for hiding the truth about her mother and insists on meeting her. Shivaay and Gaura travel to Bulgaria to meet Olga. They try to find Olga but she doesn't live at the same address anymore. While trying to find Olga with the help of Indian embassy Gaura gets kidnapped by a child trafficking group and Shivaay is left helpless as the Bulgarian police frame him of being child trafficker because Gaura doesn't look like Shivaay at all. deepakfutela Shivaay portrays the struggle of a father to keep his daughter safe. Shivaay is a regular mountaineer in the Himalayas who lives with his daughter. All goes well untill one day when his daughter is kidnapped by child traffickers. The movie shows his struggle to bring his daughter back to safety and to bring those responsible to justice. Keith Francis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shivaay (Ajay Devgn), a fearless Himalayan mountaineer covered in Lord Shiva tattoos, heads to Bulgaria to fulfill his nine-year-old daughter Gaura's (Abigail Eames) wish of seeing her mother Olga (Erika Kaar), who abandoned them years ago. But their plan goes for a toss when the little girl gets kidnapped in the foreign land. Rescuing her from the masked child-traffickers becomes his only reason for survival. Shivaay decides to fight against the Russian Mafia all alone: with the help of Anushka (Sayyeshaa Saigal) and Wahab (Vir Das) from the Indian Embassy in Bulgaria, and he has only 72 hours before it all gets worse than worst. Movie: Shivaay (With English subtitles) Rated: UA (Parental Guidance) Language: Hindi Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama, Thriller Running Time: 153 minutes 