 Pay the Ghost (2015)44) A professor frantically searches for his son who was abducted during a Halloween carnival. One year after Mike Lawford's young son disappeared during a Halloween carnival, he is haunted by ghostly images and terrifying messages he can't explain. Together with his estranged wife, he will stop at nothing to unravel the mystery and find their son-and, in doing so, he unearths the legend of the crying woman who refuses to remain buried in the past. On Halloween, in New York, Mike Lawford has just been promoted to professor with the support of his friend Hannah. Mike meets his family and takes his son Charlie to see the Halloween parade while his wife Kristen goes home to prepare a design for her client. While buying a cone for Charlie, the boy asks whether they can pay the ghost and vanishes. Mike and Kristen seek out the boy and he presses NYPD Detective Jordan to find his son. One year later, Mike researches and finds that children that disappear on Halloween are never found by the police. Furthermore every year three children vanish. There is also a connection to the Celtic colonization of New York three hundred years ago. Will Mike save his beloved son? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil New York professor Mike Lawford celebrates winning tenure by taking his kid son Charlie, who waited in vain to cut the Halloween pumpkin and had to do trick or treat with mother Kristen, to the Halloween fair. In a moment of distraction to pay the ice cream, the boy goes missing. SEven years of posting missing pictures and goading the police investigation yield nothing, except a theory that someone must be behind the multiple number of kid disappearances at Halloween, while his marriage broke down as Kristen stupidly blames him. Checking up on strange things Charlie noticed, Mike stumbles upon the underground tunnels where the homeless fear the annual appearance of a supernatural prime suspect from Celtic mythology, and runs the misty gauntlet to recuperate his prince. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 