 When Angels Sleep (2018)Summaries A CEO lives the worst night of his life after he accidentally runs over a teenage girl. Germn is a CEO of a life insurance company too much busy with his job to attend his personal life with his wife Sandra and his little daughter, Estela. Trying to arrive home at time to celebrate Estela's birthday party, Germn is stopped at night by two Civil Guard agents (Spanish equivalent to state troopers), who seeing German's extreme exhaustion they guide him to a motel to pass the night and that he sleeps in order to prevent an accident. At the same time, Silvia is a troubled teen who flees from her too troubled home to meet her close friend Gloria, meeting later with Mario and El Chato to spend the night all together in Mario's car. Meanwhile Germn eludes Civil Guard agents and takes the car again to get home as soon as be possible, Silvia rejects El Chato's sexual innuendos and hit him, making that she leaves the car and Gloria leaves it too, trying both to back home walking or making hitchhiking. But when in certain moment Silvia moves away from the road and she hides in a corner between trees to pee, Gloria is run over by an asleep Germn. When this one wakes up and back over his steps, he finds a badly wounded Gloria and a shocked Silvia. Looking help them he gets them into the car to go with both girls to a hospital, at the same time that Sandra tries desperately to locate a missing Germn, and Mario and El Chato are looking for the girls to revenge them by the previous discussion. But when Silvia finally reacts to the happened, she fights Germn and runaways of him in the belief that Germn tried to kill them on purpose. Fearing to lose his family and going to jail, Germn pursues Silvia to try persuade her to change the idea. All them will live a fearful night where all that can be go bad will go very bad. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 