 The Rezort (2015)55) The ReZort, a safari park, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill as many zombies as they please following an outbreak. Following a near-apocalyptic zombie outbreak, humans are once again in control. If an occasional rogue zombie finds its way into everyday life, it is quickly disposed of by the authorities. In this day and age, people know how to handle "Zee's". The latest craze is the Zombie Safari - Zafari - a chance to go out and shoot the undead in the wild. The ultimate blood sport experience, and for many the ultimate therapeutic revenge following the losses suffered during the outbreak. Little do the vacationers realize they're actually in a highly controlled environment, where the zombies are always kept at a safe shooting distance. Nothing is left to chance, nothing is unplanned. So far. SARmedic Set in the wake of an apocalyptic zombie outbreak, the film centers on Melanie and her boyfriend, Lewis, who visit a safari retreat The ReZort where every paying guest has a license to kill the undead. There they meet Archer, a former zombie hunter who has to step up when the security system at the ReZort crashes and unleashes thousands of bloodthirsty zombies back into the wild. sunnil After an apocalyptic zombie outbreak, where more than two-billion people died, the worldwide situation is under control and the creatures have been destroyed. The cities are being rebuilt and there are camps of refugees kept by donation of the survivors. However, there is an isolated island where The Rezort, owned by Wilton, is located and guests may participate in Zombie Safari to shoot the undead that are kept behind electric fences and locks monitored 24 hours/ day for sport of therapy. When the new guests arrive, a group go for camping in an isolated area of the compound. However there is a breach in the computer system caused by the guest Sadie that used an encrypted flash drive in the computer system. The responsible for the computer system Salva hides the information to fix later, but there is a virus that corrupts the files and releases the zombies, activating a protocol to destroy the island. Most of the staff and guests are killed in the main building; but the group formed by Archer, Melanie, her boyfriend Lewis, the teenager Jack, Sadie and the guide Nevins survives and seek a boat to leave the island before destruction. What is the purpose of Sadie and will the group survive? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Archer is the professional master hunter as the computer-controlled island resort built by Valerie Wilton to offer guests a man hunt safari on zombies left over from an apocalyptic pandemic. Guide Nevin's latest camping group includes two teen school mates, who won their tickets, a woman sent by her therapist, her buddy and a self-conceited crack shot. They are stuck in zombie land when suddenly whizkid Salva's team loses control in the virus-hacked headquarters, disabling all fences and other protective devises. The safari campers must now fight off zombies all the way while rushing to the extraction facility before the self-destruct protocol runs out, suffering regular losses despite Archer's competence, even have to put down bitten companions. Yet they also debate the risks taken by a liberation movement one of them belongs to and discover the zombie supply is illegally stocked up with refugees nobody cares for anyway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 