 The Perfect Dictatorship (2014)321) TV MX, the most powerful Mexican Television Corporation, discloses a scandalous story involving Governor Carmelo Vargas in serious crimes and illicit business. Worried about his political future, Governor Vargas decides to clean his image and negotiates a billionaire secret agreement with the owners of the TV Corporation. Carlos Rojo, an ambitious young news producer, and Ricardo Diaz, TV network star reporter, are responsible for making a dirty campaign to change the image the public has of the corrupt Governor and make him, at any cost, a political star and a great presidential candidate. Mexican Television believes that democracy is a farce and has already placed one President - Will they do it again? Anonymous When Mexico's President commits a serious gaffe on live television while welcoming the U.S. ambassador, his allies at the media conglomerate Television Mexicana seek to divert attention by reporting on a bribery scandal involving Governor Carmelo Vargas, who is seen caressing a briefcase full of dollars. Governor Vargas then pays millions to TV MX to improve his image and make him a suitable candidate for the presidency. TV MX lands on the kidnapping of twin girls for this purpose, and shows Vargas as a dynamic leader heading the search efforts. The film is a sardonic, (black) humorous, at times violent look at the convergence of presidential politics and a voracious media monopoly. The viewer is left to decide how much is fiction and how much is a true reflection of life at the top in Mexico. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. El Presidente de la Repblica comete uno ms de sus frecuentes disparates. TV MX, la poderosa Corporacin Mexicana de Televisin, tiene que ayudar a su amigo y aliado a salir del problema antes de que se convierta en otra grave crisis de imagen y popularidad. Para desviar la atencin, la televisora da a conocer en su noticiero estelar, y de manera muy escandalosa, un video que involucra al Gobernador Carmelo Vargas en horrendos crmenes y graves negocios ilcitos. El Gober Vargas, preocupado por su futuro poltico, decide negociar un millonario y secreto acuerdo con los dueos de la televisora. Carlos Rojo, un joven y ambicioso productor de noticias; Ricardo Daz, reportero estrella de la televisora y Javier Prez Harris, conductor del noticiero estelar, son comisionados para cambiar la imagen que la opinin pblica tiene del corrupto y folclrico Gober, y lograr - a cualquier costo convertirlo en una fulgurante estrella poltica y un posible candidato a la presidencia. La Televisin ya puso un Presidente Lo volver a hacer? 