 Yatra (2018)321) An Indian politician takes up a decision to go on a 900-mile walking tour as a part of his election campaign. Yatra is an emotional tribute to the former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy. Yatra focuses on certain events leading up to YS Rajasekhara Reddy's (YSR) padayatra or journey on foot across Andhra Pradesh in 2003. During the course of the journey YSR learnt about the things that concern the people and in turn made the people realize the kind of person he is. We also learn how the 1500 km journey shaped the two time Chief Minister's life and his short lived career. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Yatra revolves around the biography of DR Y S Rajasekhar Reddy (played by Mammootty) and how he went on a Padayatra (journey by foot) before the historical 2004 elections in the state of Andhra Pradesh. The film showcases what problems YSR faced during this journey and how he won the elections with a huge margin and thereby announcing several policies that benefited the people of Andhra Pradesh. Yatra is directed by Mahi V Raghav under 70MM Entertainments banner and presented by Shiva Meka. Yatra was released worldwide in Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam on 8 February, 2019.The movie also stars Jagapathi Babu, Suhasini Maniratnam, Ashrita Vemuganti, Sachin Khedekar, Rao Ramesh and Anasuya Bharadwaj among others. Sensing all odds against his party, Congress leader, Dr Y. S. Rajasekhar Reddy decided to take a journey by foot covering 1475 kilometers in a span of 68 days across the state in a "Do or Die" battle before the historical Andhra Pradesh State Assembly elections in the year 2004. The movie throws light on his journey which began at Chevella in Ranga Reddy district and ended at Ichchapuram in Srikakulam district. The film showcases what problems Y S Rajasekhar Reddy faced in this journey. He meets different sections of people, listens to them, sees their plight, and observes the conditions and notes down all of them. This journey changes everything - Andhra Pradesh's political scenario as well as his life and shows us how he emerged victorious in the Assembly elections and announced several policies which won the hearts of many. The film ends with Dr Y. S. Rajasekhar Reddy becoming the Chief Minister of the then (united) Andhra Pradesh and later his death. 