 Hyena Road (2015)211) Three different men, three different worlds, three different wars - all stand at the intersection of modern warfare - a murky world of fluid morality where all is not as it seems. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Kandahar Province in Afghanistan, a group of Canadian soldiers led by Ryan is watching a road. Another group needs to know whether the road is safe and when the first group sees that it isn't, warns the other group to stay away. There is an explosion and lots of enemy soldiers start shooting. The Canadians take shelter in a compound where an elder with two different colored eyes somehow assures them they will be all right, though he doesn't speak English. There are two young girls among the innocent civilians. The Canadians return to their base. Captain Mitchell wants more information on the elder so he can show his appreciation. With some effort, he is able to find out this must be The Ghost, who served in the war with the Soviets, and was given this name because no matter what he won't die. Bashir Daoud Khan, known as BDK, served under The Ghost but is mistreating people. A visit to Kandahar City turns violent. Innocent people are killed. The Canadians have to decide who is really innocent and who they should shoot. In one case a decision must be made about an 11-year-old boy. Ryan and Mitchell meet with The Ghost and Mitchell gives him money. The Ghost claims to be Pakistani and more than 5000 years old, or at least that's what the interpreter said. Someone else claimed that these people have an ancient culture and Islam is a relatively recent addition, although the Canadians have been told The Ghost helped them because it pleases Allah. Ryan has an additional complication. He is in a relationship with Captain Bowman, who communicates with the troops when they are not on base. She learns she is pregnant. The Ghost is asked to attend a ceremony related to Hyena Road, but the meeting can take place in one of several places, and which one is used will determine how the meeting is interpreted. The Canadians learn that BDK owns the land where The Ghost gave them shelter, and that The Ghost's son Abdul farms the land. However, Abdul owes BDK $5000 and if BDK doesn't get it, Abdul is in serious trouble. A group of snipers is present when BDK meets with Abdul. BDK kidnaps Abdul's daughters, who were in the earlier scene, but the snipers can do nothing. It is learned he will sell them to pay Abdul's debt. Now, the objective is to find the daughters and rescue them. The Ghost has BDK's son killed. The Ghost, given the money Abdul owes, helps the Canadians search for BDK. When they meet, The Ghost shows BDK his son's head. BDK is about to shoot The Ghost, so a sniper shoots him. The sniper is told this was wrong because it deprived The Ghost of an honorable death and he has nothing to live for. Eventually the Canadians find a building where children are kept in cages and rescue them. But Ryan and The Ghost are trapped by enemy soldiers and help is too far away. There is one option, but it involves killing them both. Earlier Ryan and Jennifer had a talk about their future. Now they must have a final conversation over the radio, and a large cannon is fired at Ryan and The Ghost. There are ceremonies for both men. For Ryan, it involves Canadian flags and a bagpipe. For The Ghost, it is a much quieter ceremony in the desert. 