 Lucifer (20162021)321) Lucifer Morningstar has decided he's had enough of being the dutiful servant in Hell and decides to spend some time on Earth to better understand humanity. He settles in Los Angeles - the City of Angels. Lucifer Morningstar, bored from his sulking life in hell, comes to live in Los Angeles. While there, he helps humanity with its miseries through his experience and telepathic abilities to bring people's deepest desires and thoughts out of them. While meeting with a Detective in his nightclub (Lux), a shootout involving him and the Detective leads him to become an LAPD consultant who tries to punish people for their crimes through law and justice. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based upon the characters created by Neil Gaiman , Sam Kieth and Mike Dringenberg , LUCIFER is the story of the original fallen angel. Bored and unhappy as the Lord of Hell, LUCIFER MORNINGSTAR has abandoned his throne and retired to L.A., where he owns Lux, an upscale nightclub. Charming, charismatic and devilishly handsome, Lucifer ( Tom Ellis ) is enjoying his retirement, indulging in a few of his favorite things wine, women, and song when a beautiful pop star is brutally murdered outside of Lux. For the first time in roughly 10 billion years, he feels something awaken deep within him as a result of this murder. Compassion? Sympathy? The very thought disturbs him as well as his best friend and confidante, Mazikeen ( Lesley-Ann Brandt ), a fierce demon in the form of a beautiful young woman. The murder attracts the attention of LAPD homicide detective CHLOE DECKER, who initially is dismissive of Lucifer. But she becomes intrigued by his talent for drawing out people's secrets and his desire to dispense justice, doling out punishment to those who deserve it. As they work together to solve the pop star's murder, Lucifer is struck by Chloe's inherent goodness. Accustomed to dealing with the absolute worst of humanity, Lucifer is intrigued by Chloe's apparent purity and begins to wonder if there's hope for his own soul yet. At the same time, God's emissary, the angel Amendiel ( D.B. Woodside ), has been sent to Los Angeles to convince Lucifer to return to the underworld can the Devil incarnate be tempted toward the side of Good, or will his original calling pull him back toward Evil? 