 La influencia (2019)Summaries After moving back to her family home to care for her dying mother, a nurse haunted by her childhood memories must struggle with an evil force in the house. Alicia is a nurse who moves from the city to her natal little town of Duesos (municipality of Caravia, east to Principality of Asturias; northwest to Spain), in order to care Victoria, her aging and dying mother, connected to a life support machine to still breathing when she fell in a coma one month ago, after three years struggling with a terminal disease. Moving there with her unemployed husband Mikel and their daughter Nora, Alicia meets again with her younger sister Sara and she meets Ana, Victoria's nurse assistant. At the same time that Alicia tries to reconcile her present with a hard childhood due to the abusive and dominant Victoria, a witch turned crazy after the death of her husband (Alicia and Sara's father) and she blamed them by it, Mikel finds a job in the port town, and Nora meets a strange little girl, Luna, who bad behavior and attitude starts to affect her. Suspecting about her own mother despite the coma, the changes in Nora makes Alicia to think in an evil plot with Nora as objective after Victoria named her universal heiress in the will, and specially after to find Victoria's tools for practice witchcraft. Denied to die and looking for a different kind of immortality, Victoria's plan closes around her granddaughter, while Alicia starts a race against time to save Nora before it be too much late. Chockys The nurse Alicia is summoned by her sister Sara and returns to the dark house of her mother Victoria with her husband, the unemployed electrician Mikel, and their ten year-old daughter Nora. Alicia and Victoria have been estranged to each other for many years and now Victoria is terminal in comatose and Alicia will help the nurse Ana. Alicia has recollections from her abused childhood, when Sara and she were maltreated and controlled by her mother in rituals of witchcraft. Mikel finds a room with witchcraft objects and occult books that belong to Victoria, shows to his wife and they keep it locked. Soon Nora communicates with Victoria and changes her behavior, befriend the creepy outcast girl Luna and Alicia realizes that her daughter in under control of the witch Victoria. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 