 Exposed (III) (2016)321) A police detective investigates the truth behind his partner's death. The mysterious case reveals disturbing police corruption and a dangerous secret involving an unlikely young woman. Detective Galban ( Keanu Reeves ) finds his partner and close friend, Detective Cullen, murdered in a subway. On the hunt for the killer(s), Galban begins to suspect his partner may have been heavily involved in drug dealing and police corruption. As Galban investigates, people who knew Cullen are conveniently found dead. The closer Galban gets to the truth, both Cullen's wife, Janine ( Mira Sorvino ), and his lieutenant ( Christopher McDonald ) try to persuade him to back off, fearing his findings may discredit Cullen and expose corruption within the police department. Galban's only remaining lead is Isabel, a young, devout, Latina girl who resides with her in-laws. Galban fears her life could be in jeopardy should he get too close to her. However, Isabel has recently experienced something not from this world, something mystical that she believes is truly a miracle. Not unlike Galban, Isabel is dealing with her own demons from the past, a past that just may lead them to the truth; in turn, bringing both some form of assurance. a-movie-fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins with Isabel and her brother in law leaving a club where they run into a guy her brother in law used to know from his time spent in jail. Photos are being taken while this meetup takes place after which Isabel goes to the train station to await her ride home. Isabel begins to see mystical creatures first at the plane station. A detective is murdered and his partner is on a heavy strain to find the culprits responsible for the death. The more he digs, the more he realizes how dirty his ex partner was until his chief of police advises him to stop digging so as not to jeopardize the pension meant for his ex partners wife. Isabel who is seen as a devout catholic works in a nursery school and notices one of her pupils is deeply disturbed. She takes the pupil home and soon realizes her pupil is being abused by her father. During the investigation of the dirty cop, the police question a street thug who talks to Isabel's in law who shrugs it off in a nonchalant manner and soon ends up dead. Meanwhile the detective investigating the death of his partner goes to visit his ex partner's wife and breaks the news to her with his new partner that further investigation into her husband's death may jeopardize the pension during which she has an outburst and tells them to leave. During the birthday of the detective, she celebrates his birthday with a muffin during which she seduces him citing the fact that her husband is dead and the detective's wife is dead hence no crime was committed. She later tells the detective that her husband was a dirty cop and even rapped an inmate in prison(Isabel's in law) Isabel continues to see mystical creatures after which her husband's dog and her husband dies and is buried. Series of flashback shows Isabel having sex with her brother in law and grief stricken that her husband is dead. She soon finds out she's pregnant and calls it a miracle. She tells her in law during dinner and they ask her to leave. Isabel moves back home to live with her parents. The detective investigating the case of his partner's death fears for Isabel because anyone he brings in for questioning winds up dead. The movie ends with Isabel sneaking her pupil into her parents house and her pupil screaming about a man. During which Isabel takes a knife and plunges it into her father's stomach and sits on a chair cradling her pupil which is actually young Isabel as a child suffering abuse from her father. The detective is seen cradling Isabel as she unravels the past. Series of flashback shows where Isabel left the club that night to wait for her train and the dead detective abducts her and rapes her brutally. After he's done and turns to walk away, Isabel reaches into her purse and plunges a knife into his back after which she pushes him into the rail tracks. 