 What's the Time in Your World? (2014)211) A woman comes back from Paris to her country after a long time. She meets a man that she hardly knows, but he knows a lot about her life. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Goli (Hatami) landing at Tehran airport for her first visit to her hometown Rasht in two decades. She's been living in France and has established quite a life judging from a phone call with (presumed) partner Antoine about her sudden plans. A plucky, semi-acoustic guitar soundtrack signals the beginning of a road trip, and in ways What's the Time in Your World? is just that; it's just a road trip through memories. At the bus terminal at Rasht she's greeted by the local frame-maker Farhad (Hatami's husband Mosaffa, also producer here), who puts her in a taxi. He clearly knows her (they seem to have a private window tap greeting), but Goli is baffled, convinced she's never met Farhad in her life. He leaves her to go about her business but quickly starts showing up wherever she is the market, her favorite diner, random streets and it begins Goli's deeper investigation into her memory and identity. What's the Time in Your World? is a delicate, understated exploration of memory, personal history and our perceptions of the past as much as it is a subtle and unconventional romance, one that segues into a valuable friendship. Yazdanian brings his documentarian's eye to his frames, often letting the action flow within their confines as if seeking a kind of authenticity as to how the characters interact. Goli and Farhad each have their demons, sometimes relating to each other, and the pair's leisurely strolls and rambling conversations exorcise some of them. But it's not all lonely hearts and mystery. Goli is particularly affected by her mother's death and the fact that she was absent for her protracted illness. Goli and Farhad's connection is revealed layer by layer, never in a rush to get to the next reveal or moment of recognition (to be fair, sometimes not in enough of a rush). - Elizabeth Kerr (Hollywood Reporter) 