 Dark Matter (20152017)55) In the dystopian 27th century, six people wake up on a deserted spaceship with no memory of who they are or what they're doing there. They reluctantly team up and set off to find answers with the help of a female android. The six-person crew of a derelict spaceship awakens from stasis in the farthest reaches of space. Their memories wiped clean, they have no recollection of who they are or how they got on board. The only clue to their identities is a cargo bay full of weaponry and a destination: a remote mining colony that is about to become a war zone. With no idea whose side they are on, they face a deadly decision. Will these amnesiacs turn their backs on history, or will their pasts catch up with them? Six people, four men and two women, awake in a spaceship with no memory of the past. As they can't remember their own names, they name themselves by the order in which they awoke - One, Two, Three, Four, Five and Six. Over time they discover who they are and why they are on the ship. However, their pasts are bound to catch up with them, including deals and enemies made in those pasts. More importantly, considering all the dangers and adventures awaiting them, they might want to learn to trust each other and work together... grantss In Dark Matter, the crew of a derelict spaceship is awakened from stasis with no memories of who they are or how they got on board. Facing threats at every turn, they have to work together to survive a voyage charged with vengeance, betrayal and hidden secrets. ahmetkozan Six strangers wake up on the spaceship Raza with complete amnesia. With no idea who they are, they assign themselves numbers instead of names, they set about trying to figure out who they are and discover they have a cargo hold full of weapons and are headed to a colony world for some yet unknown purpose. This intriguing inciting incident adds a unique flavour to what could have been a pretty standard spaceship + crew set-up, offering up meditations on identity and morality along with the standard lasers and androids. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 