 Superlopez (2018)Summaries Juan Lpez, an ordinary and anonymous office worker, decides to expose his superpowers to turn into the first Spanish superhero: Superlpez. In a faraway planet named Chitn, evil General Skorba threatens with his armies to conquer and annihilate all cities and inhabitants, but a scientist named Jan and his wife decide to save their newborn baby giving special superpowers and sending him to planet Earth in a space pod to keep him safe and sound. When General Skorba arrives, his child daughter gata uses her telepathic abilities to trace the baby, and promising her father kill him and destroy planet Earth, travels in another space pod following the first, but in the Earth's orbit the pod of Jan's son crashes against an artificial satellite, falling in Spain and not USA as it can be wanted. Thirty years later, not knowing his past and hiding his powers to everybody, Juan Lpez is an office worker raised and educated of a little town by two farmers who they have a car repair's shop. Unable to hide him by more time and wanting to help the people, Juan saves a subway train to crash, exposing unwittingly to the public eye and that the now adult gata, turned in the CEO of her own and most important cleaner machine company around the world, travel Spain to capture Juan. Things complicate after Luisa Lanas, Juan's former love interest in the university who is hired to work in the same company by Jaime, Juan's boss, in a poor attempt to date her. After a failed kidnap by gata, Juan come back to house of his parents, where he discovers his true past and the reasons of his superpowers. Using her clones and all the alien technology she has, beauty and deadly gata will looking for accomplish the Earth's annihilation and win her father's approval, but Juan will faces her to save Luisa and his family. Chockys Juan Lpez tries his hardest to be a regular fellow who takes pleasure in his morning croissant at the office. However, with his amazing eyesight, his superhuman strength and his ability to fly, he is really struggling to pass unnoticed. What he does not yet know is that he is the bearer of a vital secret that can save his planet Chiton from the claws of the evil Skorba and his sibylline daughter gata. The secret is on the verge of being revealed when Luisa, an old flame from Lopez's teen years, shows up in his orderly life. In his attempt to win her heart, Juan must catch her eye, unaware that he may be making things easier for Skorba and gata to eventually hunt him down and raze Chitn to the ground. Domingo Alvarez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 