 Mr. Robot (20152019)651) Elliot, a brilliant but highly unstable young cyber-security engineer and vigilante hacker, becomes a key figure in a complex game of global dominance when he and his shadowy allies try to take down the corrupt corporation he works for. Elliot is a brilliant introverted young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and vigilante hacker by night. He also happens to be suffering from a strange condition similar to schizophrenia which he futilely tries to keep under control by regularly taking both legal and illegal drugs and visiting his therapist. When a strange feisty young woman named Darlene and a secretive middle-aged man calling himself Mr. Robot, who claims to be the mysterious leader of an underground hacking group known as F-Society, offer Elliot a chance to take his vigilantism to the next level and help them take down E-Corp, the corrupt multi-national financial company that Elliot works for and likes to call Evil Corp, Elliot finds himself at the crossroads. Mr. Robot, who has personal reasons for wanting to take down E-Corp, also reveals that he already has one ally, an even more mysterious, secretive and highly dangerous shadowy hacking group known only as Dark Army. Meanwhile, Elliot's childhood and only friend, Angela, who blames E-Corp for the death of their parents, tries to take down E-Corp legally by joining their ranks and trying to dig up evidence of their corruption from the inside. A wild card in this scheme becomes Tyrell Wellick, an unhinged psychopathic E-Corp yuppie, originally from Scandinavia, who has a very unusual relationship with his dominant and ambitious wife Joanna. After many twists and turns, Mr. Robot's plan is finally put in motion - with catastrophic (un)intended results. But that's just the end of the beginning of the real story. Mr. Robot follows Elliot, a young programmer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and as a vigilante hacker by night. Elliot finds himself at a crossroads when the mysterious leader of an underground hacker group recruits him to destroy the firm he is paid to protect. Compelled by his personal beliefs, Elliot struggles to resist the chance to take down the multinational CEOs he believes are running (and ruining) the world. Eventually, he realizes that a global conspiracy does exist, but not the one he expected. ahmetkozan Young, anti-social computer programmer Elliot works as a cybersecurity engineer during the day, but at night he is a vigilante hacker. He is recruited by the mysterious leader of an underground group of hackers to join their organization. Elliot's task? Help bring down corporate America, including the company he is paid to protect, which presents him with a moral dilemma. Although he works for a corporation, his personal beliefs make it hard to resist the urge to take down the heads of multinational companies that he believes are running -- and ruining -- the world. Jwelch5742 In the year 2015, an incredibly unstable cyber-security engineer named Elliot is recruited by a shady group of hackers to bring down the most powerful corporation in the history of civilization; meanwhile, a dark project whose purpose could bring about profound implications for society itself nears its completion. chingeeflingee Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elliot's internal struggles surrounding his upbringing and personal life intertwine with his present external challenges as part of fsociety. Being very introverted, Elliot fails to express emotions and determine for himself what is real and what is not, a question that is also left somewhat ambiguous to the viewer. In particular Elliot struggles to remember important facts about his close relatives. Elliot is ultimately revealed to be partly responsible for the death of neighbour and close friend, Shayla (though accidental). His search for other chemicals to mix with his morphine addiction led Shayla to become reliant on a criminal psychopath. Elliot manages to help imprison the criminal before being forced to help free him on the promise that Shayla would be left unharmed, a promise that was not kept. Meanwhile in Evil Corp, Tyrell Wellick is desperate to be promoted to CTO. The determined young employee also appears to have an unusual relationship with his similarly ambitious wife - with his pending promotion their only real common purpose. Failing to get the promotion, out of desperation Tyrell kills the new CTO's wife showing increasingly psychopathic tendencies. Eventually with the hard work of fsociety (it's hard to know exactly to what extent Elliot is himself wholly fsociety, but the group certainly appears to be ultimately based mainly around Elliot and his sister, Darlene), and with help from other hackers in China, the large scale hack on Evil Corp is carried out successfully and all debt data held by the giant corporation is lost. 