 Chronicle of a Serial Killer (2020)Summaries What goes through the mind of a serial killer as he meticulously plots his crimes, researching his victims and entrapping them while they are none the wiser? This thriller takes us on a journey into the twisted mind of a serial killer, and his obsession to fill a void in his heart, by viciously killing women who he believes will ultimately turn out like his mother. Henry Brolin lives in an encapsulated world, which is driven from his abusive childhood. His agenda is to rid the world of egregious women, who he believes will eventually torture their sons. He sets his plan in motion, entrapping the women on the internet. Unrenowned to the diabolical torture that lies ahead for each victim, he carefully plots each attack right down to the finest detail. Veteran Detectives Jon Bosley and Kelly Smith are assigned the case. As they gather evidence against the serial killer, his on going slaughter of women continue to grow, causing an uproar in the city. As they get a break in the case, through a botched attempt on kidnapping a victim, a witness catches Brolin's plate. Detectives Bosely and Smith set a sting for Brolin at his hideaway cabin out of the city limits. But Brolin is one step ahead of the cunning detectives and has a plot of his own, engaging one of them to be caught up in his horrifying plan. Will this twisted serial killer get the chair? Will he spend his days in a psych ward with the hopes of getting out one day? What will determine Brolin's fate? What goes through the mind of a serial killer as he meticulously plots his crimes, researching his victims and entrapping them while they are none the wiser? For Henry Brolin, a childhood spent with an abusive mother motivates him to seek out others like her, slaughtering his victims in a vicious spree that soon causes an uproar throughout the city. Under pressure to find the killer, detectives Jon Bosley and Kelly Smith are assigned to the case. In an attempt to outfox the cunning killer, the detectives set a sting at Brolin's cabin hideaway outside the city limits. But Brolin is one step ahead in this psychological game and engages one of the detectives in his horrifying plan. Will Brolin receive the punishment he so richly deserves? Or will he leisurely spend his days in a psych ward? And, most importantly, what will determine Brolin's fate? Douglas Ohlandt It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 