 The Healer (IV) (2016)Summaries A young man suddenly discovers he has the gift of healing. Trying to understand it and the new reality it offers, a teenage girl with terminal cancer unexpectedly shows him the way. Alec Bailey is a gambling, womanizing bankrupt electrical repairman who still is traumatized by the death of his twin brother Charlie. Without a penny and almost in the poorhouse, Alec learns he has an uncle, Richard Heacock, brother of his mother, who lives in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Richard offers to solve Alec's money debts with one condition - that Alec moves to and lives in Halifax for a year. Reluctant to the travel but threatened by a violent money collector, Alec accepts Uncle Richard's proposal. When he arrives in Halifax, he discovers the villagers believe he is "The Chosen One," a man with the ability to heal all diseases. At the same time, Halifax's local Sheriff starts a personal campaign against Alec in the belief that he's a fraud who's cheating people. Trapped by a situation that little by little overwhelms him, Alec finds a friend in Cecilia, a lovely local veterinarian. Richard tells Alec his ancestors are a family of healers with the gift to heal if it's in the fate of the each person to be healed - a gift that skips a generation and must be accepted or rejected at midnight on one's thirtieth birthday. Refusing his gift the next day, Alec meets Abigail, a sassy, worldly and sarcastic 14-years-old with terminal cancer. Trying to convince Abigail's parents that he can't heal her, Alec accepts Abigail's idea to spend time together over the weekend in order to escape two days from her overprotective parents. Alec discovers in Abigail a force of nature full of life and energy at the same time the feelings between Cecilia and him develop. Alec starts to question himself and the bad decisions in his life, asking God for a second chance to recover his gift and save Abigail; but, when uncle Richard reveals that the gift can't be recovered once renounced, Alec finds a way to give Abigail the best weekend he can deliver. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 