 Echo Boomers (2020)321) Based on a true story, five college graduates decide the best way to get back at the unfair economy and live the life they've always wanted is to steal from Chicago's richest and give to themselves. Two-time Academy Award nominee Michael Shannon (Knives Out) stars in this gripping crime-thriller filled with pulse-pounding twists and turns. A recent college graduate Lance Zutterland (Patrick Schwarzenegger) leaves school in debt, realizing everything he had worked towards was built on a lie. When he is pulled into a criminal underground operation, he finds his peers fighting the system by stealing from the rich and giving to - themselves. With nothing to lose, they leave behind a trail of destruction but with the cops closing in, tensions mount and Lance soon discovers he is in over his head with no way out. Saban Films Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the midst of financial crisis, a recent college graduate Lance Zutterland, who leaves school in debt, decides to join with other college graduates - consisting of Ellis, Jack, Stewart, Chandler, and Allie - stealing valuable paintings owned by Chicago's richest for themselves under the supervision of Mel Donnelly. During the heist, the group expresses their anger by wrecking anything valuable but Mel will only pay them if they deliver the stolen paintings intact. Lance bonds with Ellis's girlfriend Allie and they become friends but upon bringing Allie home to their apartment, Ellis intimidates Lance into staying away from her. They buy expensive business attire and pretend to be accountants so they can interview with upper class clients and trick them into giving them their address. In one of their heists, Chandler inadvertently crosses paths with a realtor and his facial composite is released to the public. While Ellis leaves the table for a minute, Jack plugs Ellis's phone into his laptop to copy the images, where they see the house of Daniel Wardlaw. The group realize that Wardlaw's house has a vault and they agree to rob his house. Mel summons the group where he introduces his new henchmen, threatening to go after them if someone reveals Mel's name. Later, they go to a nightclub where Allie loses consciousness after an overdose of cocaine. They bring Allie to the hospital, but knowing that bringing her in may lead to their arrest, Stewart kicks her out. Lance reluctantly helps her despite the group's objections and stays by her side for the night. On their way to Wardlaw's, Lance argues with Stewart over his recklessness. Arriving there, Jack ties Wardlaw up and Stewart and Chandler take most of the money from the vault. Angry over Stewart's negligence to Allie, Lance locks them up in the vault and drives away with Jack and the bags of money. They arrive at Ellis's apartment to get Allie, who refuses to go with Jack after being persuaded by Ellis. The rest of the group including Mel is subsequently arrested and each of them are sentenced to at least seven years. Lance and Jack hide at the motel in Nebraska where they stay the night. The next morning, Lance wakes up to find Jack and the van gone, with nowhere else to go and penniless, he turned himself to the police. (copied from Wikipedia) 