 Beyond the Gates (2016)55) Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing father's video store and find a VCR board game dubbed 'Beyond The Gates' that holds a connection to their father's disappearance. Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing father's video store to liquidate the property and sell off his assets. As they dig through the store, they find a VCR board game dubbed 'Beyond The Gates' that holds a connection to their father's disappearance and deadly consequences for anyone who plays it. Gordon returns to his hometown with his girlfriend Margot to meet his estranged brother John to close the video store of their missing father and pack the videotapes and the DVDs. John finds the key of the office that is closed and decides to snoop around with Gordon. They find the VCR board game "Beyond the Gates" and they decide to play with Margot. Soon they learn that the game must be played until the very end; otherwise they will die. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After years of estrangement, brothers, Gordon and John, reluctantly reunite in their hometown to clear out their reclusive father's dusty and neglected VHS-rental emporium. It's been more than seven months since his mysterious disappearance, and both siblings need to find closure; however, when they stumble upon a bizarre VCR board game, they will find themselves lured into an infernal realm. Little by little, as the cryptic game hostess seems to watch the players' every move, more questions arise. Is this game, indeed, an entrance to the netherworld? In the end, what lies Beyond the Gates? Nick Riganas In the wake of their father's mysterious disappearance, two estranged brothers-responsible Gordon (Graham Skipper) and reckless John (Chase Williamson)-reunite to sift through the contents of his stubbornly anachronistic VHS rental store. Among the inventory, they discover an interactive VCR board game, which their father viewed just before he vanished. Intrigued, the boys pop in the tape, press play, and soon discover that, far from an ordinary game, the video is a portal to a nightmarish alternate reality overseen by a sinister hostess (Barbara Crampton) and that in order to save their father's soul, they must play by her rules. IFC MIdnight It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 