 Secuestro (2016)Summaries When her boy's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. Vctor is a child who is found casually roaming by a country road. His mother, Patricia, a well-known lawyer who specializes in media trials, soon learns of her son being found. Victor is taken to hospital and his mother soon follows, where it is explained by the mother that Vctor is deaf and mute, but can communicate using sign language which is why Victor didn't answer any of the questions asked by police. In the police headquarter Vctor explains that he was kidnapped by a strange man when he entered his school. The police identify a possible suspect named Charlie, a man with money troubles and an 8-month pregnant wife. Charlie is unable to explain where he was when Vctor was kidnapped. Patricia, seeing the inability of the police to arrest Charlie, contacts her former love interest and Victor's father, Ral, starting a chain of events, the consequences of which will be out of control. Chockys Born deaf, Vctor, an introverted and friendless 12-year-old boy, is found wandering aimlessly during school hours down a narrow and tree-shaded rural road, completely in shock. Little by little, as the boy's mother, the reputable and well-known attorney, Patricia de Lucas, aids the investigation by translating for Vctor, the mystery begins to unfold, revealing that the schoolboy was, in fact, kidnapped by an unknown hooded man earlier that day. However, for lack of solid evidence, Vctor's alleged kidnapper will soon be released, triggering a pained mother's personal and seemingly hopeless quest for justice. Eventually, as Patricia decides to take matters into her own hands, awful secrets will begin to surface paired with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences. In the end, who kidnapped Vctor? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 