 The Gandhi Murder (2019)55) This is a conspiracy theory period movie based on true events, that led to the eventual assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. The movie demonstrates a violent India, at the backdrop of a non-violent Gandhi, and hard-line fanatic mindsets beginning to grow roots in an India divided on the basis of religion. This movie is a story of three police officers in different parts of India, who, well aware of the intelligence that Gandhi's life is under threat, must take key decisions that would eventually either save the Mahatma, or the country. Sachin Nikam This is a movie based on real events that shaped India as a secular, democratic country, and paved the way for the world's largest democracy, as it struggled and survived through its formative days immediately after independence from the British Empire. The movie draws an interesting parallel between India during the life and assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, and the U.S. during the life and assassination of Abraham Lincoln, and how their eventual assassinations, though tragic events in themselves, virtually turned the two countries around to be successful secular democracies, from the separatist and civil war path on which both were trudging. Ralitza Ivanova Raina (A senior intelligence officer): Based on a real life character, Raina is a senior intelligence officer faced with everyday challenges in a newly independent India marred with sectarian violence. Raina feels helpless and powerless to stem the violence, or the communal hatred that seems to be taking root in India. The country is headed towards a near certain civil war. Faced with key intelligence that some fanatics might be plotting to assassinate Gandhi, Raina must take the most important decision of his career, to save the Mahatma, or save the country. Can he cope with it? Jimmy: A DCP in Bombay police, Jimmy is a dynamic police officer, who would one day be a legend in Indian police force. Caught in the quagmire of sectarian politics and violence, Jimmy wants Independent India to get back to normal and the senseless frenzy of killings, rape and plunder to stop. As Raina's close friend, and confidante, Jimmy has worked together with intelligence to break tough cases, and is now faced with a task that he can fulfill very easily: "Arrest known conspirators who plan to assassinate Gandhi". But can saving Gandhi save India? Is this violent, burning India, split on sectarian lines really Gandhi's dream? As Gandhi goes on his last fast, Jimmy must create a balance between his friendship, his loyalty, his country, and his job. Alwright, Moobi T.G.: The first Director of Intelligence Bureau (DIB) of independent India, T.G. is faced with a unique situation. Gandhi's life is at risk, and he has critical information that can help catch the criminals. It should be an open and shut case. But with a severely depleted police force in Delhi (Many have left for England, or migrated to Pakistan) and a situation where inter-departmental politics and trust in his fellow officers cannot be taken for granted, there appears little T.G. can do. But T.G. has a reputation to keep, and is a legend in a country where legends are worshiped. Gandhi can still save the country. And that is reason enough to save him, against all odds. T.G. will do whatever it takes. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 