 Curvature (2017)321) An engineer travels back in time to stop herself from committing a murder. While grieving the death of her husband Wells, who committed suicide, Helen meets his partner Tomas that asks her blessing to proceed running their company. Helen returns to her work and out of the blue, she has a blackout for several days. She wakes up at home and receives a phone call from herself warning that a man is coming in a BMW to kill her. She flees and goes to the house of her friend Alex to ask for help. They head to an isolated cabin that belonged to Helen's father and soon Helen learns that she had sent herself to the past using a time machine invented by Wells to stop herself from committing a murder. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Helen's husband Wells is dead and she's not taking it well. Tomas meets with her to assure her that her husband's work will continue. Before I knew his name, I was going to describe him as a bald Jesse Tyler Ferguson. Actually, Prince Harry's beard on Prince William, before I realized he looked much older. It is not certain where Helen works. The mailing address is Washington DC but when she looks out the window, there are skyscrapers and I don't think D.C. has those. Helen went back to work before people thought she was ready, but it was the only way she knew how to cope. There is the long walk down the hall, and looking at those things that remind Helen of her husband. Helen's college professor. Linda Hamilton is Florence, who has given Helen permission to come back to her college and work on projects in the lab. It seems her robot spider still works after five years. Helen has been missing for a week and she doesn't remember what has happened. She gets a phone call at home from a mystery woman who she later suspects to be herself. The mystery caller says get out of the house and stay away from the man in the BMW, who looks like a Mexican drug gang leader. Helen finds her co-worker Alex who earlier was telling her maybe it was too soon. Together, they work to solve the mystery, which involves secret government plots, bizarre conspiracy theories, impossible science, and a car chase. Alex and Helen end up at the cabin Helen and Wells have. And the bad guys continue the chase from there. Eventually it is revealed Helen did use a time machine to go back in time. 