 How to Be a Latin Lover (2017)Summaries Finding himself dumped after twenty-five years of marriage, a man who made a career of seducing rich older women must move in with his estranged sister, where he begins to learn the value of family. Dumped by his filthy rich octogenarian wife for a younger toy-boy after twenty-five years of prosperous marriage, the pampered and now penniless gold-digger, Maximo, finds himself with his back to the wall. Forced to take matters into his own hands, perhaps for the very first time in his once-luxurious life, the ageing gigolo will have no other choice but to swallow his pride and seek shelter in the small house of his estranged widowed sister, Sara, and his ten-year-old nephew, Hugo. However, Maximo is utterly unprepared for the rude awakening coupled with a big slice of real life on the side. But, once a seducer, always a seducer, and as spoiled Maximo struggles to squeeze out one decent idea to seduce yet another fabulously wealthy widow, a new window of opportunity appears; one that includes a profitable first-rate tutorship in how to be the perfect Casanova. Can a leopard change its spots? Nick Riganas Having made a career of seducing rich older women, Maximo (Eugenio Derbez) marries a wealthy woman more than twice his age. Twenty-five years later, spoiled, out of shape, and bored from waking up next to his now eighty-year-old wife, he gets the surprise of his life when she ends up dumping him for a younger car salesman. Forced out of his mansion and desperate for a place to stay, he contacts Rick (Rob Lowe), another pampered gigolo. He crashes in the upscale playhouse of the woman's granddaughter, which does not go over very well. He soon moves in with his estranged sister, Sara (Salma Hayek), and her nerdy son, Hugo (Raphael Alejandro), in their small apartment. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 