 Good Time (2017)541) After a botched bank robbery lands his younger brother in prison, Connie Nikas embarks on a twisted odyssey through New York City's underworld to get his brother Nick out of jail. Connie Nikas forcibly removes his developmentally disabled brother Nick from a therapy session. The two rob a New York City bank for $65,000. In the getaway car, a dye pack explodes in a money bag, causing the driver to crash. Connie and Nick flee on foot, washing the dye from their clothes in a restaurant restroom. Stopped by police, Nick panics and runs; Nick is arrested while Connie escapes. Connie attempts to secure a bail bond, but needs $10,000 more to get Nick out of jail. He convinces his girlfriend, Corey, to pay with her mother's credit cards, but her mother cancels the cards. Connie learns that Nick has been hospitalized after a fight with an inmate. Motivated by fierce love for his intellectually disabled brother, Nick, and an explosive mix of despair and thirst for a better future, the tough fledgeling outlaw, Connie, involves his sibling in an ill-conceived bank robbery. But, after an unanticipated complication, Nick winds up in Rikers Island, forcing his desperate but determined sibling to embark on a nightmarish, no-holds-barred quest to bail him out. Now, over the course of a long and violent night, Connie will have to go to great lengths to save Nick from a cruel fate; however, he is doomed to do more harm than good. Is it all heading somewhere? Nick Riganas Following a botched bank robbery, Connie Nikkas and his younger, mentally challenged brother Nick are separated, with Nick being apprehended. To pay his brother's $75,000 dollar bail, Connie traverses New York's underworld across one long night, stopping at nothing to complete his goal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Connie Nikas forcibly removes his developmentally disabled brother Nick from a therapy session. The two rob a New York City bank for $65,000. In the getaway car, a dye pack explodes in a money bag, causing the driver to crash. Connie and Nick flee on foot, washing the dye from their clothes in a restaurant restroom. Stopped by police, Nick panics and runs; Nick is arrested while Connie escapes. Connie attempts to secure a bail bond, but needs $10,000 more to get Nick out of jail. He convinces his girlfriend, Corey, to pay with her mother's credit cards, but her mother cancels the cards. Connie learns that Nick has been hospitalized after a fight with an inmate. Connie breaks him out of the hospital, unconscious and bandaged, and convinces a woman to let them stay in her house with her 16-year-old granddaughter Crystal. While they watch TV, the news shows photos of Connie's face; to distract Crystal, he kisses her. Hearing screams from the other room, Connie realizes the man he broke out of the hospital is not Nick but a man released on parole, Ray. The three drive to the Adventureland amusement park, where Ray stowed a bottle of LSD solution worth several thousand dollars before he ran from police and injured himself. Searching for the bottle, Connie and Ray are discovered by a security guard; Connie beats him unconscious. As police arrive, Connie steals the man's uniform and Ray pours LSD down the man's throat to make him incoherent. Connie convinces the police that the guard was the intruder and destroys a hard drive containing security footage. Police arrest Crystal as she waits outside. Ray and Connie break into the guard's high-rise apartment. Ray begins drinking and Connie tells him he is a leech on society. At Connie's insistence, Ray calls his criminal friend Caliph to buy back the LSD so they can get the bail money. When Caliph arrives, Connie demands $15,000; Caliph agrees, but gestures to Ray that he will retrieve a firearm. Connie flees with the drugs, but is caught by police. Ray attempts to escape from a window but falls to his death. Nick joins a therapy class and begins to participate in a group activity. 