 A Series of Unfortunate Events (20172019)66) After the loss of their parents in a mysterious fire, the three Baudelaire children face trials and tribulations attempting to uncover dark family secrets. After the Baudelaire parents die in a terrible fire, the Baudelaire orphans search for their families secrets and get them and their fortune away from the terrible grasp of the sinister Count Olaf as he moves with them between different guardians in disguise. Nate Hoey After their parents and house are consumed in a blazing fire, Violet, Klause, and Sunny Baudelaire are sent to go live with their cruel and mysterious distant relative Count Olaf. What is meant to be a new beginning for the Baudelaire children turns out to be a beginning, but not the kind they wanted. Their arrival at Count Olaf's home sets off the first event in the ensuing Series of Unfortunate Events. John Joseph Skrip After a fire destroys their home, possesions, and parents, the Baudelaires are sent to live with a distant relative, Count Olaf, who turns out to be a dastardly criminal after the youngsters' fortune. As they cooperate with the evil Count's twisted plans, the Orphans learn from several mysterious relatives and guardians, there is something deeper that ties their parents, Count Olaf, and all of their mysterious new allies together. The deeper they get in their investigation, the more they discover about their parents dark family secrets. Alfonso Smith After their parents perish in a terrible fire, the Baudelaire Orphans find out dark secrets about their parents and what they actually used to do. Their parents have already prepared safety for the Baudelaire children, but there just might be someone who's willing to take the trouble. abdullahmamun-38677 After their parents perish in a terribly mysterious fire, Klaus, Violet and Sunny Baudelaire are sent to a very distant relative, only to find out that the relative is unbelievably evil and only after their fortune. But this was only the beginning of a large string of unfortunate events. As the Baudelaires travel around the world trying to escape the distant relative, they learn about other unknown relatives who their parents never mentioned. They learn about the secrets of their parents. What they actually used to do, what they were preparing the Baudelaires for. But it's almost as if this series of unfortunate events will never end. abdullahmamun-38677 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 