 The Misfits (2021)321) After being recruited by a group of unconventional thieves, renowned criminal Richard Pace finds himself caught up in an elaborate gold heist that promises to have far-reaching implications on his life and the lives of countless others. Even a federal maximum-security prison can't hold Richard Pace (Golden Globe nominee PIERCE BROSNAN), a brilliant international thief. But his daring escape and high-octane car chase, eluding the FBI and police, ends with him being scooped up by The Misfits, a band of modern-day Robin Hoods. Led by the eccentric and charismatic Ringo (NICK CANNON) with Violet (JAMIE CHUNG), the Prince (RAMI JABER), and Wick (MIKE ANGELO) with Pace's daughter Hope (HERMIONE CORFIELD)- a mysterious group who do devious things for all the right reasons. The skilled group convinces Pace to join them to pull off the heist of the century: stealing millions in gold bars kept under one of the most secure prisons on earth, owned by rogue businessman Schultz (Tim Roth), and used for funding terrorist groups worldwide. Aside from the money, Pace wants revenge against Schultz, the man behind his incarceration. From LA to Abu Dhabi, it will take supercharged engines, forged identities, multiple cons, camels, nitro and massive explosions to succeed. Directed by RENNY HARLIN (Die Hard 2: Die Harder, Cliffhanger), THE MISFITS brings a new team of outsiders into the world of action-adventure. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. They say no good deed goes unpunished. But a talented group of outcasts that call themselves the Misfits are looking to reverse that. Using their scam-artist smarts, fierceness, and an eye for weak spots in the system, Ringo (NICK CANNON), Violent (JAMIE CHUNG), the Prince (RAMI JABER), and Wick (MIKE ANGELO) combine their skills to take bad guys' cash and send it to people in need, free victims of human trafficking, and stop production at illegal drug manufacturing plants. Now, as the Misfits face their biggest challenge - taking on a terrorist organization called the Muslim Brotherhood on the cusp of a major attack - they need an expert thief in their ranks. That's where Richard Pace (two-time Golden Globe nominee PIERCE BROSNAN) comes in. A top-notch larcenist and confidence man who's just broken out of prison, Pace reconnects with his daughter Hope (HERMIONE CORFIELD), who has ties to the Misfits, to become the group's unofficial mentor. But there's trouble trailing them: Warner Schultz (Academy Award nominee TIM ROTH), who oversees privatized prisons all over the planet, including one Pace has previously broken out of. With his own down-and-dirty squad and a killer grudge against Pace, Schultz follows the Misfits to Abu Dhabi, intent on catching Pace once and for all before the Misfits can nab the terrorists' cachet of gold. In car chases across the desert, stakeouts in glimmering hotels, and tunnels underneath byzantine prisons, the Misfits use all of their abilities to get the gold out of Abu Dhabi and into the hands of people in need. They have an outside chance of pulling the biggest inside job ever...if it all goes their way. Directed by RENNY HARLIN (Die Hard 2: Die Harder, Cliffhanger, Deep Blue Sea, 5 Days of War), THE MISFITS brings an exciting and energizing new team to the action-adventure genre - and they're going to even the odds. 