 The Sisters Brothers (2018)431) Eli and Charlie Sisters, an infamous duo of gunslinging assassins, chase a gold prospector and his unexpected ally in 1850s Oregon. Based on Patrick DeWitt's novel, This movie revolves around the colorfully named gold prospector Hermann Kermit Warm (Riz Ahmed), who's being pursued across one thousand miles of 1850s Oregon desert to San Francisco, California by the notorious assassins Eli Sisters (John C. Reilly) and Charlie Sisters (Joaquin Phoenix). Except Eli is having a personal crisis and beginning to doubt the longevity of his chosen career. And Hermann might have a better offer. Polly_Kat The story follows Eli Sisters (John C. Reilly) and Charlie Sisters (Joaquin Phoenix), two hitmen brothers in the pay of a wealthy man known only as The Commodore (Rutger Hauer), who tasks them with killing a man named Hermann Kermit Warm (Riz Ahmed). The Commodore claims that Warm stole from him and left town. Eli comments that he finds it suspicious how many people seem to steal from a dangerous man like the Commodore, but Charlie defends their employer. Warm is being tracked by John Morris (Jake Gyllenhaal), a scout also in the Commodore's employ. Morris finds Warm travelling by wagon train south to San Francisco, California with the Gold Rush and befriends him. Warm complains of the difficulties involved in his trip, and Morris helps him by buying him a horse and travelling with him to Jacksonville, where, unbeknownst to Warm, Morris has arranged to rendezvous with the Sisters brothers. When they arrive, Warm finds handcuffs in Morris' bags, realizes what his true intentions are, and threatens Morris with a gun. However, Morris overpowers him and restrains him. While he is tied up, Warm reveals that he is en route to California to find gold using a chemical substance of his own devising. The Sisters brothers have been sent to retrieve the formula from him, which he expects they will do by means of torture before killing him. Unable to stand the thought of allowing an innocent man to be murdered for the Commodore's profit, Morris frees Warm and leaves Jacksonville with him. On the road toward San Francisco, Warm reveals that his ultimate plan is to create a Utopian society, free from greed and other social ills, in Texas. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the American West in 1851, brothers Eli and Charlie Sisters are gunfighters hired by a wealthy businessman, known as the Commodore. He tasks them to kill a man named Hermann Warm. John Morris, a private detective, has been engaged by the Commodore to track Warm down and hand him over to the Sisters brothers. Morris finds Warm traveling by wagon train to California with the Gold Rush and befriends him. They travel to Jacksonville where, unbeknown to Warm, Morris has arranged his rendezvous with the Sisters brothers. Warm finds Morris' handcuffs, realizes his true intentions, and threatens him at gunpoint, but Morris overpowers him. Warm reveals that he is en route to find gold using a chemical formula of his own invention; the Sisters brothers have been sent to retrieve the formula, most likely by torturing Warm before killing him. Refusing to allow an innocent man's murder, Morris frees Warm and the two leave Jacksonville. On the road toward San Francisco, Warm reveals that his ultimate plan is to create a utopian society, free from greed and other social ills in Dallas, Texas. Meanwhile, the brothers' pursuit is plagued by misfortune. A grizzly bear attacks their camp and mauls a horse, Eli almost dies from a venomous spider bite, and Charlie is repeatedly drunk and too hung over to ride. When they discover Morris' betrayal in Jacksonville, they follow the pair to Mayfield. At Ms. Mayfield's hotel and brothel, she denies having seen Warm and Morris, but offers the brothers a warm welcome. A sympathetic prostitute warns Eli of an impending attack, and he attempts to leave with a drunken Charlie, but they are cornered by gunslingers hired by Mayfield. The brothers kill the gunslingers and interrogate Mayfield as to Warm's and Morris' whereabouts, before murdering and robbing her. In San Francisco, Charlie and Eli argue about continuing their hunt. Eli wishes to retire but Charlie angrily rejects this idea. The next day, Charlie reveals that he has found a claim staked in Morris' name a few days' ride away. Eli agrees to complete the hunt as their final job. On the way to the claim site, the brothers are ambushed and captured by Warm and Morris, who are then attacked by Mayfield's men sent before her death to claim the formula for herself. The four men team up to kill Mayfield's men, after which Charlie and Eli agree to help Warm and Morris find gold in exchange for half the takings. Warm and Morris decide to prospect together and create a phalanstre in Dallas. Working to dam the river, the new partners develop a camaraderie. Eli reveals to Warm that Charlie killed their abusive, alcoholic father when they were young, and that Charlie's short temper and violent tendencies put him in danger, so Eli reluctantly took up their present employment to protect him. The dam is completed, and Warm explains that when his chemical formula is added to water, it causes gold ore to glow briefly, but is extremely caustic. The men pour the formula into the river and begin gathering the gold. When the glow begins to fade, Charlie panics and tries to add more formula, but spills the undiluted substance onto his hand and into the river. Eli rushes out of the river to restrain Charlie, while the undiluted formula badly injures Warm and Morris. The next day, Warm succumbs to his injuries while Morris shoots himself to end his suffering. Eli takes Charlie to the nearest town, where a doctor amputates his arm. Hired guns sent by the Commodore arrive and demand their surrender. Eli shoots them, and he and Charlie decide they must kill the Commodore. They arrive in Oregon City to find that the Commodore has died. During the brothers' visit to the Commodore's open casket, Eli punches the Commodore's corpse to verify the Commodore has indeed died. The brothers return home to their mother; though initially suspicious, she welcomes them in. 