 Battle for Incheon: Operation Chromite (2016)55) A team of spies is sent into Incheon to gain intelligence on North Korean positions ahead of the invasion by UN forces. American General Douglas MacArthur (Liam Neeson) sends eight members of the Korean Liaison Office, led by a South Korean Navy Lieutenant (Lee Jung-Jae) on a secret mission far behind North Korean lines to carry out Operation "X-ray". This covert operation must succeed so that MacArthur can launch the daring Incheon Landing Operation.This is a fictionalized version of the historical CIA/military intelligence operation "Trudy Jackson", part of Operation Chromite. Subrat Jain In 1950, the North Korean army has invaded and defeated South Korea. The UN coalition, under the command of General Douglas MacArthur, plots a bold plan called "Operation Chromite" to invade the South Korean peninsula, disembarking the troops through the Incheon port. However there are mines in the water and he needs to know the location of the defense first. MacArthur sends an eight-man military unit from the Korean Liaison Office in a secret operation called X-Ray under the command of South Korean Navy Lieutenant Jang Hak-soo to find the location of the North Korean defenses. They disguise as a North Korean inspection unit to infiltrate the enemy headquarter. However, North Korean Senior Colonel Lim Gye-jin suspects of Hak-soo and does not provide the mine location to him. What will the spies do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil September 1950. UN forces under General Douglas MacArthur are poised to invade and retake South Korea at the port city of Incheon. However, the operation, Operation Chromite, is fraught with risks and has a high probability of failure. In order to gain more intelligence on enemy positions, especially the placement of sea mines, MacArthur sends a team of eight Korean spies into Incheon. This is their story. grantss North Korean forces' surprise invasion of the South on June 25, 1950, marked the start of the Korean War. The capital Seoul fell in just 3 days, and within 40 days, North Korean forces gained control of almost the entire country. General MacArthur, the Commander-in-Chief of the United Nations forces, plans to strike back targeting the North Korean forces' blind spot, with a large scale amphibious operation. In order to gather intelligence, he dispatches a military intelligence unit consisting of special operatives who are given no service numbers, on a classified undercover mission. A naval lieutenant, JANG Hak-soo and his corpsmen successfully infiltrate into the North Korean army disguised as enemy soldiers and carry out their intelligence-gathering mission but a North Korean commanding officer in charge of Incheon Defense Territory, LIM Gye-jin turns a suspicious eye on them. A hidden story of special military operatives with no service numbers who changed the tide of war, their history-changing mission begins. CJ Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 