 Turnt (2020)321) This is a story of a young man named Kenny Stanford who had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short. A young man, Kenny Stanford had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short due to senseless street violence. His older brother Libaraiers lived by the laws of Money, Power and Respect. Due to the death of his brother, Libaraiers found himself on a new unlikely journey as a rap artist. He soon discovered that he possessed raw talent. This raw talent and his natural street persona birthed his rap name Rilla. Amazon Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a story of a young man named Kenny Stanford who had dreams of being an Successful artist in the music industry, but these dreams were cut short due to senseless street violence. His older brother Libaraiers Stanford lived by the laws of Money, Power and Respect. Due to the death of his brother, Libaraiers found himself on a new unlikely journey as a rap artist. He soon discovered that he possessed raw talent. This raw talent and his natural street persona birthed his rap name Rilla. Rilla vowed to avenge his Younger brothers death and also reach success in remembrance of his younger brother. He plans to do this via the hit T.V. Show Turnt, Turnt is a musical artist platform to help catapult artist into the main stream. With this his manager Courtney Thomas hopes to stand in the gap to guide Rilla down the path of hopefully becoming an international superstar but more importantly living out Kennys dreams but Rilla sees it other wise, he would rather cause pain to the industry of DJs, Promoters, and record companys who arent willing to deal with him. Rilla has the talent it takes to make it in the mainstream, but refuses to let the street life go. Due to the rejection of the so-called-industry Rilla thought he knew. Rilla finds humility throughout his journey due to these bad experiences. With the help and encouraging words from his manager Courtney, his mother, sister Desiree and high school sweetheart Ladonna, Rilla lives up to his brother Kennys dreams, and finally leaves the street life behind. 