 Don't Think Twice (2016)Summaries When a member of a popular New York City improv troupe gets a huge break, the rest of the group - all best friends - start to realize that not everyone is going to make it after all. Jack (Keegan Michael Key) and his girlfriend Samantha (Gillian Jacobs) are a perfect couple who are also Teammates on a popular improv group that perform at a struggling comedy spot in NYC. Together, the team has a family like bond but individually they have their personal dreams of being on the weekly television show "This Weekend Live". inhollywoodtv The Commune is a New York based improv troupe comprised of Allison, Bill, Jack, Lindsay, Miles and Samantha. With the exception of Lindsay who comes from a wealthy family, the others have to work largely menial jobs to make ends meet, which they are willing to do to be part of the troupe, improv which they love. Miles, who teaches improv classes, is the de facto spiritual leader as that teacher, Jack his former pupil. And beyond all being friends who support each other (on the most part) in the code of improv, Jack and Sam have become boyfriend/girlfriend, they meeting when Sam joined the troupe. In addition to a personal one to Bill, they hit two collective crises at the same time. The first, which on the surface may be more problematic, is that the theater in which they perform has been sold, meaning that they will have no performance venue in one month's time, with no obvious affordable alternative, which may be their deathnell. The second, which is outwardly a momentous occasion but which could be more problematic, is that while two of them had scheduled auditions, one of the six is offered a performing/writing position on "Weekend Live", a nationally televised and successful sketch comedy show. These two items in combination lead to uncertain futures for all six, the five who may want to ride on the coattails of the chosen one, while that one will find that written sketch comedy is a slightly different beast in which he is the freshman who has to prove himself, especially to Tim, the hard nosed show-runner. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 