 Kiki, Love to Love (2016)44) Under Madrid's scorching summer sun, ordinary couples with real passion and the unquenchable desire to love and be loved, share the same irrepressible urge to investigate their own sexuality through five intertwined stories. Through five stories, the movie addresses sex and love: Paco and Ana are a marriage looking for reactivate the passion of their sexual relations, long time unsatisfied; Jose Luis tries to recover the affections of his wife Paloma, sit down on a wheelchair after an accident which has limited her mobility; M Candelaria and Antonio are a marriage trying by all way to be parents, but she has the trouble that no get an orgasm when make love with him; lex try to satisfy Natalia's fantasies, while she starts to doubt if he finally will ask her in marriage; and finally, Sandra is a single woman in a permanent searching for a man to fall in love. All them love, fear, live and explore their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness. Chockys Under Madrid's scorching summer sun, ordinary couples with real passion and the unquenchable desire to love and be loved, share the same irrepressible urge to investigate their own sexuality and explore its very source through five intertwined stories. In other words, the couples determined to part with the social or self-imposed restrictions, will attempt to shed all inhibitions and delve deep into their well-hidden desires, sexual fantasies or rather, fetishes, even if this means they will have to deal with unheard, rather unusual, and above all, hard to pronounce philias. After all, if there is wood, a spark and a will, the flame will start burning again. Nick Riganas In present day Madrid, against a scorching summer heatwave, five tales of love and lust unfold, in this Spanish remake of the 2014 Australian comedy The Little Death. Each character loves fears, lives and explores their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 