 Baadshaho (2017)431) An Indian queen asks her bodyguard to steal back gold taken from her by the Indian government during The Emergency period in 1975. Baadshaho is inspired by real-life events during the Emergency and revolves around stolen gold, a thief (Ajay Devgn), an army officer (Vidyut Jammwal), a character inspired by Maharani Gayatri Devi. Maharani Gitanjali Devi (Ileana D'Cruz) from one of the Rajasthan's Princely States has already lost her privy purse. The story revolves around a group of thugs who decide to loot the gold confiscated from Rani Gitanjali, and being transported to Delhi by road. Khalid During emergency period of 1975 Maharani Gitanjali Devi is held captive in prison for possession of illegal wealth.The wealth is further to be transferred to Delhi from Rajasthan in the guidance of military officer Seher Singh.Sanjeev a powerful politician and rival of Gitanjali is eyeing the wealth.Gitanjali meets her former bodyguard Bhawani Singh and asks him to rob the wealth mid way before it reaches the government.Bhawani along with Sanjana secretary of Gitanjali and his two aides Dalia and Guruji plan the whole robbery. But the day before the robbery could take place all four are found to be suspicious and held in prison. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Maharani Gitanjali (Ileana D'Cruz) is a princess to a royal family in Rajasthan. As every royal family has loads of gold to themselves, so does this royal family, but her ancestors did not hand it over to the government of the country even after the ancestral reign was over. In 1975, the then Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi declared the state of emergency in the country. Around the same time, Sanjeev (Priyanshu Chatterjee), an influential person in the Congress government, has been snubbed badly by Gitanjali. To seek revenge, Sanjeev asks army officer Colonel Rudra Pratap Singh (Denzil Smith) to confiscate all the gold in Gitanjali's possession and to put her behind bars. Rudra follows Sanjeev's instructions and imprisons Gitanjali after forcibly taking possession of the gold rightfully belonging to the government but still held by her. Rudra asks his trusted lieutenants, Major Seher Singh (Vidyut Jammwal) and Captain Somesh to transfer all the gold to Delhi safely to the government and for that, he gives Seher Singh a custom-made truck with a powerful safe in it, in which he keeps all the confiscated gold. As Rudra and Seher Singh are discussing, Sanjana (Esha Gupta), Gitanjali's trusted aide, is sent by her to eavesdrop their conversation and get a whiff of their plan. Gitanjali then plans an entire scheme and wants Sanjana to accompany Bhawani Singh (Ajay Devgn) in getting all the gold back and eventually release her from the jail. Gitanjali briefs Bhawani Singh, her trusted lieutenant, about the gold and how she needs it all back to look after the people in her village. The loyal Bhawani Singh promises to retrieve the gold and return the same to Gitanjali with whom he shares a romantic relationship. Bhawani Singh with the support of Daliya (Emraan Hashmi) and Guruji (Sanjay Mishra), besides Sanjana, of course, chalk out an entire plan and seek out on a mission. In one scene where the males are arrested, Sanjana is made to strip off her bra and they get released. The four follow the truck in which Seher Singh and his deputy, Somesh (Arjun Dwivedi), are carrying the gold to the Delhi. The group of four, at one point in the journey, takes control of the truck after throwing out Seher Singh and Somesh. The job now is to open the strong safe, something at which Guruji is adept. Meanwhile, Seher Singh, boss Rudra Pratap Singh and other army and police officers are hot on the trail of Bhawani Singh and the truck. At one point, the army officers seek the help of police officer Durjan (Sharad Kelkar) but Bhawani Singh and his team members outwit him too. But before Bhawani Singh can return the gold to Gitanjali Devi, a very shocking revelation is unveiled in front of him, that Gitanjali used him for her personal pleasure and motives. Bhawani reveals that he already knew dark truth about Gitanjali and his team decided to distribute gold among poor people. As war breaks between Seher and Bhawani's team, in the end Gitanjali escapes alone and Bhawani escapes with his team safely despite of getting injured. 