 2.0 (2018)541) After mobiles start mysteriously flying out of the hands of people in Chennai, Dr Vaseegaran summons his trusted robot Chitti to ward off the bird-shaped supernatural powers of Pakshirajan. 8 years after Chitti was dismantled due to destruction he caused. Vaseegaran has created new human robot Nila which can understand human feelings better. The cell phones in the city start to disappear from everywhere. A creature in the form of bird creates havoc in the city causing destruction. Vaseegaran believes it to be the fifth element force and decides to get Chitti back in action. When Vaseegaran traces the location of missing cellphones with help of Chitti and Nila he finds that its not the fifth force but a human force done by late professor Pakshi Rajan. alex.mjacko@gmail.com When mobile phones start mysteriously flying out of the hands of people in Chennai, Dr Vaseegaran and his android assistant Nila are called in for help. The city is under a threat from the supernatural powers of Pakshirajan, a deadly winged monster seeking revenge on mankind for harming birds with mobile radiation. Dr. Vaseegaran is forced to reassemble his robot 2.0, the upgraded version of Chitti to fight against Pakshirajan and save the world. Santhosh Eight years since Chitti's disassemble, a distraught man commits suicide at a cell tower surrounded by gray skies and dying birds. The next day, several possessed cellular devices take to the skies with a hive like behavior, controlled by an entity not seen before. Dr. Vaseegaran, a reactivated Chitti, and robotic assistant Nila take it upon themselves to find out what the hostile spirit wants and how to put a stop to him. Almultimavenger Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It has been eight years since the events of the first movie, Enthiran, in which Chitti is disassembled after his corruption. His creator, scientist Dr. Vaseegaran builds a female android named Nila (Nice Intelligent, Lovely Assistant) and shows her to a group of college students. Shortly after the presentation, one of the college student's cell phone starts to hover in midair, throwing him off his bike. When he tries to grab it, it displays a sparrow on the screen and takes flight into the upper atmosphere. The city of Chennai is thrown into chaos as each and every mobile device in it abruptly flies into the sky. A scientific council led by Home Minister S. Vijay Kumar discusses the nature of the phenomenon. Despite suggestions from the council, Vaseegaran finds it hard to believe the cause is another nation's technology nor alien forces. He explains that the phones are restricted to Chennai and have not crossed the troposphere. A phone company minister at the police station confirms that all the phones are switched off at once, the mass behaving like a hive. Phone retail store owner Jayanth Kumar is seen driving home with an enormous swarm of sentient phones following him. Before he goes to sleep he's interrupted by an audio of his employee telling him that the new shipment of phones they ordered after the chaos has arrived, in his household. The phone swarm reveals itself and traps Kumar in the room, displaying birds on their screens and enter his body, causing him to explode. Police arrive at his house the next day thoroughly confused by the nature of his death as there are no signs of human struggle. Nila and Vaseegaran find scattered minerals and electronic parts of mobile phones. It's revealed that hours before Kumar's murder, his shipment of phones were driven to the rest of the swarm and disappeared. Vaseegaran calls his girlfriend Sana to bait his phone to the rest of the swarm. Him and Nila follow the phone and track it's electromagnetic trail to a small village. They find the swarm active, which manifests as a giant bird's talon. Nila saves Vaseegaran from being killed and the swarm departs. At the council Vaseegaran heavily recommends reactivating his creation, Chitti, to combat the new threat. A member of the council, Dhinendra Bohra,strongly goes against Vaseegaran's plan and explains the destruction Chitti caused eight years prior when he was reprogrammed by his father, whom Chitti murdered. S. Vijay Kumar vetos the plan and decides to have military protection at cell shops and towers. Dhinendra blames Vaseegaran for his father's death and makes it clear that he won't forget. Telecom company owner Manoj Lula is angered at the situation impeding his buisness and complains to telecom minister Vaira Moorthy about it. Lula drives home but the swarm crashes his car and chases him into the forest, where it crushes him to death. The phones shape into a giant bird of prey and take flight. Moorthy is paranoid the next day and has military aid protecting his house. The swarm of phones assault the military at a cell phone tower construction zone and destroy all vehicles and structures. Not long after, Moorthy's phone breaks into the house and inserts itself into his body. Moorthy is admitted into the hospital and Vijay Kumar comes to see him. Moorthy is killed and his phone ruptures through his skin and escapes. A terrified Kumar calls up Vaseegaran and tells him to rebuild Chitti immediatly. It's revealed that Vaseegaran has already retrieved Chitti's old body from a technology museum and is upgrading him with new powers and abilities. Kumar explains that he will hold responsibility for Chitti's actions. The bird attacks the city the following day and dodges the military's defense. A newly built, stronger and faster Chitti battles the bird and leads it outside of town while driving an armored truck. He triggers an explosion when the bird eats the truck and destroys it. The phones now reform into a smaller bird and proceed to attack Chitti, who's low on battery. He crawls to the space station's generator and recharges, but the bird can't enter through the satellite antennae of the station and becomes shocked back. The bird retreats and Chitti shows Vaseegaran the data later. Chitti deduces the nature of the entity to be an aura, specifically a collected mass of negatively charged electrons. Chitti explains that the aura of a living animal will be positively charged and a deceased being will be negatively charged. A scientist at the space station states that they send positive charged signals to search for extraterrestrial life, meaning that the negative charged bird was incapable of entering the stream. Vaseegaran builds a photon synthesizer that emits positive signals at the target, hoping it will contain the entity. Upon analyzing footage of the attack, Vaseegaran sees that a human face shows up on the bird. Nila gives Vaseegaran information on all unusual cell phone related deaths that occurred recently. It turns out that a day before the phones developed this behavior, a man committed suicide just the day before at a cell tower. Vaseegaran, Nila, and Chitti drive the A.I.R.D bus carrying the synthesizer to the village where the phones rest. The bird comes to life and tries to destroy the machine, but Chitti guards it and the majority of the aura is contained in the device. The partially destroyed bird manifests as an egg and hatches into a humanoid figure. Vaseegaran recognizes him as the deceased ornithologist Pakshi Rajan. Chitti tries to convince him to stop attacking, but Pakshi refuses and tries to destroy the machine. Chitti asks why he's doing all this and what Pakshi has against humanity. Pakshi takes him to a dilapidated house, in which a flashback reveals that it was his home and sanctuary for a number of birds he cared for. He tells his student about how a sparrow revived him when he was born still, and since then he has been passionate for birds his whole life. But most recently, since the popularity of modern mobile phones the population of birds in India have been in decline. Pakshi recognizes that radiation from mobile devices is messing with bird's abilities to navigate and think, driving many individuals to insanity and sickness. He holds seminars and protests regarding this but is quickly dismissed and mocked for his concern. He talks to Lula about this, who kicks him out of his office for wasting his time, holding importance to his business and money. Pakshi's own friends turn on him as the demand for cell phone usage removes their land for business when they're unable to farm, with the decline of bird populations leading to overpopulating insects eating too much crops. Over time, one by one all the birds in Pakshi's sanctuary and in the wild, even newborn chicks suffer trauma and pain before death. A heartbroken Pakshi talks to Moorthy and angrily accuses him of the events that have occurred, that there's no reason to hold the lives of birds below humanity when they're the reason for their society's existence. Moorthy retaliates stating that they follow their laws and uphold their business, despite Pakshi previously realizing that the companies have increased radiation standards illegally to increase profit and consumers. Pakshi files a court case but the companies turn their radiation down just before inspection and the case is denied. Pakshi becomes distraught and cries at his bird's graves. He becomes bitter and fantasized murdering every ignorant person who has killed the majority of birds through their hobbies. He becomes depressed and hangs himself at a phone tower. His spirit is awoken by the radiation emitted from the tower and absorbs the souls of all the deceased birds in the city, also absorbing their pain. His spirit transforms into a vengeful aura overwhelmed by grief and begins going on killing sprees against the public. After listening, Chitti sympathizes with Pakshi's pain but explains that killing all those people won't change anything. Pakshi states that the people are too ignorant and careless to understand how their usage of technology is destroying the nature around them. He vows to kill every human whom has contributed, but before he can escape Vaseegaran traps his soul in the neutralization device. Vaseegaran, Chitti, and Nila are applauded by the council for their heroic efforts and an issue is placed by Kumar that an army of 500 Chittis will be donated to the military to protect the nation. Dhinendra becomes jealous of Chitti's victory and breaks into Vaseegaran's lab to release Pakshi's spirit. Pakshi regains control over the phones and possesses Vaseegaran to prevent Chitti from thwarting him. Pakshi, now in his human form has superhuman strength and starts killing people in the city again. Chitti refrains from stopping his own creator and Pakshi dismembers him. Nila breaks into the police station and upgrades Chitti to his 2.0 evil alter ego who won't hesitate to kill Vaseegaran if he has too. Pakshi imprisons eighty thousand people at a soccer stadium and kills Dhinendra, who was present at the game by dousing him in radiation. Chitti breaks into the stadium and summons his army. He and Pakshi shapeshift and battle furiously, but when Chitti is depowered, Pakshi creates several bird drones to tear his army apart. Before he can destroy Chitti, a microbot of Chitti's creation named Kutti interrupts him. He and hundreds of Kuttis, mounted on doves threaten to hurt them if Pakshi doesn't stand down. They self destruct and destroy the drones. After Chitti shoots Vaseegaran, Pakshi leaves his body. The Kutti bots lead Pakshi to the space station and trap him in the signal streams, where Chitti overwhelms him with positive charge and destroys his aura. Vaseegaran recovers in the hospital and explains to a visiting Kumar that Pakshi's violence was wrong but his words were true, and that humanity had no right to bathe in the luxuries of the world at the cost of animal's lives. If they remain careless both nature and technology will turn on them like Pakshi has. Kumar puts forth an order to protect what remains of the bird populations and Chitti starts a relationship with Nila. In the end credits, Vaseegaran's phone transforms into a Kutti bot who enthusiastically greets him. 