 The Quiet One (2019)Summaries THE QUIET ONE offers a unique, never before revealed and behind-the-scenes look at the highs and lows of the life and career of Bill Wyman , former, founding member of the Rolling Stones and renaissance man of rock and roll. THE QUIET ONE offers a unique behind-the-scenes look at the highs and lows of the life and career of Bill Wyman, former founding member of the Rolling Stones and renaissance man of rock and roll. Against the odds Bill escaped a bleak future in post-war, working class London to find himself at the very centre of a musical and cultural revolution. As a Rolling Stone he embarked on record-breaking world tours, dealt with feuding band mates and befriended some of the world's most iconic musicians, actors, sportsmen and artists. Then, to people's amazement he walked away from it all to commit to a new family and to set about documenting and preserving the memory of the 'rock and roll revolution'. Since leaving the Stones Bill has toured the world with his all-star band the Rhythm Kings as well as exhibiting his renowned photography. A keen archaeologist, Bill acts as a historical consultant on film and documentary projects and has written nine books on a variety of subjects. Throughout his career Bill shot hours of unseen film footage, took thousands of photographs, collected a vast archive of memorabilia and kept a detailed diary of each and every single day. Watching this footage and hearing the stories is like going back in time and standing at Bill's shoulder, experiencing this privileged access at first hand. The film uses his huge archive as the catalyst for stories about Bill's experience of wartime poverty, his love of blues music, the rise of the Rolling Stones, the 1960s counter culture, exile in France, his 1970s super groups, 1980s excesses and his life's work documenting and preserving the memory of such an important period of cultural and musical history. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 