 The Heaven None Missed (2015)211) An architect and also a married man was forced to marry a depressed woman in order to save her life. This caused various conflicts within his marriage life start to happen. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arini feels marriage to Pras is an ideal marriage, the dream of every woman. They live happily with a daughter, Nadia. Arini stops her career as a comic illustrator and devotes herself as a wife and mother for the sake of her family. Arini remains calm when her friends are occupied with polygamy issue because she believed Pras is faithful man. Pras is faithful man, loyal and never consider polygamy as an option in his marital life. This thing called fate is truly amazing, Pras helps a woman who had a car accident, she is Meirose. It turn out because of frustration, Meirose crashed herself. She was deceived by a man who promised to marry her. Meirose lifes is saved but turns to comma state. Fortunately, Meiroses 7 months year old baby was born safely, his name is Akbar. Pras cant bear to left them alone. Beyond expectation, Meiroses health is slowly improving. Meirose felt no men in this world are good. She goes to roof top and attempts to suicide. Once again, Pras stops her. Later on, Meirose asks Pras to marry her. Meirose is very happy with her marriage with Pras. She is touched with Prass kindness. From that point, Pras is officially doing polygamy. Pras feels guilty toward Arini, on the contrary, Meirose loves Pras in and out. Pras tries to tell Arini about his polygamy. At the same time, Arinis father passed away and Pras is stunned to hear from Arinis mother that Arinis father did polygamy too. For the sake of Arinis happiness, her mother sealed this fact and buried it away from Arini. Arini discovers Prass polygamy. It hits Arini likes a punch to the gut. Arini feels devastated to face her worst nightmare. Arini has the hardest time admitting to herself that this is happening to her, because for years everything seems to be fine. What will happen with Pras and Arinis marriage? Who will stay next to Pras in this marriage problem? 