 The Salesman (2016)55) While both participating in a production of "Death of a Salesman," a teacher's wife is assaulted in her new home, which leaves him determined to find the perpetrator over his wife's traumatized objections. Forced to leave their collapsing house, Ranaa and Emad, an Iranian couple who happen to be performers rehearsing for Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman" rent a new apartment from one of their fellow performers. Unaware of the fact that the previous tenant had been a woman of ill repute having many clients, they settle down. By a nasty turn of events one of the clients pays a visit to the apartment one night while Ranaa is alone at home taking a bath and the aftermath turns the peaceful life of the couple upside down. Hossein sr Against the backdrop of the theatrical adaptation of Arthur Miller 's Death of a Salesman (1985) , Emad and Rana relocate to a small flat, after the forced evacuation of their apartment in a condemned building in Tehran. Then, when Emad decides to stay late for a rehearsal leaving Rana at home all alone, tragedy strikes. During the following two weeks, in the aftermath of that horrible night, the couple's faith and love, the very bond that keeps it all together, will be put to the test. Now, Rana's life is defined by fear, while Emad has to live with the unbearable burden of guilt, and of course, the theatrical play must go on at any cost. But, in the end, what does a monster look like? Above all, if revenge is only a human trait, what does it take to confront it? Nick Riganas In Tehran, married Emad and Rana Etesami are both theater actors, they who have the leads in their theater company's latest offering, "Death of a Salesman". Emad also teaches literature in a boys' school as a day job, he who is well liked by his students who know about his night job. Emad and Rana are not only forced immediately to evacuate their apartment building but move on the spur of the moment when the building in which they live shows signs of major structural damage. One of their acquaintances offers them a small apartment that he owns, the most recent tenant who has just moved out, but many of whose personal possessions still remain probably to be forever unclaimed. When Rana is alone at the new apartment, an incident occurs which is related to the old tenant: Rana buzzes into the building who she believes is Emad, only to find it is someone who was coming to see the previous tenant. What happens traumatizes Rana, who is injured in the process. She also never does see the person in question, but only knows that he too probably injured himself, most specifically cut his foot. Rana and Emad decide not to file a report with the police. However, the incident affects Rana's psyche which in turn affects how she relates to Emad as a man and husband. In turn, Emad becomes consumed with finding the man, whose flight from the scene includes he leaving his car keys in the apartment with his vehicle parked in the building's parking lot. Emad's focus on this matter leads to him not being able to sleep and affects his work life. The incident threatens to tear Rana and Emad's marriage apart, which may be further exacerbated if they have differing views on how best to handle the situation. Huggo After their flat becomes damaged, and Rana, a young couple living in Tehran, Iran, must move into another apartment. Once relocated, a sudden eruption of violence linked to the previous tenant of their new home dramatically changes their lives, creating a simmering tension between husband and wife. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 