 Back to Burgundy (2017)Summaries After a 10 year absence, Jean returns to his hometown when his father falls ill. Reuniting with his sister Juliette and his brother Jrmie, they have to re-build their relationship and trust as a family again. Three siblings reunite at their home in picturesque Burgundy to save the family vineyard in this tender tale of a new generation finding its own unique blend from acclaimed director Cdric Klapisch (L'Auberge Espagnole). Jean (Pio Marmai), the black sheep of the family, unexpectedly returns home from a decade abroad to reconnect with his hospitalized father. He's welcomed by his strong-willed sister, Juliette (Ana Girardot), who took over the reins of the vineyard after their father fell ill, and Jeremie (Francois Civil), the youngest of the three who has recently married into one of the region's more prestigious wine families. Their father passes shortly after Jean's return, leaving them with the estate and a looming inheritance tax of half a million dollars. As four seasons and two harvests go by, Jean, Juliette, and Jeremie have to learn to reinvent their relationship and trust in each other as they work to preserve the land that ties them together. Music Box Films As a Burgundy wine estate owner's illness reaches terminal stage, Jean returns home after ten years wandering, soon attending the funeral and facing the inheritance with his 'kid' brother Jrmie, who is stifled by his wife Alicia's parents Anselme and Chantal, and sister Juliette, who wants to modernize the wine making in her own style, keeping loyal cellar master Marcel on. Pondering options, given the heavy succession tax, like selling out at least a part, Jean remains two harvests, rebuilding siblings bonds and re-calibrating his bitter childhood memories, until Jean's Brazilian wife visits with their kid son to demand a decision whether he'll return to their Australian estate. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 