 Sami Blood (2016)Summaries A reindeer-breeding Smi girl who is exposed to the racism of the 1930's at her boarding school, starts dreaming of another life. But to achieve it, she has to become someone else and break all ties with her family and culture. In 1930s Lapland, the 14-year-old indigenous Smi girl, Elle Marja, leaves the wild ancestral grounds and the family's reindeer camp to attend a remote draconian boarding school along with her younger sister, Njenna. However--as the bright rural student pursues a denied education and an opportunity, desirous of integrating herself into the modern Swedish society--a painful visit by a team of anthropologists paired by a traumatic experience will be the harsh reminders of an ever-present brutal prejudice and a deep-seated racism. Uppsala promises a bright future in the bustling metropolis, but to pass as a regular Swedish teenager, Elle Marja will have to make a greater sacrifice than just changing her name. But, can an outcast sever ties and renounce his proud lineage so easily? Nick Riganas Along with her son Olle and granddaughter Sanna, elderly Christina returns to her Lapland homeland for the funeral of her next younger sister, Njenna. Attending the funeral is despite Christina long having put her Sami roots, when she was still known by her real Sami given name of Elle Marja, behind her. No longer being in touch with those roots means that Olle and Sanna are unfamiliar with all the Sami rituals that now surround them. In a moment of solitude, Christina can't help but remember back to a time in her youth in the 1930s when she and Njenna took a break from their duties in the family's business of raising reindeer to attend boarding school, one specifically to teach Sami children the ways of mainstream Sweden. She felt caught in the middle of Sami and Swedish life, where she, with all the visual trappings of being Sami, faced racism in many forms, and although the school outwardly was to integrate the Sami into Swedish life, they were not given any opportunities available to ethnic Swedes purely for being Sami. Complicating the situation was her coming of age and her first romance with a young man named Niklas, who did not know of her ethnic background in she becoming "Christina" in these non-Sami settings. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 