 Sairat (2016)44) In interior Maharashtra, a fisherman's son and a local politician's daughter fall in love against the restrictions of caste hierarchy. Sairat is a love story, as advertised. Aarchi , a rich upper class girl falls for her classmate Parshya , a poor but smart boy from the lower social strata. The magic happens, and they start seeing each other. Secretly at first, but they get bolder with passing time. The problem is that Aarchi is not just from the upper class, her father is a powerful politician, and her brother Prince is following in on his footsteps. The entire affair is a recipe for trouble, and as expected, trouble arrives. With the help of Parshya's friends, Baalya and Salya, they decide to make a run for it, but fate has other plans. jadhav-kishore Parshya son of a fisherman is madly in love with Archi a rich upper caste girl.They study in the same college.Archi to responds to Parshya's feelings.When Archi's family finds about their love Parshya and his friends are beaten badly by her brother Prince and pressure's's his family to leave the village.In order to protect Parshya from his family Archi flees away with him to another city to start a new life. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Archie a wealthy higher caste girl and daughter of politician while Parsha is the son of fishermen.Parsha is deeply in love with her and both study in same college where Parshya tries to woo her.They eventually fall in love knowing about their caste and social status.During the birthday celebration of Archie's brother Prince they are caught romancing each other where Parshya is beaten and his family is told to leave the village.Things go out of control and Archie elopes with Parshya to save his life they reach Hyderabad without knowing what destiny will have them further where they are helped by a local woman Suman and fate decides the rest of archie and parshya alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 