 Husband Material (2018)321) A love triangle between a spirited young woman, her outgoing boyfriend and a fiance who's husband material. Rumi and Vicky are love birds where Rumi convinces her parents to let her marry her love, while Vicky is commitment phobic. In comes Robbie, a much well-settled NRI who falls for Rumi. Whom will she decide to settle down with forms the rest of the film. Amit1716 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rumi (Taapsee Pannu) is a free-spirited, vivacious young woman who is in love with spontaneous and equally smitten Vicky (Vicky Kaushal), a young man waiting for his music break and a part-time DJ. One day they are caught red-handed by Rumi's family and pressure builds for them to get married. Strong headed and stubborn, Rumi promises her family that Vicky will come with his parents to ask for her hand in marriage and if he doesn't show up, she will marry whomever her family wants. However, nervous and immature, Vicky repeatedly gets cold feet and keeps avoiding Rumi's request to bring his parents over, causing her to be humiliated in front of her family. Eventually, she gives up on him and agrees to an arranged marriage with Robbie (Abhishek Bachchan), a banker. He is a mature and mild natured young man. He quickly realizes she already has a boyfriend named Vicky yet agrees to marriage. Rumi accepts the proposal but the night before the marriage Vicky shows up and begs her for one last chance. Rumi agrees to elope with him. She visits Robbie and declares she can't marry him after all. Robbie quietly reflects on what she has said and calls the local matchmaker to nudge Vicky's parents in convincing their son that marrying Rumi would be a mistake. Vicky's parents discourage him, and scared of commitment, Vicky tries to shake off their warnings and drive to Rumi's house. At the last moment, however, he reverses the car and backs off, crying all the way. A heart broken and numb Rumi is shown waiting for Vicky one last time. Robbie and Rumi get married the next day. She is distant and aloof during their honeymoon and secretly cries for the loss of her true love. Through out, Robbie is shown to be patient with her. When Rumi and Robbie consummate the marriage she spitefully informs Vicky via text, who in response sends her a video of himself with a new girl. Rumi who had slowly been getting comfortable with Robbie, abruptly declares she wants to go back home. Returning home she confronts Vicky and asked him to move on. With time, Rumi grows increasingly attached to Robbie. They bond over drinking whisky one night. Even when Vicky shows up to reveal to Robbie everything about his and Rumi's past, Rumi tells Robbie that she wants to stay with him not Vicky. Robbie asks her if she loves him. She replies matter of factly that she will grow to love him. He smiles and reminds her that she still has a choice and that she must remember, she can tell him anything that is in her heart. Despite assuring Robbie that she wants to remain with him, Rumi ends up sleeping with Vicky when she sees him next. Utterly confused and frustrated, not knowing what she wants, she doesn't know how she will face Robbie now. Later that night, she cries in Robbie's arms. He's rather confused but comforts her all the same. Everything shatters the day Robbie follows Rumi and ends up seeing her with Vicky. He overhears Vicky asking her, "Whom do you see when you make love to him?" Rumi is unable to answer this question, Robbie goes to a bar, heartbroken and ignores Rumi over the next two days. When confronted by Rumi he says that he heard everything. He concludes that their marriage was a sham and reminds Rumi that she had always had the choice and yet she lied to him and went behind his back. Robbie confesses that he loved Rumi through everything but she and Vicky deserve each other. The next day, Robbie apologizes to Rumi for his outburst but also files for an annulment. Rumi starts missing Robbie's presence despite now having Vicky back. Vicky finally comes to her house with his parents and talks of their future together. Dining out with his family, her sister calls and tells her that Robbie was here to deliver the rest of the things given to them in their marriage. Rumi hearing this news runs back to her house just to catch a glimpse of him but finds him gone by the time she reaches. Rumi realizes that she was in love with Robbie and that the love she had had for Vicky hadn't ever had the same depth. The day of her annulment, Rumi tells Vicky that they had been a great couple without being married but she didn't think they could be as great after marriage. She says that she had been lucky that he was her first love but she knew in her heart that he wasn't ready for marriage after all and asks him to let her go. Initially reluctant, Vicky eventually bids Rumi an emotional goodbye. Rumi meets Robbie in court. They both sign the papers despite hesitation on both ends. Robbie offers to walk Rumi back home. On the way, Rumi tells him that because her parents had died when she was very young, her whole family had spoilt her. She answers all the unanswered questions Robbie asked her before. Robbie tells her that despite knowing everything about her past, when he saw her picture, he really liked her. He mentions how he still does. Reaching their destination, they bid their goodbyes. Rumi asks him if he was still in Facebook or blocked her. Robbie smiles and asks her to send a friend request and he will accept. Rumi send him a friend request that instant and waits for his response. While walking back home, Robbie takes out his phone, opens her profile and sees that she has moved on from the "Vicky Phase" and changed her profile picture to one of her wedding photos. Seeing this, Robbie opens his arms and Rumi runs into them. She is finally at peace with her decision and knows where her heart truly lies. 