 Michael Ninn's Latex: The Game (1996 Video Game)Summaries Adult FMV adventure based on cult 1995 adult movie Latex. A neuropsychiatrist enters the mind of Malcolm Stevens, a psychiatric patient whose mind is a nightmarish cyberpunk city of lust that already consumed two of his previous doctors. Revolutionary de-molecular transportation technology that allows someone to be physically transported into the corridors of the mind of another person was developed by the military during the 21st century. Originally, this technology was meant to be used for mind control experiments, but a much more efficient use for it was found instead within the field of psychiatry. Psychiatrists could now use the process called physio-synaptic recombination to physically enter their patients' minds and see from the inside what's wrong. The use of this new technology was deemed perfectly safe. This changed with Malcolm Stevens. The strange case of this severely disturbed patient stunned the psychiatric profession. When his first doctor tried to enter his mind, she was never heard from again. Her colleague followed her and also disappeared. The player is the most brilliant neuro-psychiatrist in the world, who volunteers to enter the mind of Malcolm Stevens, find the missing colleagues and get to the bottom of the patient's psychosis. The procedure is successful, and the player materializes in the mind of Malcolm Stevens, a place resembling dystopian cyberpunk neo-noir nightmare, where only tyranny of lust rules. The game is a dreamlike adult surreal point and click full motion video adventure based on Michael Ninn's award-winning 1995 adult movie Latex. Most of the footage is from the film as well. The plot is very loose, so the atmosphere and the pornographic scenes take center stage. The player does not participate in these scenes. The gameplay mostly consists of walking around and clicking on various pornographic clips that are spread throughout the city. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 