 Life (I) (2017)761) A team of scientists aboard the International Space Station discover a rapidly evolving life form that caused extinction on Mars and now threatens all life on Earth. Six astronauts aboard the space station study a sample collected from Mars that could provide evidence for extraterrestrial life on the Red Planet. The crew determines that the sample contains a large, single-celled organism - the first example of life beyond Earth. But..things aren't always what they seem. As the crew begins to conduct research, and their methods end up having unintended consequences, the life form proves more intelligent than anyone ever expected. ElDiomedes Life tells the story of the six-member crew of the International Space Station that is on the cutting edge of one of the most important discoveries in human history: the first evidence of extraterrestrial life on Mars. As the crew begins to conduct research, their methods end up having unintended consequences and the life form proves more intelligent than anyone ever expected. Sony Pictures A crew aboard the International Space Station (ISS) performs a successful capture of a space probe returning from Mars with a sample inside. The crew is tasked with studying the sample, which may be the first proof of extraterrestrial life. However, the study eventually backfires as the organism gains intelligence. Trapped aboard the ISS with the rapidly-growing organism, the crew must find out how to kill it before it manages to escape and decimate Earth. purplelammashta In near future, a group of international scientists was sent from Earth to explore unknown Mars at International Space Station (ISS). They got a soil sample from Mars which contained a sleeping cell. After a series of attempts they woke up such cell and it was growing bigger day by day. During an experiment the living thing attacked scientists and escaped from the highly sealed laboratory through an internal air vent. Those horrified scientists, on the one side they needed to protect themselves from being killed by this deadliest creature, on the other side they needed to terminate it before it was too late. However, this smart alien would do anything to survive. Hongkonger In the near future, the unmanned Pilgrim 7 space probe returns from Mars to Earth orbit with soil samples potentially containing evidence of extraterrestrial life. The probe is captured and its samples retrieved by the International Space Station and its six-member crew. Exobiologist Hugh Derry, who is paralyzed from the waist down, revives a dormant cell from the sample, which quickly grows into a multi-celled organism that American school children name "Calvin". Hugh realizes that Calvin's cells can change their specialization, acting as muscle, sensor, and neuron cells all at once.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the near future, the unmanned Pilgrim 7 space probe returns from Mars to Earth orbit with soil samples potentially containing evidence of extraterrestrial life. The probe is intercepted by the International Space Station, whose six-member crew retrieves its samples. Exobiologist Hugh Derry revives a dormant cell from the sample, which quickly grows into a multi-celled organism that American school children name "Calvin." Derry realizes that Calvin's cells can change their specialization, acting as muscle, neuron, and photosensory cells all at once. When Derry conducts further research on Calvin, it crushes his hand and knocks him unconscious. Calvin escapes its enclosure and it devours a lab rat, growing in size. Engineer Rory Adams rescues Derry, but is quarantined in the lab when Calvin attacks him. Adams tries to fight off Calvin, but is devoured; Calvin escapes through a fire-control vent. Soon after, the station's communication system overheats, cutting off all contact with Earth. ISS commander Ekaterina Golovkina performs a space walk to find and fix the problem, which turns out to be Calvin. Calvin attacks her and ruptures her spacesuit's coolant system. As her suit fills with coolant, Golovkina blindly makes her way to the airlock. She and the crew realize that Calvin will re-enter the station if they let her in, so she chooses to stay outside and drowns in her spacesuit. Calvin attempts to re-enter the station through its maneuvering thrusters. The crew fire the thrusters to blast it away, but they drain so much fuel that it causes the ISS to enter a decaying orbit, where it will burn up in Earth's atmosphere. Pilot Sho Murakami suggests using the ISS's remaining fuel to get back into a safe orbit even though it will allow Calvin to re-enter. The crew seal themselves in one side of the station and prepare to vent the atmosphere from the other side to render Calvin dormant. Derry suddenly dies and the crew finds Calvin feeding on his leg and are attacked. Murakami seals himself inside a sleeping pod, while Calvin tries to break inside. Physician David Jordan and Quarantine Officer Miranda North use Derry's corpse as bait to lure Calvin away and trap it in the other side. They discover a Soyuz spacecraft is on its way to intercept an earlier distress call from the ISS. As the Soyuz pushes the ISS out of Earth's orbit, Murakami tries to board the craft, which results in the Soyuz crashing into the ISS, killing him and the Soyuz crew and causing the ISS's orbit to decay again. The remaining survivors, Jordan and North, speculate that Calvin could survive re-entry into Earth's atmosphere, so they plan to lure Calvin into one of the ISS' two escape pods. Once inside, Jordan will manually pilot Calvin's pod into deep space, isolating it and allowing North to return to Earth in the other pod. Their plan works apparently. However, North's pod is eventually hit by debris, while Jordan is attacked by Calvin. As North's pod flies in one direction, she records a black box message to warn Earth of Calvin's threat. Eventually, one of these two pods lands on the sea and is found by Vietnamese fishermen, while the other pod was knocked away from Earth. What the Vietnamese fishermen finds turns out to be Jordan's pod -- not North's. The Vietnamese fishermen then open Jordan's pod despite his warnings, as other boats are shown arriving at the scene, and North's pod is shown flying uncontrollably into deep space while she screams. 