 Mardaani 2 (2019)431) A 21-year old boy Sunny has a penchant for sexually assaulting and killing girls. He's locked horns with top cop Shivani Shivaji Roy. Will she nab him? A 21-year old boy named Sunny (Vishal Jethwa), comes to the city on a murder contract. But he also has a penchant for sexually assaulting and murdering young girls. When he locks horns with Shivani Shivaji Roy (Rani Mukerji), the newly appointed Chief of the city police, a thrilling cat and mouse hunt begins. Will Shivani manage to nab Sunny, or does she end up being one of his many victims? Official Source A tale of two extreme belief systems of modern India portayed thru the eyes of a policewoman and a contract killer. Latter being a mentally unstable but very creative, skillful and improviser, posing a great challenge for Mardaani (women like man). Watch to see how things unfold. aparsinghbataan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A 21-year old boy named Sunny (Vishal Jethwa), comes to the city on a murder contract given to him by the city's strongest political player. Sunny looks like any other innocent 21-year old, but there's more to him. He has a penchant for sexually assaulting and eventually murdering young girls. While at it, he locks horns with Shivani Shivaji Roy (Rani Mukerji), the newly appointed chief of the city police. Sunny's fascinated by her persona. That's when we come to know that he has a thing for strong, independent women. Shivani persists and manages to get a witness who can identify Sunny. But he manages to eliminate the witness, that too from right under Shivani's nose. This creates unrest in the city and leads to the transfer of Shivani from her position. But before her transfer could come into force, with her small team, she decides to take on Sunny and nab him within 48 hours. Bit by bit, Shivani tracks Sunny's hideout. In one particularly nerve-wracking pursuit, Shivani chases him down but he jumps into the Chambal river. An injured Shivani tries to catch him, but he escapes. From here begins a thrilling cat and mouse hunt between them. Sunny is all set with an escape plan out of the city as well. His plan includes abducting a female social worker who's about to stand for the next election and using her to negotiate his way out. Meanwhile, Shivani is hounded by the media, led by the well-known reporter Amit Sharma about her role in instigating the serial killer to go a killing spree in city. On one hand the partial media and on the other hand... only a few hours left to hunt a serial killer who's out to target more women. Will Shivani manage to nab Sunny, or does she too turn into one of his victims? 