 Brawl in Cell Block 99 (2017)761) A former boxer-turned-drug runner lands in a prison battleground after a deal gets deadly. Bradley Thomas is a hard working man. After his wife's extramarital affair they admit the spark isn't there anymore and decide to have a baby. After being fired from his job, he turns to his friend who hires him as a drug dealer. A trade goes bad and he ends up in prison, the only problem is that a gang has kidnapped his wife and they will do an experimental operation on the baby unless Thomas kills one of the inmates in cell block 99. Bradley will not stop at anything until his wife is safe again. Doc Sandoz A former boxer that loses his job that is fitting in society lands himself a job as drug smuggler. Series of events land him in prison and he is given ultimatum to right his wrong decisions all aspects of what he decide have their consequences only he can choose what he thinks is right or wrong and try to avenge his wrong choices. You never know what might be lurking in the next dark corner. A former boxer named Bradley loses his job as an auto mechanic, and his troubled marriage is about to end. At this crossroads in his life, he feels that he has no better option than to work for an old buddy as a drug courier. This improves his situation until the terrible day that he finds himself in a gunfight between a group of police officers and his own ruthless allies. When the smoke clears, Bradley is badly hurt and thrown in prison, where his enemies force him to commit acts of violence that turn the place into a savage battleground. AnonymousB At 6' 5" and with a prominent crucifix tattooed on the back of his well-shaven scalp, Bradley Thomas--the recovering alcoholic; laid-off tow truck driver, and a soon-to-be father desperate for cash--is a hulking beast one wouldn't want to mess with. Under those circumstances--when the bad decision of resuming his old and well-paying drug-pushing job eventually sends Bradley to prison for seven years--the heavily-indebted to the Mexican cartel inmate will have to face a wrathful ultimatum: Bradley must kill a prisoner to save his kidnapped wife. Now, as Bradley pummels and crushes his way through waves of both convicts and prison guards to get closer to his target, the resolution awaits in the ultimate confrontation inside the confined cell-block 99. However, has the condemned man what it takes to save what's left of his future? Nick Riganas When the tow truck driver and former boxer Bradley Thomas is fired from his job, he decides to work transporting drugs for his friend Gil to have a better life with his wife Lauren Thomas. Bradley is a family man and eighteen months later, Lauren is pregnant with a girl. Gil decides to associate with the drug dealer Eleazar against Bradley's will. When he goes to bring a shipment of drugs with two men from Eleazar's gang, they do not follow his instructions and they stumble upon the police. Bradley protects the police officers, killing one of the gangsters, and is arrested. Bradley does not rat Gil out and is sent to a medium-security prison for a seven-year sentence. Two days later, Bradley is visited by a mysterious man who tells him that Lauren has been kidnapped by Eleazar, who lost his shipment and two men in the operation. He tells Bradley that he must kill an inmate called Christopher Bridge, who is an inmate in Cell Block 99 of a maximum security prison. Otherwise, Lauren will be submitted to a surgery to remove the limbs of her baby that will be sent to him. What will Bradley do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Former boxer and drug mule Bradley Thomas is laid off from his job at an auto-repair shop. As he arrives home, he sees his wife, Lauren, sitting in her car talking to someone on her cellphone. Bradley approaches her and sees a love bite on her neck. Lauren confesses that she has been seeing somebody else. Bradley orders her inside the house before he violently dismantles her car with his bare hands. When calm, he enters the house to discuss with Lauren their failing relationship. Bradley decides to forgive Lauren and returns to work as a drug mule. Eighteen months later, Bradley and a now pregnant Lauren have relocated to a larger, more expensive home. Bradley's boss, Gil, introduces him to Eleazar, a new business associate, and gives him a new task. Bradley is to sail off the coast with two of Eleazar's men to pick up a package of crystal meth. Bradley does not trust the larger of the two men, Roman, but accepts the job when Gil offers him three months paternity leave. As they arrive at the pier, Bradley senses they are walking into a police trap and dumps his bag into the water. Bradley instructs the other two men to do the same, but they ignore his order and confront the police in a firefight, wounding three officers. After pausing and considering turning away, Bradley instead shoots both Eleazar's men in order to assist the police. The third drug trafficker dies in the shootout. Bradley is taken into custody and sentenced to seven years in a medium-security prison. During the night, Lauren is kidnapped by men under orders of Eleazar. On the second day of his incarceration, Bradley is visited by the Placid Man, who informs Bradley that he works for Eleazar. He tells Bradley that, unless Bradley assassinates an inmate named Christopher Bridge, located in Redleaf Correctional Facility, a separate maximum-security prison, the limbs of his unborn child will be surgically removed by an abortionist and sent to him. Bradley reluctantly accepts. Bradley picks a fight with multiple guards, until he is overpowered and transferred to Redleaf. There, he meets unforgiving Warden Tuggs. Bradley is put into a horrible cell, where the toilet is clogged with feces. Eventually, he is able to go outside for yard time. When a fellow inmate informs him that Christopher Bridge is not located in this section of the prison but in another section known as cell block 99, Bradley fights some other inmates and consequently is thrown into cell block 99. Warden Tuggs explains that cell block 99 is where he devises special punishments for society's most despised criminals. Bradley is forced to wear a stun belt that gives him electric shocks at a push of a button, as a punishment for the fight. His cell in block 99 is lined with broken glass and only contains a crude squat toilet hole. Bradley speaks to a man in an adjacent cell, who informs him that Christopher Bridge does not exist at all. During the night, a young brutal guard named Wilson escorts Bradley to another, larger cell in block 99, where Eleazar, Roman, and two other gangsters are located. The gang torture Bradley with the electric belt, and taunt him by threatening to call the abortionist. He is beaten and shocked so badly that he needs to be dragged back to the cell unconscious. Bradley devises a plan and tears the lining out of his shoes: he places the rubber between his body and the belt to prevent the shocks. This enables him to ambush Wilson and another guard; resulting in him killing Wilson. Bradley locks the second guard inside a cell. Bradley confronts Eleazar, and brutally kills all three henchmen in hand-to-hand combat. During the brawl, Eleazar calls the Placid Man and instructs him to activate the abortionist. Bradley first tortures Eleazar by breaking his leg, then calls the Placid Man to negotiate for Lauren's freedom. It is agreed that the Placid Man will deliver Lauren to Gil's house. Bradley drags Eleazar into his own cell, across the broken glass, to await confirmation of Lauren's freedom. Warden Tuggs and his men arrive at block 99, but Bradley threatens to kill his two hostages. Bradley states he is waiting for a phone call, and promises that he will surrender peacefully, exactly one minute after the call ends. The Placid Man and the abortionist follow Eleazar's instructions and drive Lauren unharmed to Gil's house. As they drive away, Gil retrieves a hidden assault rifle and kills the Placid Man. Lauren then takes the rifle and shoots the abortionist. Gil phones Bradley to inform him that his family is finally safe. Bradley speaks to Lauren for the last time, and shares a few words with their unborn child. Bradley destroys the cell phone, then reminds Warden Tuggs that he still has 60 seconds of freedom remaining. Bradley shoves Eleazar's face into the squat hole and stomps several times on his neck, decapitating Eleazar and leaving the head at the bottom of the toilet. Warden Tuggs and his men finally enter the cell. Warden Tuggs orders Bradley to turn around with his hands behind his head. Bradley says "78 days" and turns around to face Warden Tuggs and his guards. Bradley gives one last look at Tuggs, who then shoots Bradley twice, once in the chest and once in the head. The screen cuts to black on the third gunshot and Bradley's body hitting the floor is heard. 