 Mom (I) (2017)541) After her daughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free. Devaki is a biology teacher at the same school attended by her stepdaughter Arya. Although, Devaki is a caring mother, Arya remains distant. One unfortunate night, Arya is brutally attacked. When the justice system fails them, Devaki faces some tough decisions and goes to great lengths to find justice for her daughter. L. Hamre Devki Sabharwal a higher secondary school teacher lives with husband Anand, a younger daughter and step daughter Arya who does not go well with her.Mohit one of Devki's students sends an offensive video to Arya and Devki throws his phone out.During a valentine day outing when Arya hesitates to demand of Mohit and his cousin Charles they along with Baburam the watchman and drug peddler Jagan rape her brutally.Arya Is almost in coma but after her recovery she reveals the name of culprits but they are all set free due to lack of evidence.Devki decides to take matters in her hand and detective DK decides to help her by providing details of culprits.Devki plans her revenge with details given by DK but inspector Matthew Francis investigation the case gets suspicious on her. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Devki is a loving wife, and a mother of two beautiful daughters, she seemingly has a perfect happy family. Yet, somehow the true happiness of being a mother eludes her. Arya, a sensitive girl cannot accept Devki and her love wholeheartedly. Arya believes, a daughter comes into a mother's life, but a mother does not enter the life of a daughter. Devki patiently waits for Arya's love and acceptance as she believes only a mother can truly understand the silence of her child. An unfortunate incident, further distances Arya and Devki, to a point of no return. In such a situation a mother has to make a choice not between what is wrong or right but between what is wrong and very wrong. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Biology teacher Devki is vivacious and popular among her students. In a class, a student, Mohit sends Devki's stepdaughter, Arya a lewd video and Devki throws his phone out of the window. At home, despite Devki's persistent and warm approach toward her, Arya remains frosty and distant, rebuffing her attempts to build a relationship. Arya is invited to a Valentine's Day party at a farmhouse; Devki permits this with great hesitation. Arya rebuffs Mohit and his hotshot buddy Charles at the party. Incensed by this very public snub, Charles, Mohit, Jagan and the watchman Babu attack Arya when she leaves the party. They rape her and dump her in a drain. Devki and her husband Anand are shattered. Arya recovers and releases a statement naming her attackers. Inspector Matthew quickly rounds up the attackers. However, the case falls apart when Arya was found to be drinking, thus building the argument that her memory is unreliable. The body samples were recovered very late and were too weak to match the attackers. The judge acquits the four attackers due to lack of evidence. Her lawyer suggests appealing to a higher court but Devki has lost faith. Arya, still in shock and broken by the court verdict, tears away from Devki. In sorrow, Devki realizes she has probably lost Arya forever. Devki recalls the somewhat shady detective, DK, whom she'd met on the night Arya was raped. A father of a daughter himself, he understands her pain and agrees to help her as Devki wants to avenge Arya. The watchman is first. Devki seeks the help of her former students - transgender people who understand her plight. They seduce the watchman and drug him. He awakes four days later, still drunk, and finds, to his horror, that he has been castrated and remembers nothing. The hotshot Charles is next. Devki breaks into his home and mixes crushed apple seeds - a source of cyanide - into his fitness powder. Charles is paralyzed. When Mohit visits Charles at the hospital, Devki, tipped off by DK, plants apple seeds and other evidence at Mohit's home. Inspector Matthew quickly arrests Mohit; Charles will die soon and Mohit will be the murderer. As Devki takes down each of Arya's attackers, their situations make it on the news, which Arya follows with surprise. Matthew finds Devki's glasses in Mohit's apartment and starts suspecting her. Matthew confronts Devki but there is no evidence. He warns her that the fourth man, Jagan, is a hard criminal: going after him is dangerous for her family. Jagan visits Charles and learns that it is Devki who is retaliating. He goes after DK and discovers that Devki is on a holiday at a snow cottage in Kufri. He kills DK and goes after Devki. Matthew discovers a hidden camera in DK's sunglasses and hurries to save Devki. Jagan cuts power at the cottage and shoots Anand. There is a scuffle and Arya runs out into the snow. Jagan pursues her and Devki tries to save her. As Jagan is about to kill Devki, Matthew intercepts and tackles Jagan. There is a standoff: Devki points a gun at Jagan and Matthew attempts to talk her down by telling her that Anand is alive and in the hospital and if she shoots him, she'll go to jail. Arya, in the bushes, overhears Jagan when he angrily relates how Devki finished off the other attackers. Devki knows if Jagan is left alive he will come after her again. At this point, Matthew hands her his gun and urges her to kill him. Devki hesitates but when an overwhelmed Arya acknowledges Devki as 'Mom' for the first time, Devki shoots Jagan dead. 