 The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (2017 )541) A housewife in 1958 decides to become a stand-up comic. Set in 1950s Manhattan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel is a 60-minute dramedy that centers on Miriam "Midge" Maisel, a sunny, energetic, sharp, Jewish girl who had her life mapped out: go to college, find a husband, have kids, and throw the best Yom Kippur break-fasts in town. Soon enough, she finds herself exactly where she had hoped to be, living happily with her husband and two children in the Upper West Side. A woman of her time, Midge is a cheerleader wife to a man who dreams of a stand-up comedy career, but her perfect life is upended when her husband suddenly leaves her for another woman. Utterly unprepared, Midge is left with no choice but to reevaluate her life. When she accidentally stumbles onto the stage at a nightclub, she discovers her own comedic skills and decides to use this newfound talent to help her reinvent her life. The series follows the trajectory of Midge's journey as she pursues a career in the male-dominated, stand-up comedy profession, and transforms from uptown society matron to East Village club performer. kolnoaMograbi It's 1958 Manhattan and Miriam "Midge" Maisel has everything she's ever wanted: the perfect husband, kids, and an Upper West Side apartment. But when her life suddenly takes a turn and Midge must start over, she discovers a previously unknown talent, one that will take her all the way from the comedy clubs of Greenwich Village to a spot on Johnny Carson's couch. ahmetkozan It's the late 1950s and Miriam "Midge" Maisel has everything she has ever wanted -- the perfect husband, two kids and an elegant apartment on New York's Upper West Side. Her seemingly idyllic life takes a surprising turn when she discovers a hidden talent she didn't previously know she had -- stand-up comedy. This revelation changes her life forever as she begins a journey that takes her from her comfortable life on the Upper West Side through the cafes and nightclubs of Greenwich Village as she makes her way through the city's comedy industry on a path that could ultimately lead her to a spot on the "Tonight Show" couch. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1958, Miriam "Midge" Maisel is a young, upper middle-class Jewish housewife living on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Her husband of four years, Joel, a businessman working at a plastics company, moonlights as a comedian at The Gaslight Cafe, using other comics' material. After one particularly mediocre performance, Joel leaves Midge for his secretary. Midge drunkenly goes back to The Gaslight where she delivers an impromptu set, confessing her predicament to the audience. While her bawdy, biting, and brilliant delivery enthralls the audience, she gets arrested after baring her breasts. Midge meets comic Lenny Bruce, who has also been arrested for obscenity in his act. Midge is bailed out of jail, and she, in turn, bails out Bruce. Inspired to be a comedian herself, she teams up with The Gaslight employee Susie Myerson, who becomes her manager. After Midge and her two children move in with her parents, Rose and Abe, she lands a job in the cosmetics department at B. Altman, a high-end department store. In addition to an income, the job provides material for Midge's act. Midge visits New York clubs to study other comedians. She meets top comedienne, Sophie Lennon, who is completely unlike her frumpy, on-stage character. Sophie advises Midge to develop her own stage persona, but Midge prefers performing as herself. After Midge disparagingly reveals in her act that Sophie is actually a wealthy, snobbish socialite, she soon finds herself blacklisted from every club in the city. However, with Susie and Lenny's help, Midge performs again and proves she has what it takes be a professional comic. Joel secretly watches her act, and, dejected, realizes she is truly talented. After trying out numerous stage names, Midge settles on calling herself, "Mrs. Maisel". Rose moves to Paris after her New York social life falls apart. After having been oblivious to her departure for quite sometime, Midge and Abe travel there to persuade her to return home. Back in New York, Susie is abducted by two thugs working for Sophie Lennon's manager, who end up befriending her. They release her with the cautionary remark that others may come looking for her. After a period of enjoying life in Paris with and without Abe, Rose agrees to come home after Abe promises to be more like his vacation self and arranges for her to audit art classes at Columbia University, where he is a tenured mathematics professor. The family goes on their annual vacation at a Catskill Mountains resort. Susie, upset that Midge will be gone for two months, goes to the resort, and, pretending to be a staff person, works on booking gigs in the area. She books Midge at a large hotel where she gives a sexually-charged performance, during which she spots Abe in the audience. While at the resort, Midge meets Benjamin Ettenberg, a successful New York doctor whom she soon begins dating. With Abe the only family member knowing about her side-career, Midge continues performing. She wants to skip an important gig that Susie has booked because it is on Yom Kippur. When Susie insists that Midge perform, Abe says it is time to tell the family. Midge and Susie embark on a short comedy tour at various clubs outside of New York. Susie books Midge for a spot on a telethon, where Midge meets a famous singer, Shy Baldwin, but learns that Sophie Lennon controls the show. Still angry over Midge's having exposed her real identity, Sophie gets her bumped to the telethon's late-night end slot. Emboldened by knowing that fewer viewers are watching, Midge's all-out performance is a hit, and the phones light up with last-minute donations. Her performance prompts Baldwin to ask her to be his opening act on his six-month tour throughout the United States and Europe, which Midge immediately accepts. Meanwhile, Sophie, after Susie threatened her for her scheme against Midge and tired of her act, asks Susie to become her manager, saying she wants a manager who will fight for her like Susie does for Midge. Abe considers leaving both Bell Labs and Columbia University, fed up with their interference in his personal life. Benjamin proposes to Midge, despite her still being married to Joel. After watching Lenny Bruce's act about being alone, Midge ponders the personal cost of a full-time career. 