 Starhunter Redux (2017 )211) The story of the 44 episodes of Starhunter is revealed in 'Starhunter, Creator's Cut' as originally intended by the show Creators. Censored scenes restored, bold ideas returned, episodes re-edited to match original scripts, never seen before material, as Creators Dan D'or and Phil Jackson wanted, but were blocked the first time around. Gregg Larson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Starhunter REDUX tells the story of a dysfunctional family of bounty hunters pursuing criminals on the off-world colonies of Earth 300 years into the future. The rule of law has broken down on this new frontier, leaving justice to dangerous men and women who offer their services for hire. Starhunter REDUX follows Dante Montana (Michael Pare) and his niece Percy (Tanya Allen) and their crew as they hunt criminals in deep space while searching for Dante's lost son (Clive Robertson) taken by outlaws long ago. Often tormented by their pasts, the crew, including Claudette Roche as Lucretia Scott, struggles as the universe changes around them in bewildering ways. It's a time when humans have spread across the solar system, colonizing planets and building new worlds. Rule of law has broken down on this new frontier, leaving justice in the hands of dangerous men and women who offer their services for hire. The series follows bounty hunter Dante Montana and his crew, who hunt criminals in deep space while searching for Dante's lost son who was taken by a clan of outlaws years ago. The crew also struggle with their tormented pasts as the universe changes around them in ways yet to be understood. Starhunter: REDUX is an updated, re-cut and re-scored 44 episodes of the hit cult classic science fiction series. It presents a creatively different edition of the series closer to the creators' original vision. It is also the precursor of the anticipated Starhunter Season III. The original two seasons of Starhunter aired in Canada on Space: The Imagination Station and The Movie Network: Season 1 in 2000; Season 2 in 2003. Starhunter REDUX is not yet available in Canada. New episodes of Starhunter REDUX will premiere every Tuesday at 8PM ET only on the El Rey Network. 