 The Whiskey Bandit (2017)Summaries A rootless young man in Ceausescu's Romania crosses the Hungarian border looking for a better future. With his back against the wall in the post-socialist turmoil, he becomes the most successful bank robber in Hungarian history. A tough guy turned star. He did something others wouldn't dare. Always one step ahead of the cops and always downed a whiskey before robbing a bank. Growing up in a broken home Attila (Bence Szalay) was a troubled teenager, even spent time in a youth prison. Through a rather bizarre turn of events he escaped to Hungary from Transylvania. But his new life turned out to be much harder than the old one. He was the goal-keeper on a hockey team, but still had no money, no girlfriend; but then he found something that he's really good at. He was reckless, fast and meticulous. He started robbing post offices, banks, travel offices. The more he stole, the hungrier he got. Nothing was enough for himself and his new love (Piroska Mga). But his final job didn't go as planned and the determined investigator, (Zoltn Schneider) who's long been on his tail finally caught him and made him face the consequences. But the cop-robber game is far from over. A story of a fascinating life, full of amazing pursuits, action scenes - told through the lense of legendary director of Kontroll and Predators, Nimrd Antal. InterCom Attila Ambrus was a legendary Hungarian bank robber in the nineties. A Transylvanian, Ambrus grew up in Ceausescu's Romania and the hopeless situation there made him later flee over the border in search of a better future. But even as an adult, many of his childhood problems continued - only now in Hungary. Soon confronted with the fact that you only "matter" if you have money, Ambrus realised he needed money. A lot of money. He became the so called Whiskey Bandit .He never wanted to be a hero - the media turned him into one. His celebrity reached its peak when he escaped from prison. The whole country was rooting for him. Here was someone who was able to make a laughing stock of authorities It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 