 Victoria & Abdul (2017)541) Queen Victoria strikes up an unlikely friendship with a young Indian clerk named Abdul Karim. Abdul Karim (Ali Fazal) arrives from India to participate in Queen Victoria's (Dame Judi Dench's) golden jubilee. The young clerk is surprised to find favor with the Queen. As Victoria questions the constrictions of her long-held position, the two forge an unlikely and devoted alliance that her household and inner circle try to destroy. As their friendship deepens, the Queen begins to see a changing world through new eyes, joyfully reclaiming her humanity. Abdul Karim (Ali Fazal), a young prison clerk from Agra, British Raj, is instructed to travel to England for Queen Victoria's (Dame Judi Dench's) Golden Jubilee in 1887 to present her with a Mohur, a gold coin which has been minted as a token of appreciation from British-ruled India. The Queen, who is lonely and tired of her fawning courtiers, develops an interest in and later a friendship with Abdul. She spends time with him alone, and promotes him to become her Munshi. She asks him to teach her Urdu and the Qur'an. When Victoria discovers that he is married, she invites his wife and mother-in-law to join him in England. They arrive wearing black Burqas, to the consternation of the household. While Victoria treats Abdul as a son, his preferment is resented by her household and inner circle, including her son Bertie, Prince of Wales (Eddie Izzard) and Prime Minister Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, The Marquess of Salisbury (Sir Michael Gambon). 1887. The Indian authorities have assigned two civil servants, Abdul Karim and Mohammed, to travel to England to be an integral part of the Indian's official gift presentation to Queen Victoria, the Empress of India, for her Golden Jubilee, they chosen not for their positions within the civil service - Abdul a prison clerk - but specifically for Abdul a certain physical attribute. While Mohammed wants to get in and out of England as quickly as possible in not liking anything about English culture including the monarchy, Abdul wants to cherish the moment to make it special for the Queen. The Queen is at a phase of being dissatisfied with her life: she has been without Prince Albert, her only love, for thirty years now, she dislikes all that her children have become, including Bertie, first in line to the throne, and she has tired of the conventions of her life, especially in being surrounded by people who treat her as queen, largely for their own benefit and standing, and not a person. In Abdul breaking with protocol during the actual presentation, however small but in a way the Queen does notice, the Queen befriends him in he reigniting interest in life for her, mostly about the Indian subcontinent and its culture, to the point of appointing him in the trusted role of her personal "munchi": teacher. While the Queen and Abdul's relationship is not always a harmonious one, especially in Abdul sometimes shielding her from the truth in his belief it the best for her, the situation between them is made all the more difficult by the Queen's advisers, including Prime Minister, Lord Salisbury, being in revolt in Abdul not only being Indian and inherently a servant, but Muslim. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The year is 1887, the 50th year of Queen Victoria's reign. For her Golden Jubilee celebration, two random Indian Muslim subjects are chosen to travel to England and present the Queen (Dame Judi Dench) with a Mohur, a Mughal commemorative coin. The plan is to have the liveried Indians quickly present the coin to Victoria at a Windsor Castle banquet and quickly depart for India, but the plans go horribly awry when Abdul Karim (Ali Faizal), the taller and handsomer of the two men, catches the Queen's attention. She requests that the two Indians stay on as footmen for the remainder of the Jubilee. A few weeks turns into 14 years as Abdul Karim becomes one of Victoria's favorite and most trusted confidants. He gradually introduces the lonely and jaded Queen to India, its customs and cuisines, and its social problems under British rule. He also teaches the curious monarch to read and write in Urdu. In doing so, he attracts the jealousy and hatred of the Royal Household, particularly Prince Edward, nicknamed Bertie (Eddie Izzard), Victoria's dissolute and idle son and heir to the throne. Individually and collectively, the household conspires against Karim, but Victoria is steadfast and obstinate in the face of their antagonism. Karim frequently accompanies the Queen on her journeys to Osborne House, Balmoral Castle, Florence, and the French Riviera. Upon Victoria's death in 1901, Albert's vengeance is swift and merciless. The heartbroken and grieving Abdul Karim is summarily evicted from his royal cottage along with his wife and family. He is is put aboard a ship and sent back to India, never to return. All correspondence between Victoria and Abdul is burned along with anything else that hints of an intimate relationship between Victoria and Abdul. The relationship remained a little-known curiosity until the release of the movie in 2017. 