 Greyhound (2020)651) Several months after the U.S. entry into World War II, an inexperienced U.S. Navy commander must lead an Allied convoy being stalked by a German submarine wolf pack. Based upon the novel "The Good Shepherd" by C S Forester, this is the thrilling story of an Allied convoy crossing the North Atlantic in 1942 as it faces relentless attack by a German submarine wolf pack. The leader of the convoy's destroyer screen is a US Navy commander making his first Atlantic crossing. The story focuses on his command responsibility as he fights the cold, the relentless night, the brutal sea, and his deep fatigue as he chases down the attacking submarines in the deadly game of cat and mouse. The exciting story, a thrilling ride-along with the beleaguered captain, so deeply portrays the elements of battle command that for a long period of time the book was used as a text at the US Naval Academy. Nlappos A first-time captain leads the escort contingent of a convoy of Allied ships carrying thousands of soldiers and tons of supplies across the treacherous waters of the "Black Pit" to Great Britain. With no air cover protection for four days, the commander and his convoy must battle the surrounding enemy submarines in order to help the Allies win the war. yusufpiskin February 1942. The destroyer USS Greyhound, captained by Commander Krause, is the leader of the escort of a large Atlantic convoy. For 50 hours they will have no air cover, making them vulnerable to U-Boat attack. A few hours in their worst fears are realised: the convoy has been targeted by a U-Boat wolfpack. grantss During the early days of U.S. involvement in World War II, an international convoy of 37 multinational Allied merchant ships, crammed with goods and provisions, crossed the freezing waters of the Atlantic Ocean while being chased by stealthy German U-boats. Commander-in-Chief Ernest Krause, a career officer and captain of the Fletcher-class destroyer USS Keeling, code-named Greyhound, is assigned to lead the vulnerable Allied convoy across the dangerous Mid-Atlantic gap known as the "Black Pit". But, to bring the ships to safe waters, Krause, making his first Atlantic crossing, will have to face his inner demons and doubts in what would come to be known as the most prolonged and most complex military campaign in the Naval history of World War II: The Battle of the Atlantic. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the Battle of the Atlantic, convoy HX-25, consisting of 37 Allied ships, is making its way to Liverpool. The convoy's escort consists of the Fletcher-class destroyer USS Keeling, radio call sign "Greyhound", captained by Commander Ernest Krause (Tom Hanks) of the United States Navy; the British Tribal-class destroyer HMS James, call sign "Harry"; the Polish Grom-class destroyer ORP Viktor (with a Royal Navy liaison officer on the radio), call sign "Eagle"; and the Canadian Flower-class corvette, HMCS Dodge, call sign "Dicky". Krause is serving as overall commander of the escort ships, but despite his seniority and extensive naval education, it is his first wartime command. The convoy enters the "Black Pit" - the Mid-Atlantic gap where they will be out of range of protective air cover. While they are still three days away from the resumption of air cover, high-frequency direction finding from the convoy flagship results in the interception of several German transmissions, indicating the presence of U-boats. Greyhound's radar operator identifies a surfaced sub heading towards the convoy. Greyhound moves away from the convoy to intercept it based on its bearing and gets the U-boat within firing range, but the heavy seas allow the U-boat to dive before Greyhound can get a visual. After sonar contact is re-established, the submarine tries to slip under Greyhound, but Krause maneuvers his ship above the U-boat and fires a full pattern of depth charges, resulting in his first kill. The crew's jubilation is cut short as they soon receive reports of distress rockets at the rear of the convoy. A Greek merchant ship was attacked by another U-boat and is quickly sinking. Krause moves Greyhound to assist, evading torpedoes fired at his ship with careful maneuvering. The surviving Greek sailors are rescued, and Greyhound returns to the convoy just as the bridge receives multiple messages from the other escorts: a wolf-pack consisting of six U-boats is staying just out of firing range of the convoy; Krause suspects they are waiting for nightfall, when the escorts will have no visibility. The attack commences that evening with five merchant ships being torpedoed and sunk. One U-boat torpedoes an oil tanker and escapes Greyhound by using an underwater decoy, tricking the crew into wasting most of their remaining depth charges. Krause chooses to rescue survivors from the burning oil tanker rather than go to the aid of the other ships first, a decision he comes to regret. The next day, the wolf pack targets Greyhound. The captain of the lead submarine, call-sign "Grey Wolf", taunts the convoy and its escorts via radio transmission, threatening to sink them all. Krause learns that Greyhound is down to six depth charges, leaving it with no effective response to an underwater attack. The U-boats launch multiple torpedo runs, which Greyhound is barely able to evade. Greyhound and Dicky combine to sink one of the U-boats in an exchange of surface broadsides. Dicky receives minor damage due to the close range of the engagement and Greyhound is hit on the port side by one of the U-boat's deck guns, which kills Krause's mess attendant, George Cleveland, and two sailors. During the funeral service, Eagle is attacked and eventually sinks. Krause, aware that doing so might expose the shoddy state of the escort fleet, elects to break radio silence by transmitting a single word, "help", to the Admiralty. With the convoy close to reaching air cover, the remaining U-boats mount an all-out assault on the destroyers. One of the torpedoes glances off the side of Greyhound, and the other barely makes contact. After heavy fighting, Greyhound sinks Grey Wolf with a full broadside. To everyone's relief, they spot air support deployed from British RAF Coastal Command and use their guns to mark the last visible U-boat, allowing a PBY Catalina bomber to line up a depth charge attack and sink the sub. The rest of the pack quickly flees before they can be discovered. While assessing damage, Krause receives radio contact from the head of the relief escorts, HMS Diamond, that his relief has arrived and Greyhound is due for repair and refitting in Derry alongside his two surviving companion vessels. The crew receives a "job well done" on their four U-boat kills. As Krause turns over command to a junior officer, all present on the bridge gaze at their Captain with new-found respect. While setting the new course, passengers and crew of the remaining convoy ships cheer and send up flares to salute Greyhound's crew for their valor and victory at sea while Krause finally prays and rests. 