 Distorted (I) (2018)321) A couple moves to an isolated, modern, safe apartment building with CCTV after the wife has problems with nightmares. However, something's not quite right with the building. A 32-year-old woman suffering from bipolar disorder comes to suspect the proprietor of the state-of-the-art ''smart apartment'' she and her husband just moved into is using the building's residents as unwitting guinea pigs for a ''synthetic telepathy'' brainwashing plot with dire global ramifications. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Russell Curran (Brendan Fletcher) is a successful businessman living in Portland, Oregon. His 32-year-old wife Lauren (Christina Ricci) suffers from bipolar disorder after a home invasion left her injured and her baby drowned in the bathtub. Craving for a safe home, Russell and Lauren decide to move into a luxurious high-tech smart apartment an hour away from Portland. On one of their first evenings, they attend a cocktail party and meet the other residents who are all very wealthy. One of them is Phillip Starks (Vicellous Reon Shannon), an heir of a successful marketing company focusing on consumer-psychology. Lauren soon notices strange noises coming from the apartment's sound system and occasionally sees the TV flashing up strange pictures and words. She tries to speak to Russell, but he blames her bipolar disorder and accuses her of paranoia. Later, Russell secretly installs CCTV cameras to observe Lauren's behavior. Through research on the internet, Lauren gets in touch with Vernon Sarsfield (John Cusack), a hacker and journalist. Vernon affirms Lauren that she is not paranoid and that she needs to help him to prove that the residents of her home are being used as involuntary experimental subjects to subliminal stimuli by the building's owners. Vernon believes Lauren is the only one to notice the subliminal messaging because of her bipolar disorder. One day, Lauren meets a resident that she has been perceiving as particularly awkward. He tells Lauren that he "is not one of them" and soon after commits suicide by jumping off the buildings roof. As the strange events intensify, Vernon advises Lauren to leave since he has been tracked and thus can not help her anymore. Lauren becomes increasingly suspicious of Russell who threatens to send her to a psychiatric hospital. As Lauren figures that all residents have continuously been scratching their necks, thus must have been exposed to some substance or implant, she tries to flee, but the buildings security manager and groundskeeper apprehend her in the garage and forcefully narcotize her by an injection to the neck. As Lauren wakes up, she is restrained and exposed to another subliminal stimuli on the TV, realizing that the goal of the stimuli is for her to murder a three year old child residing in another apartment. Vernon suddenly appears and frees Lauren. He gives her a gun and allows her to flee by holding up the pursuers, but gets killed as he does so. Lauren does as the stimuli suggested by kidnapping the child. Russell tries to win back her trust by saying he has proof of the subliminal stimuli through the CCTV he has installed, but Lauren rebuffs him. Using the images implanted into her head earlier, she drives the child to an abandoned shack. Later, she is then seen driving to an abandoned luxurious hotel with a blood-stained bag where she is greeted by Phillip Stark, and the building's employees and some of its residents who were disguised employees of Stark. Stark interviews Lauren on how she feels about having killed the child. As Lauren replies that she feels well since she does as expected from her, Stark is satisfied and thanks Lauren for her contribution to the future of warfare. However, as Stark opens the bag, it is only filled with apples. A flashback reveals that Lauren and Russell had only pretended the child's death. Stark attacks Lauren, but Russell rushes to her aid and shoots him dead. The police arrive and surround the premises. In the closing scene, a pregnant Lauren and Russell have moved into a new home. As they hug, Lauren suspiciously eyes the parent unit Russell had been trying to install. 