 Asher (II) (2018)Summaries An aging hitman's last job goes sideways, forcing him to redeem himself. Asher (Ron Perlman) is a contract killer who's spent the better part of his life ending other lives, taking orders from Avi (Richard Dreyfuss). He lives a lonely existence, making friends out of fine wine and good food, resenting his apprentice, Uzi (Peter Facinelli), who's taking jobs from him due to youth. When Avi hands Asher three contracts for a revenge scheme, the hitman takes the job, only to lose consciousness due to health issues, making accidental contact with Sophie (Famke Janssen), a ballet teacher distraught over mother Dora (Jacqueline Bisset), who's losing her battle with dementia. Asher and Sophie make a connection, embarking on a tentative courtship where the murderer can't share anything about his life. As the pair work out their flirtations, Asher is forced to pair with Uzi on a group hit, and when that goes bad for a moment, the veteran soon becomes marked for death, threatening all the good that's come into his world. blu-ray.com Former Mossad agent Asher, who lives a minimalist and solitary life in Brooklyn but who also enjoys the finer things, is nearing the end of his career as a hitman, due to a combination of his age, dealing with the effects of not fully treated physical wounds, and a changing business about which he has no control, such as much work that would have previously gone to him now going to those he mentored. He gets his assignments through a middleman, Abram, who operates a front of a dry cleaner, and who he implicitly trusts. Against the creed he has set for himself, he forgoes that solitary life both professionally and personally. Against his better judgment, he accepts a job working with a group led by one of those he mentored, Uziel, this rule in not knowing the mindset of those with who he may be working. And arguably for the first time, he meets a woman, Sophie, a ballet teacher, with who he can picture a post-hitman life, despite their meeting being in a close call in a hit that went slightly awry, she an innocent bystander who almost witnessed that hit. Their time together is even more complicated by she being the primary caregiver to her mother Dora who is quickly slipping away as a person living with dementia. But the changing business may dictate more than anything if he will be able to realize his vision of that post-hitman life. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 