 10x10 (2018)321) A man abducts a flower shop owner and holds her captive in a small, soundproof room in an effort to extract a dark secret from her past. Lewis (Luke Evans) is an outwardly ordinary guy, but in reality he is hiding an obsession - revenge - against Cathy (Kelly Reilly). Lewis kidnaps Cathy in broad daylight and takes her to his home, where he locks her in a soundproof cell and attempts to extract a dark secret from her past. Remadian Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with Lewis (Luke Evans) watching Cathy (Kelly Reilly) take a seat in a restaurant to eat lunch. He gets up and casually walks by her to wait outside at the car park for her. She exits soon after and goes to her yoga lessons. He parks his car next to her car and kidnaps her when she comes out. He drives to a remote house and leaves her in a small (10 by 10) room, which appears to be a cellar. He emphasizes to her that the house is isolated and the cellar is soundproof; there is no way to escape. He tells her that if he wanted to kill her, he already could have. Cathy gets her bound hands in front of her and attacks him when he comes to get her for lunch. She tries to call the police on the land line but he shoots the phone and so she desperately tries to get free. Unsuccessful, she sits down to eat with him. He asks her name, but attacks her when she answers; they fight and he overpowers her, returning her to the cellar. As he exits the cellar his maid, Alondra, enters the house to be astonished at a disheveled and bleeding Lewis; he had forgotten to tell her to take a day off, but sends her away now. Cathy lies in the cellar, bleeding and in pain. He returns and questions her. She tells him she already answered him, but he keeps asking for details of her past life, insisting that she is lying. He continues to press her, and she changes her story. She said she studied English and owns a flower shop, but now admits having studied medicine. Flashback to a public trial where several people have died. It transpires that "Cathy" is actually Nathalie, twin sister to Cathy, who killed herself after their father cheated on their mother with a cheerleader for the football team he worked for. Lewis watches a movie where he cradles a baby. In the meantime Cathy tries to call the police on a mobile phone she had hidden. He rushes in to ask her about the Charleston deaths, one of whom was his wife, Alana Matthews Lewis. He accuses her of murder since his wife's blood was full of the rape drug GHB. She apologizes for Alana's death, and he simply states that he knows that she killed his wife. He continues to watch films of his little happy family, with his wife Alana and his daughter Summer. He returns to the cellar to threaten her with his gun. She talks about her childhood; how, after their father had left, they were treated like outcasts and that her sister committed suicide as a result. Nathalie tells him that she killed these people out of vengeance for what her father had done, but he refuses to believe his wife had cheated on him. He looks for evidence for his wife's cheating on videos and sees one part in particular where her phone rings, she looks at it impassively and ends the call. Emotionally overwhelmed, Lewis drives away. He has a brief encounter with police while stopped at a lake, but he is able to quell any suspicions. In the meantime Nathalie tries to remove a broken shard of floor tile to cut open her restraints. He returns to his house, tells her she had no right to kill his wife before he could talk to her, and demands she go to the police and confess. She says she is now Cathy and won't let him ruin her now-happy life, then attacks him with the floor shard. He bleeds strongly and tries to lock her into the cellar again but she flees upstairs. Alondra, the maid, comes home with Lewis' daughter. Nathalie shoots Alondra and takes Summer as hostage. She tells him this can only end with his and his Summer's death, and says Summer is not his biological daughter, since his wife cheated on him. Summer bites Nathalie and escapes to the cellar, where Lewis finds her. Summer says Cathy is gone, and they prepare to leave the house. He takes the recordings from the computer of Cathy's confessions, and runs to the garage where she corners him. She tries to stab him with a pitchfork, but he drives it upwards to take her off balance and knocks her unconscious. Soon after the police arrive and the nightmare is over. Lewis hugs Summer and tells her that she is his baby girl, his daughter. 