 Kesari (2019)44) Based on an incredible true story of the Battle of Saragarhi in which an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans in 1897. This period war-drama showcases the 1897 Battle of Saragarhi. The plot focuses on Havildar Ishar Singh who led a platoon of 21 Sikhs against an invading army of 10,000 Afghans to defend the North-West Frontier Province. The event is considered as one of the greatest last-stands in history. beingdhruvnanda Havildar Ishar SIngh plays a key role in the 1897 Battle of Saragarhi, in which an army of 21 Sikhs fought against a legion of 10,000 Afghans in what is considered as one of the greatest last-stands in military history. The story is about how the 21 men come together as a team to achieve what the world thought of as an impossible feat. Santhosh Havaldar Ishwar Singh posted at Gulistan fort on Afghan border,Due to his skills a British officer becomes jealous of him as he considers Indian are not worthy of it.While returning from is patrol duty he saves an Afghan women whose trying to escape her forced marriage to save the women Ishwar Singh goes against his force as soon as they reach the fort the Afghans attack Gulistan fort.But Ishwar fights back he is then transferred to Saragrahi fort,Upon reaching there he finds the soldiers out there are not disciplined and stops their food until discipline is in place for which everyone hates.But when they find that even Ishwar Singh hasn't eaten for a week they start to respect him and discipline is bought in place.Ishwar Singh and his regiment then start to help the needy villagers, until he gets the news from British officers that 10,000 Afghan soldiers marching towards the Saragarhi fort.Ishwar Singh is given the option to back out as his army of 21 soldiers won't last for long against the 10,000 Afghan soldiers.But Ishwar Singh and his 21 soldiers fight with the Afghans until their last breath. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 