 Fear Street: Part One - 1994 (2021)321) A circle of teenage friends accidentally encounter the ancient evil responsible for a series of brutal murders that have plagued their town for over 300 years. Welcome to Shadyside. 1994. In Shadyside, the murder capital of the United States, yet another brutal, unmotivated massacre sends shivers down the spine. And, more and more, the unholy name of Sarah Fier, a cursed local witch, keeps popping up. Now, something evil has awoken, forcing a team of five teenage friends to summon up the courage to get to the bottom of a bloody, centuries-old secret and fight tooth and nail against unstoppable supernatural forces to stay alive. But in this dangerous cat-and-mouse game, someone else makes the rules. Can the young defenders lift the town curse and end it all? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with the murder of a bookstore employee, Heather Watkins, by her friend Ryan, who had previously shown no indication that he planned on killing her. After killing her and other mall employees, he is shot in the head by the police. The media report the massacre as the norm for Shadyside, Ohio, which they dub the murder capital of the USA. Meanwhile, the neighboring town of Sunnyvale is its polar opposite, as it's considered one of the richest and safest cities in the country. Many of the Shadyside teens believe that this is the result of the witch, Sarah Fier, who placed a curse on the town before being executed for witchcraft in 1666. Deena Johnson doesn't believe in the Fier witch, as she's too busy dealing with her own problems. Her brother Josh spends all his time online, her friends Simon and Kate are selling drugs, and Deena has broken up with her closeted girlfriend Sam, who recently moved to Sunnyvale. The two meet again at a vigil in Sunnyvale for the victims of the mall killings, only for a malicious prank against the Shadyside students - and their attempt to retaliate - to cause a car accident that lands Sam in the hospital. However, before she's taken away, Sam sees a vision of the Fier witch. The following night, Deena and her friends begin to be stalked by the undead killers from some of Shadyside's worst massacres. Initially thinking it another prank, this is soon proved otherwise after one of the undead murders people while trying to get to Sam. After hearing about Sam's vision, the group realizes that the accident disturbed the grave of Sarah Fier and that Sam touched her bones. They also realize that the undead only want Sam and that they cannot be stopped by reburying the body or destroying the killers. Through Josh's collection of clippings on the Shadyside massacres, they realize that one of them, at a summer camp in the 70s, had a sole survivor. As the undead attack they call her in hopes of gaining insight, but only get her answering machine. The teens note that the clipping mentions that the woman died and was brought back to life. They decide that they should try this with Sam and go to a nearby supermarket to use the drugs at their pharmacy, only for Sam to vomit up the pills. The undead attack and murder Simon and Kate. Left with no other options, Deena drowns a willing Sam. The undead retreat and Deena manages to bring Sam back to life using a combination of Epi-Pens and CPR. In the aftermath, the police decide to place the blame on Simon and Kate, as they were known for selling drugs and as they're dead, they can't protest. Sam and Deena make up and publicly come out as a couple. Later that night, while Sam is at her house, Deena receives a call back from the camp survivor, who tells her that there is no escaping the witch. Deena turns to see a possessed Sam attack her. She manages to subdue and tie Sam up, telling Josh that she will bring Sam back. 