 Requiem for a Fighter (2018)Summaries Lucas A former Danish Army Officer has travelled to Derry, Northern Ireland to clear up details of his estranged son's death and finds that there was another side to his son's life and the people he was friends with. These include Michael who has been fighting in unlicensed boxing matches to raise some quick cash, trained by his Father Liam who doesn't know Michael is questioning his sexuality. Michael is close to his sister Alice, who is having relationship troubles of her own with her boyfriend known as the Strap as he is always on the scrounge. Michael's fights have been building to a final fight against Brian Beru, undefeated King of the gypsy's and a wrecking machine, with a deal brokered by his father and former champion Paddy Beru. Michael is being pursued by a stunning former classmate Emma, who outs him to his father Liam when she discovers Michael has been seeing his friend Peter. The shock is too much for Liam and he has a heart attack. Michael negotiates with Paddy and Brian to stop the fight, but their price for withdrawal is too high. Lucas finds out that Liam and Michael helped his son whilst he was in Derry and offers to help and train Michael who needs all the help he can get if he is to survive this final battle. Lucas A former Danish Army Officer has traveled to Derry, Northern Ireland to clear up details of his estranged son's death and finds that there was another side to his son's life and the people he was partied with. These include Michael who has been fighting in unlicensed boxing matches to raise quick cash, trained by his Father who doesn't know Michael is questioning his sexuality. The fights have been building to a final fight against Brian Beru, undefeated King of the gypsy's and a wrecking machine, Michael will need Lucas help if he is to survive. Lucas A former Danish Army Officer has travelled to Derry, Northern Ireland to clear up details of his estranged son's death and finds that there was another side to his son's life and the people he was partied with. These include Michael who has been fighting in unlicensed boxing matches to raise quick cash, trained by his Father who doesn't know Michael is questioning his sexuality. The fights have been building to a final fight against Brian Beru, undefeated King of the gypsy's and a wrecking machine, Michael will need Lucas help if he is to survive. Danny Patrick It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 