 Love in Kilnerry (2019)211) The elderly residents of a small remote town panic after the Environmental Protection Agency announces that the government mandated changes to their water supply needed for their chemical plant could create a bi-product that would dramatically increase their sexual libido. The sheriff struggles to maintain order and decency as mayhem ensues. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sheriff O'Reilly rides through town as the sun cracks the horizon and the fisherman leave the harbor. He visits Mayor Jerry Boylan at his pub. Jerry is preparing for the town hall meeting later that night. Gary requests that the meeting be held in the church on the account of a representative for the EPA coming to speak to the town. As usual, Jerry has no idea what's going on with his town and protests that the church is too far. Gary calls the church, but Father O'Dell wants Jerry to ask. The two break out into an argument on the phone and make plans to meet at the school gym the next day to settle their grievances once and for all. As Gary struggles to wrestle the phone away from Jerry, Nessa, the corky shop owner who has a crush on Gary, watches from her shop through binoculars. Gary scolds Jerry and tells him he needs to inform the rest of the town. Gary visits Ed, the foreman of Mueller's Chemical plant, who tells him the EPA showed up with federal papers and were already implementing a new chemical. Gary tells him it's probably nothing to worry about. The unenthusiastic residents of the town fill the church sit and wait for the meeting to begin. Jerry repeatedly clears his throat whispering for Father O'Dell to introduce him bit O'Dell refuses. The town watches on in blank stares until finally Jerry jumps up and makes the regular announcements; Kilnerry Gazette has closed, the winter is almost over, and the high school graduates will be leaving soon. He introduces Rakesh, a lab technician from the EPA, who announces a chemical Kilnerry is currently using in their chemical plant has a toxic biproduct that is running off into the waters and poisoning the sea life. Kilnerry is responsible for catching 25% of the state's fish. However, they have come up with an alternative solution, called P172. Unfortunately, it comes with one side effect. In laboratory rats, P172 caused a dramatic increase in sexual libido. The elderly congregation panics wanting to know if they will be able to control themselves. Sheriff O'Reilly asks if P172 might take some time before any side effects occur and in that time the EPA should be able to find a replacement. Rakesh informs him that P172 had an effect on the rats almost immediately and that some of them had fornicated the others to death! Gasps and cries fill the church as the residents panic and start to file out. Jerry announces that he'll be offering 10% drink specials until 10 o'clock. The next morning Gary referees as Father O'Dell and Mayor Boylan attempt to box one another in the school gym but quickly becomes a chaotic mess of hair pulling and ball throwing. When Gary is accidently knocked out by Jerry, O'Dell informs him there's no one to protect him and chases a screaming Jerry out of the school into the street. Jerry tries to climb into the back of a jeep when the alarmed driver begins screaming. The children run to the window chanting, "Fight, Fight, Fight!". Gary wakes up and chases them with two teachers behind him. Everyone grabs someone, but in the confusion, they end up restraining the sheriff while Father O'Dell repeatedly punches the mayor. Kilnerry's only postal worker, Fergal O'Reilly, Gary's father, visits Brigid Kerry, the town gossip and general store owner. Fergal moves slow and struggles to walk all over town with aches and pains. He informs her Aednat McLaughlin, the town's widowed religious fanatic, has barricaded herself in her house. Brigid complains of Kilnerry's grey skies and depressing mood. Stevie Ward, Nessa's little brother, helps Brigid unload groceries and tells her Vitamin D helps with depression and UV rays from tanning beds can stimulate vitamin D in the brain. If she had one it could make her a lot of money. Gary gets a call at the police department that garden gnomes have been stolen and he's been requested to investigate. He puts down an article, titled "How to tell her you love her", and a picture of Nessa. Bored with no customers, Nessa decides to visit Jerry at the pub across the street. She tells him the town is dying, businesses are closing, no one is having babies, and all the teenagers are moving away. Jerry keys into Nessa's real sadness that Stevie will be leaving for college soon. She informs him that a resident died and there will be a wake. Gary patrols a warehouse on the edge of town when he sees another vehicle. When he gets out to investigate, he can hear noises echoing from the alley. Upon turning the corner, he sees two residents having sex. He yells at them to stop but they just stare at him and continue. He returns home to find two gnomes arranged in his front yard in suggestive positions. He snatches the gnomes and marches inside. At the wake, the town gathers to pay respects the passing of an elderly friend. O'Dell and Jerry continue antagonizing one another until O'Dell pushes him inside the coffin slamming the lid on him. Gary arrives and informs everyone he had to arrest two residents for public lewdness. When asked what happened, he confessed he didn't know what to do and tried to stack boxes up to hide them from being seen but that realized he was an accessory to public lewdness. Brigid arrives with Aednat, convincing her to leave the house, and go to the next county to an elderly dance class. Gary expresses concern for this change in behavior and continues to tell them he was forced to pepper spray the consorting residents and tackle them. Aednat screams and charges through the crowd as O'Dell and Jerry begin wrestling against the casket. Gary tries to stop Aednat but is kicked between the legs. Nessa to him to smother him with assistance. Fergal reminds his son he only has one jailcell and two residents are probably having sex in it right now. Gary runs out of the wake. His truck racing toward the jail, he passes O'Dell chasing Aednat still running and screaming on her way home. He arrives at the jail to find the deputy already let them go because his father, Fergal, had called and told him to do so. As Jerry walks Brigid home, they confess they've both been cheated on by their spouses and both left without filing for a divorce. When Jerry flirts with her, Brigid takes the cue and begins pulling his clothes off as Jerry reminds her not to expect anything fancy. She pulls him into the shadows with Jerry yelping. Nessa strolls through town and sees a Yoga book in the window of the bookshop and enters with a smile. Gary wakes up to his phone ringing. The gnomes have been stolen again. He walks out to his front yard to find two more gnomes in another suggestive position. Jerry polishes glasses at the pub worrying that he's committed adultery since he's not technically divorced. He feels obligated to go to church and confess to O'Dell, who is receiving Brigid's confession for the same thing. O'Dell not realizing who they're talking about, and neither of them knowing the other is there, leads to a debacle of misunderstandings. O'Dell tells Jerry to do a thousand Hail Mary's. After Jerry storms out, O'Dell confesses he's been contemplating Adam and Eve, shame, and wanting to be closer to God, and how to shed that shame. Brigid dismisses the message and agrees not to be too hard on herself. Fergal checks on Aednat, who reluctantly invites him in for tea. Gary visits Nessa's shop to pick up printer paper for the police department. Nervous, Nessa struggles to keep him there to flirt with him or get a response that he feels the same for her. After several failed attempts, Gary begins to leave until Nessa stops him and asks why he doesn't like her. She admits it isn't easy raising her little brother after both their parents died in an accident, she knows she's awkward, but what specifically is it about her he doesn't like? Gary softens and doesn't know how to respond. He struggles to tell her his feelings can't get the words out and turns and exits. Nessa deflates. Gary drives around the corner to find O'Dell riding his bicycle nude through town. Gary begins screaming in his truck, "What is happening?!" Aednat and Fergal dance in her Livingroom. They laugh and share their love for dancing when they were younger. She admits she has a daring idea and goes to the back bedroom. Misunderstanding her intentions, Fergal begins taking his clothes off. He begs God not to let him get soft and arranges himself on the soft in his underwear when Aednat returns with a dance book. Fergal realizes he's made a grave error and quickly throws his clothes on claiming he was just stretching. The two look at the book and Fergal admits the moves are beyond his ability. Aednat tells him she likes spending time with him and she's beginning to feel young again. Fergal decides to throw caution to the wind and dances with Aednat again. Gary visits Jerry at Brigid's store to ask him about announcing a curfew for anyone under eighteen years old. Jerry refuses and claims the town is better than it has ever been. Brigid pushes Gary to ask Nessa out on a date when he explodes and breaks into an argument with both of them. Shouting, Jerry informs him he has overstepped his bounds. Gary storms out. He drives furiously to the shore and walks into the ocean breaking down. Back at Brigid's shop, Fergal walks out from the back in his underwear, tan with black hair. Brigid confesses her new tanning bed was a good purchase. She leaves to find Nessa as Nessa enters and has a misunderstanding with Fergal and Jerry. Later that night at the Kilnerry Police Department, Gary calls other sheriffs' offices around the state asking them to order their office supplies from Nessa. He tells them to keep his involvement a secret when he gets another call that kids are snooping around houses. Gary goes to the house and finds Stevie and two friends peering in a living room window. They point inside and run. Gary looks in to find a room of elderly people in cheap Halloween masks and their underwear sitting and staring at one another. They notice him and erupt in screams as they run out of the house, jumping in their cars and race off. Having hit an all-time low, Gary sits at home staring at a glass of water. He climbs one of the local mountains that overlooks Kilnerry nestled away from the rest of the world. He gives in and drinks the water from the faucet. At the pub, Jerry polishes glasses pouting as patrons carry on. Fergal bursts in yelling "Worst orgy ever!". Jerry storms off as Brigid tells Fergal no one was supposed to know. Stevie confesses he was there as Nessa cringes and reprimands him. A glamorous Aednat enters and announces with Fergal that they have entered a dance competition in the next county. Father O'Dell enters and he and Jerry get into another argument. O'Dell accuses Jerry of beating up his sister fifteen year prior. Jerry recounts the date with his sister confessing on the motorcycle ride home he looked back, and she was gone. He assumed she got off and never heard from her again but realizes the road littered with pothole may have caused her to bounce off the bike giving her scrapes and bruises. Realizing the last fifteen years of fighting was over a misunderstanding, everyone begins laughing. Intoxicated, Gary grabs Jerry and challenges O'Dell to punch him. Everyone charges in to diffuse the situation but are knocked back as Gary is pulled off. Gary confesses he's infected like all of them because he drank the water. He tells them P172 is the worst thing that ever happened to the town and that they've all changed. Nessa storms out after Gary tells her that her parents would be ashamed of her. Fergal yells at his son and storms out with Aednat and O'Dell. Jerry takes his keys and tells him to leave. Aednat and Fergal shock everyone with their self-choreographed risqu dance routine. The next morning Nessa receives a lot of orders for her store, Brigid and Jerry sign divorce papers, Aednat places their third-place trophy on her mantle, and Stevie receives an acceptance letter to college. That night, Gary visits his father to find out why he's so eager to change. Fergal tells him he can't keep him from dying, but that he can keep him from living. Fergal reminds Gary of how strong he was when his mother died. Gary blames his father for having to stay in Kilnerry. Fergal grabs him and tells his son he's afraid of change and is acting like a coward, but that's not him. Gary backs down and Fergal tells him to leave. At sunrise, Gary takes his boat out full throttle into the ocean dancing all over it. He arrives at a remote lighthouse off shores and dances to exhaustion. Three months have passed and Rakesh has come to speak to the town again at the Quarterly town hall meeting. The residents give him a warmer welcome than last time cheering for him. He happily shares with them that upon further testing, there were no side effects for P172. The rats had originally been used for a pheromone test giving them false readings. Instead of being relieved, the residents are riddled with guilt for their thinking they had no control. O'Dell reminds everyone that no one is going to Hell. He tells them that none of them acted out of hate or to spite God. They acted out of love or for a need to connect to one another. As long as they thought they had no control, they dropped their guards and were able to accept one another for who they are. And that he too had come to terms with who he is. O'Dell rips off his robe and announces to the congregation that he has become a nudist. Shocked, residents call out their support for him. Jerry confesses that he may be a fool but that he doesn't care what anyone on the internet will think of him. He just wants to be with Brigid. Gary apologizes to the town and admits he was afraid of them changing because for the first time he didn't feel in control. He will try to be a better friend but that he will not stop upholding the law. Nessa announces in protest she does not forgive him ad she is going to go home and decide how all of this makes her feel and that she will not be thinking of him or his rock-hard body. As everyone exits, Ed stops to ask Gary if he liked the gnomes in his front yard. Fergal tells Gary he's proud of him and the two follow everyone out. Nessa takes Stevie to the bus depot to go to the next bigger town where he and his friends will depart to different colleges. Stevie keeps looking for Gary, who said he would come and say goodbye. Nessa warns him not to expect too much from him. Stevie pleads with her to give him a chance, but she insists she's going to be alone and that is okay. As he boards the bus, she calls out to him that their parents would be very proud of him. He sees Gary crossing the street and the two say goodbye through the window. Stevie runs to the other side trying to tell his sister that Gary's there, but she can't hear him. As the bus pulls away, Gary and Nessa are left standing across from one another staring at the other. He apologizes to her and tells her he was trying to hurt her because he was terrified of her. But he's not terrified anymore and Nessa and Gary kiss. The two walk back to her car as she dances around him singing "so you love me, huh?" 