 Itsy Bitsy (II) (2019)321) Based on the centuries old poem, a family moves into a secluded mansion where they soon find themselves being targeted by an entity taking the form of a giant spider. Kara, a private nurse and single mother, moves from the big city to the quiet countryside with her two children, 13-year-old Jesse and 8-year-old Cambria, to live with and take care of an elderly man with multiple sclerosis. Things seem normal enough until Jesse discovers a mysterious old relic in the old man's house, leading to unexpected and horrifying things coming to life. RSaVLSG Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A story tangled up in a web of family drama, personal demons, and a horrifying monster. Our story is about an at-home nurse, Kara, who moves out to the country with her two children, 13-year-old Jesse and 8-year-old Cambria, to live with and take care of an elderly man with multiple sclerosis. Things seem normal enough until Jesse discovers a mysterious old relic in the old man's house, leading to unexpected and horrifying things coming to life. Itsy Bitsy is an old-school creature film with a terrifying giant spider at the center, but the movie isn't just about arachnid horror. Kara will have to deal with her internal and familial struggles while saving everyone from becoming spider food. It's as much a story about people and family as it is about an eight-legged monster. Mixing character drama with chilling scares, Itsy Bitsy is a movie you'll be haunted by for years to come. What happens when a single mother moves from the big city to the quiet countryside with her two children to start working as a private nurse to an old man stricken with multiple sclerosis? Exactly. Unexpected happens. Especially when the oldest son, 13-year-old Jesse, finds out that a relic owned by the old man contains more than just legends. Itsy Bitsy is an old-school creature film. It stars, as the name hints, an ancient and monstrous spider. However, it's not all about creatures. The story is mixed with character drama, driving all main characters, mainly Kara, our protagonist, to deal not only physical fights with the creature, but also internal fights with themselves and their own tormented pasts. 