 Mirage (2018)321) Two storms separated by 25 years. A woman murdered. A daughter missed. Only 72 hours to discover the truth. On November 9, 1989 (the same day the Wall of Berlin falls), Nico is a 12-year-old boy passionate about videotaping himself while playing guitar. He is being raised by his single mother Mara. On the same night, a 72-hour electric storm breaks out, and Nico looking through his room window witnesses a violent scene in the house of his neighbour, ngel Prieto. He ventures into the house and stumbles on Hilda Weiss, Prieto's wife, lying dead in the house. Running scared from Prieto, who has discovered him in his home, Nico is run over by a passing car and dies as a result. Twenty-five years later, on November 9th, 2014, Vera Roy is a woman who divides her time between working as nurse in the hospital and her family: her husband David Ortiz and her little daughter Gloria. To celebrate moving into their new house in the suburbs, they invite her friend and former boyfriend Aitor Medina and his mother Clara to their house where Vera learns that she and David are living in Nico's house and that after his death, ngel Prieto was arrested and committed suicide in prison three months later. That night after dinner, Vera comes across the old analog TV set and camera equipment used by Nico the same night that the 72-hours storm broke out. After turning the TV on, the storm connects the two devices together as one, and Vera talks to Nico and warns him off his impending death. But after the conversation, Vera wakes up in the hospital in a parallel timeline: puzzled and confused, Vera realizes that she's not a nurse but a doctor spending a few days on sick leave after the death of a patient; her daughter Gloria no longer exists; David is married to his former girlfriend, rsula; Aitor Medina never was her boyfriend; and Prieto is still alive and happily married to Clara Medina. With her memories constantly crossing both timelines each time that Vera touches someone, she meets Inspector Leyra in an attempt to prove the credibility of her story. Reluctant to believe her, Leyra agrees to investigate with her and both embark on a search for clues and evidence that can help to uncover the truth. With time running out and a few hours left before the storm blows itself out. In the belief that the key to this time riddle is finding out Nico Lasarte's whereabouts and proving the murder of Hilda Weiss, Vera tries not only to recover Gloria, but also to arrest Prieto and talk to the child Nico again. Which one of her two parallel lives is real? Is it her previous life a delusion? Will Vera be able to find a way to fix the things before the storm subsides? Chockys Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1989, during the fall of the Berlin Wall and a 72-hour-long electrical storm, a boy named Nico, while recording a video in his house, hears some noises and sees a fight scene in his neighbors' house through a window. He goes to the house only to find the body of Ms. Weiss, the wife of the neighbor Angel Prieto. Seeing Mr. Prieto with a knife, Nico tries to escape and is accidentally hit by a car on the road. Prieto is arrested with the murder weapon in hand as Nico dies in the car accident. In 2014, a married couple, Vera Roy and David Ortiz, move to Nico's house along with their daughter Gloria. They find an old TV set in a storeroom along with a video recorder and cassettes. An electrical storm similar to the one in 1989 begins, and after Vera, David, and Gloria watch Nico's video, the TV starts broadcasting the live news that was taking place when Nico was making his video. During dinner, they share this incident with their neighbor Aitor and his mother Clara, and Vera and David learn how Nico was killed. At night, Vera sees the boy on the TV and is shocked to find that she can interact with him. She initially gets scared but then tries to warn Nico not to go out on the road so he will not get hit. Next morning, Vera wakes up to a new reality where no one is aware of the above incidents other than her. David is married to someone else. Gloria was never born. She is disturbed and then starts to think that, if she can interact with Nico once again, then she will be able to correct what she has done. She visits the police and tells them the entire story, which is difficult for anyone to believe. Inspector Leyra tries to help her out, but he needs some proof in order to trust her. They visit an author of the book which mentioned Nico communicating with a woman from the future via the television. They learn that during the current storm, they can communicate with Nico and try to change things. As proof, Vera tells the inspector to dig and look for the body of Ms. Weiss beneath her husband's slaughterhouse. They do so and find a human skeleton in a suitcase. The police arrest Prieto, who is now living with Victor and Clara. During the interrogation, it is also revealed that Angel Prieto and Clara were having an affair and they were caught by Ms. Weiss, which led to a fight in which Clara accidentally stabbed Weiss. Inspector Leyra helps Vera by giving her some credit card information about Nico and an address. When she visits this address, she is shocked to find David cheating on his wife with a nurse whom he met during his surgery. Vera blackmails David, who is a bank employee, to get information about Nico. She is surprised to learn that Inspector Leyra is Nico Lasarte, who is in a relationship with her in this reality. Leyra tells her how he had waited for her for years and, in doing so, had unknowingly prevented from meeting David and Aitor. Vera asks Leyra to correct the events using the TV set and video recorder. Vera then commits suicide so that Leyra will have to save her. Leyra uses the TV and recorder to communicate with his childhood self. Vera then wakes up to an earlier version of reality where David is her husband and Gloria is her daughter. She finds out that David is still cheating on her. She calls the police to report a body beneath the slaughterhouse where she meets Inspector Leyra, hoping to start a new relationship with him along with her daughter. 