 Donnybrook (2018)211) Two men prepare to compete in a legendary bare-knuckle fight where the winner gets a $100,000 prize. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jarhead Earl is a former US Marine living with a wife and two kids in a trailer park. Known as a tough guy, he seeks to leave his surroundings in favor of a fresh start for his family, and the only way he sees an out is by winning the Donnybrook, a massive bare-knuckle fight. Earl robs a local gun shop for the money to enter the contest and returns home, encountering Chainsaw Angus (Frank Grillo), a psychotic meth dealer to whom Earl's wife owes money. After a brief struggle, Angus leaves, driven by his sister/accomplice Delia (Margaret Qualley). Earl takes his family and flees the trailer park for the Donnybrook. Angus and Delia return to their cookhouse and see it up in flames. After killing their cooker who escaped the fire, they pay a visit to their partner, Eldon (Pat Healy) seeking money to restart their operation. When he refuses, Angus orders Delia to kill him. She does, but has sex with Eldon first; while doing so, Eldon tells Delia that she should kill Angus instead. Delia kills Eldon, but continues to be abused and belittled by Angus. Eventually, Delia is driven to contemplate suicide, but relents, instead going to Angus and shooting him. Overhearing Earl's plans to enter the Donnybrook earlier, she takes a stash of meth and sets out for the Donnybrook as well. However, Angus is not dead, and after killing an innocent for his car, he vows to find his sister and his meth. Meanwhile, Whalen, a local cop with a drinking problem, is investigating the gun shop robbery as well as the fire at the cookhouse. Running into his ex-girlfriend, she tells him about Angus. Whalen makes taking down Angus his personal mission, finally confronting him in a parking lot. The two men shoot at each other with shotguns. Angus fatally wounds Whalen and leaves him for dead. Angus tracks down Earl's son and kills him. He arrives at the site of the Donnybrook, sneaks up on Delia, and drags her into the woods where he strangles her to death. The Donnybrook begins in a chain link cage as a no holds barred melee. After a few minutes of fighting, Earl and Angus are the last fighters standing. They are given a break before they face off against each other. Angus uses the break to tell Earl that he killed his son. Back in the cage, Earl eventually manages to overpower Angus, shouting "You killed my boy!" as he breaks Angus' neck. 