 Dabangg 3 (2019)431) Chulbul Pandey encounters an enemy from his past, and his origin story as the fearless cop unfolds. Following the events of Dabangg 2 (2012) , Chulbul Pandey has now become the SP of Tundla, Uttar Pradesh and is living a comfortable life with his family. When he busts a human trafficking racket, he realizes he has locked horns with the kingpin Bali Singh who seems to be having a connection to his past. A flashback unfolds, showcasing the origin of Chulbul Pandey as a fearless cop and the reason behind his transformation. Prashast Singh More beefed-up, worked up and dangerous than ever, Chulbul Pandey, now the tough-as-nails police superintendent of Tundla city in Uttar Pradesh, finds himself juggling career and family after bringing down unscrupulous Baccha Singh's empire in Dabangg 2 (2012) . However, as the past comes back to haunt him in the shape of the wicked old nemesis, Bali Singh, betrayal places Pandey's family in harm's way, triggering a new era of intense violence. But this time, it is personal, and as the suffocating stranglehold of the law tightens around Bali, no sinner is safe. His name is Chulbul Pandey, the fearless. Can the undaunted police officer uproot evil once and for all? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a goon named Guddu and his henchmen robbing people at a marriage. Before they can flee with the stolen goods, Chulbul Pandey attacks them and soon reforms Guddu. Chulbul is now the SP of Tundla and his brother Makhanchand "Makkhi" Pandey has also joined the police force. When a girl rushes to the station for help in order to free some women from traffickers, Makkhi rushes to the spot and challenges the goons, only to find himself surrounded. Chulbul comes to his rescue, bashes all the goons and rescues the goons. Chulbul also arrests the racket head Chinti Valia and other henchmen. Soon, a man arrives at the police station along with a lawyer and orders Chulbul to free the henchmen. Chulbul threatens the goon named Surya, who then proceeds to connect him with the kingpin Bali Singh via video call. Chulbul is shocked, while Bali recognizes him. A flashback unfolds, revealing Chulbul's life before becoming a cop. He was then called Dhaakar and fell for a girl named Khushi who gave him the name Chulbul. However, after attacking a man, Bali saw Khushi rushing for the victim's help and became attracted to her. He intentionally got himself hit in an accident, making Khushi admit both the victim and Bali to hospital. Bali decided to marry her, but learning of Khushi and Chulbul's affair, kidnapped Khushi and her family members. Chulbul tried to rescue them but couldn't stop Bali from killing them. Bali further conspired and got Chulbul arrested for the murder. In prison, Chulbul saved a kind police officer named Satyendra Singh from an attack. Satyendra motivated him to join the police force, following which Chulbul began his training away from his family and upon becoming a cop, battled and threw Bali down a cliff. Having revealed everything to his wife Rajjo, who happened to be Khushi's friend, Chulbul is shocked to find Bali alive. Rajjo makes him promise not to get violent, to which he somehow agrees. On the other hand, Bali tries to brainwash Makkhi into joining him and betraying Chulbul. While Chulbul is on duty, Bali's henchmen try to kill Rajjo and her son but Chulbul comes to their rescue. Later, he finds himself betrayed by Makkhi who is now a part of Bali's gang. Bali assigns a group of cops to arrange for the safe transportation of a truck filled with money. However, Chulbul hijacks it and instead bribes the officers to join forces with him and avoid Bali. Chulbul also kidnaps a minister and forces him to reveal Bali's truth in front of the camera. Bali views the footage, finds the minister at the spot and kills him, only to find himself filmed. With the footage revealing his true nature, Bali now takes Rajjo hostage along with Makkhi who was working undercover in order to learn of Bali's plans. Chulbul fights off Bali's henchmen and kills Bali himself, following which he rescues Makkhi and Rajjo. At the end, Chulbul expresses his desire to now become a politician. 