 Kayak to Klemtu (2017)Summaries After her uncle's death, a 14-year-old girl must speak on his behalf against a proposed pipeline that would bring oil tanker traffic to the waters around her hometown in British Columbia. 14-year-old Ella is determined to travel the length of the Inside Passage, along the shores of the Great Bear Rainforest by kayak in order to testify against a proposed pipeline that would see oil tanker traffic through her beloved homeland waters. She's prepared to handle all of the challenges the wildlife, the weather, the water, and her gear have to offer up. The most challenging of all is that she has to bring her dysfunctional family with her. Her neurotic aunt, her cranky uncle, her wayward cousin, and the memory of her late uncle all come along for the ride to make it a fun and amazing adventure. From Tla'Amin to Klemtu, BC, this family navigates their blend of cultures and desires, while their spirits honour the coast as a place for each of us to call home and protect. Knowing of his terminal illness, west coast First Nations Dave Ellis, also known as Bear to family and friends, asked his fourteen year old niece, Ella, before his passing, to speak on his behalf at the last of the hearings, this one to be held in their homeland of Klemtu on the central coast of British Columbia, of the impact of pipelines and west coast oil tanker traffic on First Nations people and their indigenous lands and water. This request is despite Ella, Bear's sister Maureen's daughter, never having lived in Klemtu - she being raised in Vancouver - and being ill-prepared in her own mind to speak on his behalf especially on such an issue of which she has no first hand knowledge. Long having discussed such a trip with Bear to learn more about her ancestral homelands, Ella comes up with the idea to do what should be the just under one month, 500 kilometer kayak trip from Lund, where Bear's cynical brother Don has been managing the family start-up of an oyster shop purchased by Bear to bring the family together, to Klemtu in time for the hearing, Ella planning to scatter Bear's ashes along the way. Maureen okays the trip only on the caveat that Don is the guide. Up for the trip, if not physically but emotionally, is Bear's Causasian widow, Vancouver schoolteacher Cory, and Cory's teenage son Alex, who Bear adopted when they got married, who has been living in Lund with Don working at the shop, but who, instead of going to college, aspires to move back "home" to Klemtu. Convincing Don may be another matter, not only having his hands full with the shop in Lund, but because of his strained relationship with his seventeen year old son Dean, who has been been maintaining his boat in Klemtu during his stay in Lund. Even if Ella is able to make the trip happen, this ragtag group has the obvious obstacle of their collective inexperience which may dictate whether Ella will be able to honor Bear both by getting in touch with the land of her ancestors and providing that testimony at the hearing. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 