 Missing (I) (2018)Summaries Sushant Dubey checks in at a beach resort of Mauritius late night with his lovely wife Aparna and three-year-old daughter, Titli, who has high fever. As Aparna wakes up the next morning, she is horrified to find Titli missing. The distressed couple goes from pillar to post in a vastly spread resort to search for her, but Titli seems to have disappeared. The police is informed and the most reputed police officer Ramkhilawan Buddu of the Mauritian police force enters the scene. Different people, different viewpoints, different versions about the child going missing turns into a cat and mouse game. Set on the theme 'nothing is what it seems', Missing is a thrilling tale about a couple, Mr. and Mrs. Dubey, and their 3-year-old daughter, Titli, who has gone missing at a beach resort in Mauritius. As the police get involved in the search, the suspense only increases with different people, different viewpoints and different versions about the missing child. Sushant Dubey has to board a ship to reach an island for a meeting but his wife Aparna insists on accompanying him with their three year old daughter Titli due to his womanizing ways.Upon reaching the island resort Titli has heavy fever while they are trying to check in and Sushant starts flirting with the receptionist.Next day they find that Titli is missing from the room and search the whole resort but unable to find her it is reveled that Sushant and Aparna aren't a couple and met on the ship and pretending to be a couple unable to find Titli ,Aparna soon calls the cops where they have to be play safe against Inspector Ramkhilawan Buddhu whose smart enough to crack the case.During the investigation its found that a suspicious man has checked out from hotel who was inquiring about Titli at mid night and currently is seen in the city with a girl of the same age. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 