 The Last Note (2017)44) The execution of 200 Greek resistance fighters and Communists by the German occupiers on May 1st, 1944 in Kaisariani, as reprisal for the Greek Resistance ambush against Nazis. Four years after the successful and award-winning "Little England", Pantelis Voulgaris, director of the great and beloved films "Brides", "With Heart and Soul", "The Striker with No 9", "Stone Years" returns to the big screen with "The Last Note". In his new film, Voulgaris deals with one of the most important chapters of modern Greek history: the execution of 200 Greek resistance fighters by the German occupiers on May 1st, 1944 in Kaisariani, as reprisal for the Greek Resistance ambush against Nazis. Pantelis Voulgaris, with Ioanna Karystiani ("Little England", "Brides") who wrote together the script, will take us to the concentration camp of Chaidari, the period before Labor Day (1st May), and will introduce us to the people behind the tragic events. Leading character of the story is the 34-year-old Napoleon Soukatzidis, a Cretan with Asia Minor origin, who fought and was held in prisons and exiles since 1936. Leading character of the story is the 34-year-old Napoleon Soukatzidis, a Cretan with Asia Minor origin, who fought and was held in prisons and exiles since 1936. During his imprisonment in Chaidari, he served as an interpreter to the German commander of the camp, Karl Fischer. He witnessed the drama of German savagery during the occupation, the tortures, the tragic incidents and the heavy atmosphere in the chambers of those imprisoned. Many different lives, many personal stories of fear, friendship, companionship, hope, dreams.Outside the camp, Napoleon's fiance, Hara Lioudaki, with vigor, patience and deep love stood next to her fianc, even if their meetings lasted only for a few moments during visiting hours, and always under the supervision of armed guards.The fate of Napoleon, and his 199 co-imprisoners in Chaidari, was determined as a result of the Greek Resistance ambush against the German Military General in Laconia, in a canyon of the Molaoi region. It was decided that the death of General Krech and three German escorts had to be retaliated with the execution of 50 Greeks for each German.Soukatzidis is on the list, along with 200 other people. On the day of execution, he faces a life dilemma, when Fischer, who had developed a particular interest for the Greek interpreter, gives him the opportunity to be excluded from the execution, replacing him with another prisoner. Constantinos Isaias On May 1, 1944, against the backdrop of the Nazi Occupation of Athens, two hundred proud inmates of the gloomy Chaidari prison met their fates in the blood-stained shooting range of Kaisariani. Among the patriotic Resistance fighters, Napoleon Soukatzidis, a polyglot Cretan of Asia Minor descent, and reluctant interpreter of the camp's German commander, Karl Fischer, found himself before a pressing dilemma; one that would threaten to shake his fervent beliefs. In retaliation for the murder of a high-ranking German official and his escorts, two hundred men died a horrible death. But, it is sweet and fitting to die for the homeland. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 