 The Last Thing He Wanted (2020)211) A veteran D.C. journalist loses the thread of her own narrative when a guilt-propelled errand for her father thrusts her from byline to unwitting subject in the very story she's trying to break. Adapted from Joan Didion's namesake novel. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elena McMahon, a reporter and her photographer Alma Guerrero are in Central America, 1982 El Salvador with a band of guerrillas. They pass scenes of death. The leader sends the two journalists along on their own to San Salvador, Elena telexes her story back to her paper. They hurry to a small plane and manage to fly away just before armed troops stop the plane. In 1984 Elena joins a lunch conference with Secretary of State George Shultz. Shultz grants her the last question, she tries to corner him on the Nicaragua situation, he deflects and glances over at Treat Morrison. After Shultz asks Morrison what is going on and warns him not to let it blow up. Elena calls her daughter Cat, at a boarding school. Elena has returned from the west coast, at her mother's funeral, they chat warmly. Editor Stuart James of the Atlantic Post tells Elena they will not reopen the El Salvador office, due to pressures from above, she is upset. He assigns her to the Reagan re-election campaign. Alma tells her to use it to her advantage. Then, her father calls and invites her to a bar, Elena goes to the Madison. They haven't been in touch for some time and Dick is surprised to hear Elena's mother recently passed away. Elena explains her life since he left; put herself through university, married, a daughter, divorce, breast cancer, moved to East Coast. She doesn't know exactly what he does apart from "supply chain". Dick says his partner Epperson just left and business is very good. Dick recalls their happy life in Havana before the Revolution. Elena travels with the Reagan campaign plane around the country, bored and avoiding the young journalists. In Cincinnati at a birthday party for George Shultz's wife, Elena manages to be there and is introduced to the SOS. He dismisses her with no comments. Later, at the State Department, Treat explains that Elena is a dogged reporter who managed to get in with the FMLF and knows all about Central America, she is useful as a bullhorn. A Senator's Staffer, Berquist has an opposite view and says they shouldn't be using 3rd parties. Treat says it is the State Department's responsibility, Shultz agrees. In Houston a weary McMahon rests in her hotel room. She finds an envelope under her bed cover, with 8x10 photos showing her father, and a sticky note warning her to back off. During a rally she meets with an old source, General Sharp. She shows the photos, he explains they are weapons, and gives her a tip that surplus National Guard weapons are being sold to Central America through Miami. Stuart talks to Elena long distance, she wants to get on the Nicaragua story but he stresses the election polls are more important. She takes another call regarding her father. Elena takes time off to see Dick, now in a hospital in Miami. Dick is ill, incoherent and showing some dementia. He asks for her help on his deal with Epperson. Elena goes to Dick's house, a modest tract bungalow. The fridge is empty except for a beer, she makes herself at home and cries. After a shower she finds an old hatbox with her childhood snapshots. At the hospital Dick is given a mental test and is able to be discharged. He explains he has borrowed $500k from some rough types hoping to make $1million and pay them off with a nice profit. Elena calls Alma to have her look into Max Epperson. The next day she goes to a marina and waits by Dick's boat. Barry Sedlow watches her, then approaches, he offers a smoke and asks about Dick's health. He explains he has arranged for her to meet someone at the Clipper Club, the 1st Class PanAm Lounge at the airport. The blonde hostess is ready and shows her a seat inside. Various folks are busy with their own affairs, a man in a white suit chats on a phone, Elena overhears something about El Salvador and $92million. A Latin man in a cowboy hat and gold necklace sits at the bar and watches her. Elena waits but the only person who comes to her is another hostess who kicks her out. Sedlow says she got herself "noticed" . Dick is home, grumpy and complaining about the personal services workers. At night she hears footsteps and takes a gun to investigate, its just Dick arriving home from some trip out. Dick wants to retire and take his boat to Key Largo. He asks her to "fly down" and make the collection for him. She then goes to a warehouse area to meet Sedlow, who is unhappy with her, he shows her the cartons and cases of weapons, and to just get the money. Back at home, Dick is increasingly disjointed and tells her to mention Max Epperson if anything goes wrong. On 29 June at midnight S he boards an unmarked C130 cargo plane and flies south. Landing at an airstrip she wants to get paid. A young man demands to see the goods and asks her to open a box. She uses a crowbar revealing a box of Armalite automatic rifles. The man is happy and sings the old TV show Ballad of Paladin song. They open another box and test an anti personnel mine. Elena demands her money but the man laughs and goes away. A group of motorcycles arrive and a man drops a suitcase at her feet, inside are kilo bags of white powder. The pilot warns he is leaving in two minutes. Elena takes a bag and goes to an office trailer and sees a young Frenchman, Jones playing solitaire. She mentions Max Epperson as the C130 flies away. He seems willing to help her and takes her for a drive, they arrive at a Sandinista village. Jones goes off and Elena wanders around taking photos of the locals and soldiers. She overhears someone asking Jones why he brought her here. Jones returns and takes her away again in his Jeep, they argue and he pulls a gun. Elena gets frustrated and causes the Jeep to swerve, she grabs Jones' gun and leaves him by the roadside, firing a warning shot. Much later she arrives in a town, she leaves the jeep and takes her bag including the one bag of white powder from the airstrip. She finds a dress shop and buys local clothing. In a phone booth she calls Alma who hasn't found anything on Max Epperson. Elena mentions a cocaine connection and says she will do some digging. Alma has found about a man named Bob Weir who seems to show up in hot zones, they think he is CIA. Elena checks into a hotel and gives her passport to the clerk. Awhile later the phone rings, Sedlow has tracked her down, she is in San Jose, Costa Rica in one of only two English hotels in town. He explains it will take a while to get the $1million in traveler's checks as there is a lot of paperwork, she scoffs at his excuse. Sedlow says he'll get her a plane ticket home. In the USA Alma interviews Treat Morrison, he says they are fighting communism. She asks about secret cargo flights to Costa Rica for the Contras. He denies any knowledge and says if so, it is unofficial. In the morning Elena wakes to find an envelope under the door, inside is a passport and airplane ticket, she leaves and takes a cab. At the airport Elena shuffles forward in line and notices the passport and ticket are for Elise Myers as she flips the pages. The taxi driver she used comes up, just as she is at the Customs Agent, saying she forgot her bag, she rejects the handbag he offers declaring it a mistake. In the confusion Elena slips away from the Customs as the bag opens to show the bag of cocaine. Alma looks for Dick in Miami but a nurse says he is not there, taken back to a hospital. Someone canceled the PSW. Shultz meets with Morrison reading his personnel file and says he has an "executive" level future. He puts down Berquist as only a House Congressman at best, but advises Treat to let Berquist continue with his side project. Elsewhere, Berquist gives a Hispanic man a bundle of cash. Shultz tells Treat to clean his plate, metaphorically. Elena has made her way to Antigua and takes a cab to the Ramada. She calls Cat to apologize for her absence. The man from the PanAm Clipper Club watches the Ramada from a car outside. Elena then goes to the Intercon Hotel to check-in. Elena reads a newspaper and notices an obituary item, Richard McMahon is dead at age 64. Elena goes to the US Embassy. They are closed for 4th July holiday, the guard will not help her replace her lost passport. Elena has a drink at the Intercon bar and is joined by Treat Morrison. He is friendly and wonders what she is up to, knowing about her passport problem. Elena opens up to him, Treat's wife had passed from cancer, and later they have sex. Treat says he can get her back home tomorrow. In the morning Elena goes for a lounge chair by the pool, Jones calls out her name just before men with AK-47s start spraying the pool area. Jones and Elena take cover and scramble to safety, he drives her away. The cowboy hat man from the Clipper Club watches and follows Jones, who manages to escape. After stopping, Jones says Dick was setup and was supposed to be the one shot. He doesn't understand why she didn't fly home from Costa Rica even with the fake passport, she admits all she has left is the story. Jones shows respect for combat journalists and offers to let her stay a couple of days. Elena calls Alma to pass a message for her ex to go get Cat from the school. Alma tells her she has heard there is a French Intelligence Officer down there looking into the same Case. They realize the pool shooting was meant for her. Elena looks at Jones and scared, runs away. She takes a local bus and finds a phone to call Cat. Treat knocks on her door and has arranged a safe place for her. Down the coast away she is dropped off at a run down beach resort, run by a loopy Paul Shuster. He thinks she is there to work and assigns her some jobs, getting the morning papers and painting lounge chairs. They drink and chat at night, Paul talks about his past political activities around the Carribean, Bob Weir was his benefactor. Elena takes notes, writing her story and hides the journal in her bedroom. Days pass by, one day Paul says a friend will be joining them for dinner. In the evening he entertains a young man by the pool, she leaves them alone, then goes to snoop in Paul's office. She finds a business card from Mark Berquist, but is seen by a chambermaid. More days pass by. One evening she hears a man talking to Paul and he uses a phrase about "driving cattle through a fence". She has heard it before at the Sandinista camp. She then recalls meeting a Max Epperson years before at one of her childhood bday parties and recalls the man in white at the Clipper Club. Elena is afraid and runs away. She goes to Treat and says Bob Weir is there. Treat says a plane will take her away tomorrow, a car will pick her up at 6 pm , to be ready and have her notes and film. Elena calls Cat one more time. Going back to the resort she sees her room is torn apart, her journal is safe though, she leaves it on the dresser, then goes to see Paul. Jones is creeping about with a gun. Shuster is dead, shot in the head at his desk. Shots ring out and Jones takes cover. Coming out when it sounds clear, Elena goes to her room, the journal is gone. Stunned, she walks away. At the pickup spot Treat calls out to her, raises a gun and shoots Elena, she falls into the sea wondering what happened. Treat gives a false statement in Washington sadly blaming Elena and not sure why she broke bad. Jones gives a verbal report to his bosses in Paris saying Elena was just caught in the middle. Jones had taken Elena's journal and sent it to Alma, who begins typing the story. 