 Plus One (I) (2019)321) In order to survive a summer of wedding fever, longtime single friends, Ben and Alice, agree to be each other's plus one at every wedding they've been invited to. Twenty somethings, Ben King and Alice Mori, who have close friends since college, reunite after a long time apart at the wedding of two mutual friends. Despite the happiness of the event, the two are both facing the toughest challenge either of them have ever faced: Summer; the season of weddings. Alice is dreading this, as she has been recently dumped by her longtime boyfriend and is now without a date to every wedding she is obliged to attend. For Ben, a half hopeful, half hopless romantic, he's simply biding his time and complacently waiting for his perfect match to walk into his life, much to the displeasure of his friends, all of whom are pushing forward in life and getting married themselves, and especially his father, whose own wedding is fast approaching. With both of them needing to attend the weddings they're invited to, they agreed to be each others' plus one at each wedding to save face, ward off inquisitive friends, help Alice get over her ex's absence in her life and help Ben find his seemingly perfect match. However, across the summer; the two eventually realize that sometimes your permanent 'plus one' isn't the person whom you expect to find in life. ndnight Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plus One is a 2019 American romantic comedy film, written, directed, and produced by Jeff Chan and Andrew Rhymer in their directorial debuts. It stars Maya Erskine, Jack Quaid, Beck Bennett, Rosalind Chao, Perrey Reeves and Ed Begley Jr.. The endearing romantic comedy "Plus One" begins with a collection of wedding toasts that appear to be real-life examples drawn from YouTube. The settings and speakers are varied, but the mood is the same. There are knowing but tender jokes about the bridal couple. After that Ben (Jack Quaid) is rehearsing his best man toast, trying out his story of trying to stay up all night at a sleepover with the groom when they were kids. Ben is trying it out on his college friend Alice (Maya Erskine). He says that the purpose of a best man toast is "one man's heartfelt truth spoken publicly to another man who happens to be getting married and leaving me behind forever." Like Owen Wilson and Rachel McAdams in yet another wedding-themed romantic comedy, "Wedding Crashers," she tells him his speech is a huge mistake. "A wedding speech is just making people laugh," she says. And since there is a girl from his past at the wedding he wants to impress, the one-who-got-away girl he almost got together with in college, he takes Alice's advice. The toast is a hit. But it is too late for the one who got away because she is now even farther away; she's engaged. Ben is embarrassed and lonely. And Alice has just gone through a terrible break-up. Wedding season looms. And so they agree to be each other's plus one for the rest of the season, ten in all. Each serves as the other's date to help them navigate speeches, photo booths and prospective hookups until they realize they have great chemistry with each other. 