 Infamous (2020)321) Two young lovers rob their way across the southland, posting their exploits to social media and gaining fame and followers as a result. Living in a small Florida town and working at a diner was never Arielle's (Bella Thorne) dream life. She's always wanted more. Fame. Popularity. Admiration. When she falls for a recently-paroled young criminal named Dean, she drags him back into a life of danger, learning that posting their criminal exploits on social media is an easy way to viral fame. Obsessed with their rising number of followers, they embark on a dangerous adventure together that leads to robbery, cop chases, and even murder. Heading to Hollywood, the City of Stars, they will realize what it takes to become famous and must decide if this dangerous lifestyle is really worthwhile. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arielle lives in Florida with her mother Janet, who has a deadbeat boyfriend named Bobby. Arielle enjoys social media and has few followers. One night, she goes to a party where she gets into a fight and beats up a girl while everyone at the party films the fight and posts it on social media. Arielle immediately gains 147 new followers. Dean Taylor is new to town and stays with his father. Arielle meets him while he is working on his car. They spend time together at a party, where Dean reveals he was in prison for armed robbery and assault, and that his parole requires him to be with his father since his mother is dead. His father is an abusive drunk. She tells him how badly she wants to get out of Florida and go to Hollywood to be famous. One day, Arielle finds all her saved money missing. Right away, she bursts into Janet's room where she and Bobby are in bed. Arielle accuses Bobby of stealing her money and attacks Bobby, but Bobby pushes her and she hits her head against the wall. Arielle leaves after threatening to kill him. She goes to Dean's home and finds his father beating him. Arielle tries to intervene but again gets hit on her head after getting thrown to the ground. Dean fights his father who ends up falling down the stairs and dies after hitting his head. Arielle and Dean begin to leave town right away but realizing that they have no money, they decide to rob a gas station with Dean's gun. Arielle live streams as Dean commits the robbery. Dean is unaware of being live streamed. Arielle sees that her social media account has three thousand followers. Dean becomes angry when he learns that Arielle has been live streaming their crimes, but Arielle says she used IP blocker and did not show their faces. She says it will lead to fame and money. Still short on money, Dean suggests they rob a dispensary next. This time, Dean films as Arielle does the robbing. With more crimes filmed, Arielle's account gains over three million followers. Eventually, the police identify them and Dean and Arielle see their faces on the news. Dean is angry about the social media, but Arielle is elated to be famous. On the road, they get pulled over, and Dean tells Arielle not to start anything. When the officer goes to check their IDs, Arielle exits the car and shoots the officer. Arielle and Dean go into hiding for a while and this leads to Arielle losing her subscribers and followers. Dean and Arielle get into an argument where Dean tries to make her realize about how serious of a crime she committed whereas Arielle says that she did it for him but Dean disagrees as he thinks she did it for fame. Even though they have enough money and do not need anymore, Arielle still goes off on her own to commit a robbery at a gas station and accidentally kills a customer who startled her. The clerk manages to grab a gun and shoots Arielle in the shoulder as she flees. Dean is extremely upset that everyone now knows where they are. The police have found them and thus begins a car chase and a shootout. They realize that they left their money behind. Once they get away from the police, Dean removes the bullet from her shoulder. Arielle takes pictures of her wounds for her followers, making Dean angry again. Dean blames Arielle for the whole situation since her coming over led to his father's death. Arielle slaps him repeatedly and then kisses him. A woman driving by sees Arielle and the broken down truck. She pulls over to help and Arielle pulls out her gun and says they need a place to stay for a night. Elle reveals she follows Arielle online and that she knew who they were before she pulled up. At Elle's place, Dean asks her why she follows Arielle. Elle explains that her life has not worked out and that people find them empowering. Dean tells her no one should want to be like them. The next day, Elle drives them through a police checkpoint. Once they are through, they give Elle a bottle of water and take her car, directing her to walk back to the gas station they passed and to report her car stolen to get the insurance reimbursement. Elle wants to go with them, but Dean refuses. Arielle takes a picture with her and posts it, telling her lots of people are going to want to talk to her after that. Arielle and Dean drive off. Later, they stop at the home of Kyle, Dean's contact. Kyle's crew plans to rob a bank but needs an extra gunmen. Arielle wants in, but Dean thinks it is a bad idea. He wants to leave and go to Mexico, but Arielle holds firm, wanting the money and the followers. Dean makes Arielle promise that if they do this job she will leave with him after. During the robbery, even though Kyle insisted on no social media, Arielle streams it to her five million followers. On the other hand, Kyle becomes upset after not being able to find the money they expected and in anger shoots a bank worker. As they are about to leave, they find cops already outside surrounding the bank. Kyle realizes it is because Arielle streamed the bank robbery and (accidentally) the name of the bank. Kyle and his crew get into a shootout with Arielle and Dean where Kyle and Dean end up shooting each other and both die. The police arrest Arielle and as they bring her out of the bank, she sees hundreds of fans and followers with signs cheering her, giving her fame that she always wanted. (copied from Wikipedia) 