 American Wisper (2020)321) In June 2016, a loving family was found shot to death at their suburban home in Northern New Jersey, and discovered by father and husband Josiah Wisper - a brash businessman who owned bars, restaurants and real estate in Harlem, New York. 'Wisper' is the true of the murder of a middle-class African American family. In June 2016, three children and their mother were found shot to death at their suburban home in Northern New Jersey, and discovered by father and husband Josiah Wisper - a brash businessman who owned bars, restaurants and real estate in Harlem, N.Y. Josiah Wisper was eventually ruled out as a suspect by law enforcement officials, but never in the eyes of those in his community, the people he had known for nearly half his life. Josiah quickly embarks on a search to find out who killed his family. His personal video recordings and diaries take us to family, friends, police precincts, newspapers, drug dens, and street-gang hangouts - all in the hope of piecing together the clues needed to solve this tragic crime. Wisper's "on-camera" journey takes us on a roller-coaster ride of emotions leading to a shocking conclusion - and Josiah's final discovery of what it takes to be a man. 'Wisper' is inspired by true events, and is directed by Russ Emanuel and produced by Howard Nash. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Wisper is the true story of the murder of a middle-class African American family in Northern New Jersey. In the summer of 2016, three children and their mother were found shot to death in their large suburban home in a close, but integrated neighborhood bordering on NYC. They were discovered by father and husband Josiah Wisper- a brash businessman who owned bars, restaurants, stores and real estate, in Harlem, New York. Wisper immediately became the prime suspect in the case, or what is more commonly known as "A Person of Interest". Wisper was eventually ruled out as a suspect by police and law enforcement officials, but never in the eyes of those in the Harlem community- his relatives, friends, and people he had known for nearly half his life. Josiah quickly embarks on a search to find out who murdered his family. His personal and original video recordings, journals and diaries take us to family, friends, police precincts, newspapers drug dens, gun stores and street-gang hangouts- all in the hope of piecing together the clues needed to solve this shocking and tragic crime. Wisper's "on-camera" journey takes us on a roller coaster ride of emotions leading to a horrifying conclusion- and Josiah's final discovery of what it takes to be a man. Wisper is inspired by true events, and based on withheld police reports issued at the time. The film is directed by Russ Emanuel and produced by Howard Nash. Executive Producers are Christopher Bell, Joseph DiRenzo and Mary Jane Bulseco. The screenplay was written by Howard Nash and Rodney Cavin. 