 The Fanatic (2019)321) A rabid film fan stalks his favorite action hero and destroys the star's life. The story is inspired by a real-life fan who pursued Limp Bizkit's frontman Fred Durst many years ago, and the screenplay was written by Durst and Dave Bekerman. It follows Moose (played by John Travolta), who gets cheated out of meeting his favorite action hero, Hunter Dunbar (played by Devon Sawa). Moose then hunts down Dunbar to get the celebrity interaction he feels he deserves. Harmless at first, Moose's actions begin to take a dark turn. Against the advice of his friend Leah (Ana Golja), Moose begins to make frequent visits to his hero's private home. As the visits continue to escalate, Dunbar finds himself in increasing danger. Tiboriyo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Moose is an autistic man and works as a street performer on Hollywood Boulevard. Moose is also an avid movie fan, especially of the action film actor Hunter Dunbar. When Moose finally gets an opportunity to meet him and get an autograph, he is rejected when Dunbar's ex-wife comes to abruptly see him. Moose is friends with a young paparazzi photographer, Leah, who shows Moose an app that publishes home addresses of famous celebrities, including his hero. Moose goes to Dunbar's house and tries to give him a letter in search of an autograph. Dunbar confronts Moose and tells him to stay out of his neighborhood. Moose comes back again and climbs a fence, but is scared off by Dunbar's housekeeper. Moose keeps returning and eventually gains entry to the house after accidentally pushing the housekeeper into a stone fountain, killing her. Moose is again rejected by Dunbar, who calls Moose a stalker and threatens to shoot Moose if he sees him in the neighborhood again. Moose returns and ties up Dunbar while he sleeps. When Dunbar awakens he sees Moose lying on the floor, appearing to have killed himself, only for Moose to start laughing and get up. Next, Moose dresses up in a Jason Voorhees mask and pretends to stab Dunbar, but his blade is revealed to be a retractable prop knife, again fooling Dunbar. Dunbar pleads for Moose to untie him with promises of autographs and friendship, and he does. Dunbar attacks and nearly kills Moose, shooting off his fingers with a hidden rifle and stabbing him in the eye. Moose starts to cry and after a seeming change of heart, Dunbar spares Moose and lets him leave. Moose wanders the streets of Hollywood, sobbing and passing tourists who request to take photos with him, believing his wounds to be a part of a realistic costume, before Leah takes him to the hospital. As the movie ends, Dunbar is seen being arrested for the murder of his housekeeper and for the attack on Moose. 