 Tanhaji: The Unsung Warrior (2020)Summaries Tanhaji Malusare, a military chieftain in the army of the Maratha king Shivaji, leads the charge to capture the strategically important Kondhana fort guarded by the army of the fierce Rajput chieftain Udaybhan Rathod. Tanhaji is an action epic about the titular Maratha warrior and Shivaji's military commander who lost his father in a battle and grew up to become a fierce warrior with powerful combat skills. When Mughal emperor Aurangzeb recruits his trusted guard Udaybhan to take control of the Kondhana Fort, Shivaji decides not to engage Tanhaji whose son is going to get married soon. However, as Tanhaji learns of Udaybhan's heading towards the fortress, he decides to take charge and stop the rival army from reaching their destination. This doesn't turn out to be easy as Udaybhan finds himself helped by people who don't want Tanhaji to succeed, resulting in battles and attacks that ensue as the plot unfolds. Prashast Singh In 1647, Tanhaji's father taught sword fight. Soon, he passed away. After 17 years, an adult Tanhaji, the right man of Shivaji Maharaj carries conquests on behalf of Shivaji Maharaj. Aurangzeb, the Mughal Ruler sends one of his powerful generals to crush the power of Marathas. Knowing that the General has a huge army, Shivaji Maharaj deals with the General to give the Mughals 23 forts including Kondana. Tanhaji tries to get his son married. Aurangzeb appoints Udaybhan Rathod as the fortkeeper. Meanwhile, Shivaji Maharaj are making war preparations to bring back Kondana and tells his generals not to disclose to Tanhaji. Tanhaji goes to Rajgad to invite Shivaji Maharaj for his son's wedding. A maratha general discloses the secret to Tanhaji. Udaybhan leaves for Kondana. Tanhaji asks Shivaji Maharaj to give him the mission to which he agrees. Udaybhan gets alert of the Marathas and sends his slaves dressed up as Mughals. Tanhaji and his men kill all the slaves. Udaybhan gets confirmed that the Marathas can attack him anytime. He reaches Kondana hurriedly. Tanhaji secretly goes on the Kondana fort but gets captured and is tortured by Udaybhan. Tanhaji escapes from there and returns to Rajgad to plan the final attack on Kondana. They start to climb the fort and start the war. Udaybhan gets to know of the attack and goes towards his cavalry. He sets the location on Rajgad but Tanhaji dives and cuts it while Udaybhan cuts his hand. Tanhaji ties a cloth on his broken hand and fights Udaybhan. He pushes Udaybhan in the valley leading to death. Getting the news that Tanhaji killed Udaybhan, Shivaji Maharaj reached on Kondana and rushed towards Tanhaji who bowed him and died. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 