 Sonchiriya (2019)Summaries Set in the Chambal valley, the film follows the story of a legion of dreaded, warring dacoits who once terrorized the Indian heartlands. This is the story of a group of rebels in Chambal. The year is 1975. The Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi, has declared Emergency in the country. Man Singh (Manoj Bajpayee) meanwhile leads a gang in Chambal, a region that more or less is lawless. Vakil Singh (Ranvir Shorey) and Lakhna (Sushant Singh Rajput) are important members of this gang. Man Singh is in need of money to procure new arms. Based on a tip from Lacchu (Jaspal Sharma), he and his men descend to Brahmpuri village. A marriage is taking place in this hamlet where the groom is about to get a huge amount of gold and cash. Man Singh and his gang reaches the marriage venue in order to loot this wealth. However, the cops, led by Virender Gujjar (Ashutosh Rana) ambush the gang. In the tough fight, Man Singh and half of the gang get killed. Vakil, Lakhna and others escape. Vakil, now the leader of the gang, accuses Lakhna of betraying them and calling the cops. Lakhna is fed up of being a rebel and wants to surrender. Meanwhile, as they are running from the cops, they bump into Indumati Tomar (Bhumi Pednekar). She's accompanied by her sister Sonchiriya (Khushiya) who has been brutally raped. Sonchiriya needs to be taken to the hospital urgently and she asks for Vakil's help. The gang agrees. They halt to seek blessings of their goddess at a temple where Indu's husband and other family members arrive. She is accused of killing her father-in-law and they ask the gang to hand over Indu and Sonchiriya. Vakil agrees but Lakhna realizes it's not just and hence revolts. What happens next forms the rest of the film. Maan Singh gets a tip from his informer that a bride will get huge dowry from her father at her wedding and asks him men to raid the venue,Maan Singh reaches with his gang who are attacked by Special Task Force officer Varinder Singh Gujjar where Maan Singh is shot dead in the attack.His gang is now divided into two where Lakhan wants to surrender to cops while Vakil wants revenge and is elected as the gangs leader while escaping from cops they come across Indumati who has shot her father in law for raping her little sister Sonchiriya and wants to take her to hospital they take her along.Indumati's family arrives to take her where Vakil agrees and Lakhan revolts thus creating a rift between the two Lakhan escapes with Indumati and two others where he tells her that saving Sonchiriya is important as the curse on their gang will go who had killed small children mistakenly while trying to attack Gujjar in his village since then their gang members are getting killed. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 