 Gundala (2019)Summaries Indonesia's preeminent comic book superhero and his alter ego Sancaka enter the cinematic universe to battle the wicked Pengkor and his diabolical squad of orphan assassins. Sancaka has lived on the streets since his parents left him. Living a hard life, Sancaka survives by thinking about his own safety. When the condition of the city gets worse and injustice rages throughout the country, Sancaka must decide whether he continues to live to look after himself or rise to become hero for the oppressed. The film that explores the origins of Gundala, Indonesia's preeminent superhero, unfolds on screen in writer-director Joko Anwar's latest film. A giant-size cinematic universe of comic-book characters whose astonishing exploits and uncanny abilities have for the past 50 years revealed even those of "Earth's mightiest heroes," is ushered in with magnificent scope and exhilarating action. Preserving the core premise of Harya "Hasmi" Suraminta's popular series Gundala Putra Petir, Anwar shrewdly re-conceives the source material to more relevantly reflect the country's current sociopolitical milieu and uniquely soaks the ascension of this storm-fueled warrior in a dread-filled atmosphere that recalls the director's frequent forays into horror. Originally a riff on the brilliant scientist-turned-avenger archetype, Gundala's alter-ego Sancaka (Abimana Aryasatya) is now recast as the orphaned son of defiant labor unionists. Hardened by street brawls and disillusioned by years of civic unrest, he lives a life of guarded seclusion until a few fortuitous lightning strikes literally instill in him the supernatural power to finally make a difference. Per comic-book tradition, a hero is only as good as his villain, so enter the nefarious Pengkor: a Luthorian (as in Lex) intellect whose tragic past has left him disfigured, vindictive, and in secret command of thousands of orphan assassins(!). Now that he's architect to a rogues' gallery of eccentric fiends - a crackerjack ensemble that includes the film's fight choreographer Cecep Arif Rahman (The Raid 2, John Wick 3) - it isn't long before Pengkor's dastardly designs lure Sancaka into his orbit and a cavalcade of electrifying fisticuffs erupt. Toronto International Film Festival It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 