 Tumbbad (2018)44) A mythological story about a goddess who created the entire universe. The plot revolves around the consequences when humans build a temple for her first-born. Set in Tumbbad in the 1920s, the story revolves around the three generations of a family facing the consequences when they build a temple for the first-born of a goddess, named Hastar--he who must not be worshiped. Hastar is a terrible entity who can curse a person yet also can grant gold coins. And the story put emphasis on human nature and the never ending greed. The myth of Hastar is, when the Goddess of Prosperity created the world she gave birth to Hastar followed by 16 Crore Gods and Goddesses. Hastar being her first born was her favorite child, but Hastar was very greedy. When the Goddess of Prosperity offered Hastar the ownership of all the gold in the universe or all the food, he took the gold as well as tried to take over the food in his greed fighting with his brothers and sisters. The 16 crore gods and goddesses overpowered Hastar and when they tried to kill him, the Goddess of Prosperity intervened and begged for his life. The 16 crore gods and goddesses accepted her request on one condition, that Hastar will never be mentioned in the Puranas nor he should be ever worshiped. Goddess of prosperity a symbol of wealth and food had given birth to around 160 Crore children when universe was created her most closest child was first born Hatsar who was hungry for gold and food.He managed to acquire gold from his mother but was attacked by others when he tried to gain food and was saved by his mother he was forgiven on a condition that he wont ever be worshiped like others and would be forgotten in history.In 1918 Vinayak's mother serves Sarkar sexual favors at his Wada for gold coin while at home she has two sons Vinayak and Sadashiv and taking care of a demon Sarkar's great grandmother who knows about hidden treasure in Wada.After Sarkar passes away Vinayak's mother decides to leave the village with him and Sadashiv but Vinayak is hungry for the hidden treasure and wants to know from the demon Sadashiv passes away due to accident and both leave the village with Vinayak promising his mother never to return Tumbbad.Fourteen years later a grown up Vinayak is in debts and returns to Tumbbad to find the treasure he sees the demon is still alive and a tree has come up on her body she tells him about the hidden treasure which leads in womb of the goddess where Hastar sleeps.The Demon tells Vinayak that he will have to give her salvation after he leads the path and also warns that he will be cursed like her if he touches the treasure.For years Vinayak starts taking gold from Wada and at a certain age he is not that fit an active and starts to train his son Pandurang for the same. alex.mjacko@gmail.com The story is based on the Indian mythology of a demon who is loaded with gold but deprived of food. One family has been able to revive the demon by building a temple inside an isolated mansion due to which the family gets ostracized but only an old man stays alone with the idol of the demon. The mistress of the old man do visit the mansion everyday. The house of the family is walking distance away from the mansion which is inhabited by the mistress and her two kids along with the great great grandmother of the old man who is being cursed to live forever after the bite of the demon and the old hag needs to be fed regularly while she is asleep or she might resort to cannibalism. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 