 Corporate Animals (2019)431) CEO Lucy takes her staff on corporate team building in some underground desert caves in New Mexico. They get stuck there. Lucy ( Demi Moore ) is the egotistical megalomaniac CEO of Incredible Edibles, America's premier provider of edible cutlery. In her infinite wisdom, Lucy leads her staff including her long-suffering assistants, Freddie ( Karan Soni ) and Jess ( Jessica Williams ), on a corporate team-building caving weekend to New Mexico. When disaster strikes, not even their useless guide, Brandon ( Ed Helms ), can save them. Trapped underground by a cave-in, this mismatched and disgruntled group must pull together in order to survive. Team-building trips are the work of the devil. And if you think that's not true, try telling it to the staff from the edible cutlery company run by the self-centered Lucy Vanderton, sent on a day-trip that ends with all of them trapped in a cave; an ideal scenario for labor unrest to literally lead to cannibalism. The director of Creep orchestrates a very black comedy headed by a wonderfully detestable Demi Moore. Sitges Film Festival Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lucy is the abusive, unethical, egotistical CEO of Incredible Edibles, America's premiere provider of edible cutlery. In an effort to save her failing company, she forces her employees on a team building exercise in New Mexico beginning with the task of moving a giant concrete boulder on to a truck. After failing to push the boulder, they attempt to use a large log as a lever to roll the boulder. This attempt also fails as the log snaps, shooting a piece into Aidan's (the intern)leg. Following this failed exercise, the team embarks on a hike led by Brandon, their indifferent tour guide. While Brandon suggests they take the beginner's route, Lucy instead forces everyone down the advanced route into a nearby cave system. After spelunking through a narrow passageway, the group enter into a large cavern which is lit by a small generator. As the group explores the cavern, a small earthquake occurs, unnerving the group. Panicked, Brandon tries to leave through the now even more narrow entrance but is crushed to death by an aftershock which loosens the boulders above him. Trapped inside the cave, the group quickly descends into chaos. Aidan begins hallucinating. The group explain Freddie's nickname (FT) actually means "Fuck Toy" because Freddie and Lucy maintain a sexual relationship, albeit Freddie reveals that Lucy is actually "Weinsteinning him." We also learn that Lucy's company is in dire financial trouble, that Lucy steals the group's good ideas, and that she refuses to give Gloria a one dollar bill to use as toilet paper (despite the fact that it is her birthday). Following these revelations, the group expresses their immense hatred toward Lucy, who arrogantly defends herself. Having only had one package of edible cutlery which Aidan brought, the group quickly run out of food and decide to cannibalize Brandon. As they begin to parcel out his body, they discover he is missing an arm which is eventually found among Lucy's things. After this, Lucy loses complete control of the group. The situation becomes worse when the generator runs out of power, plunging the group into darkness. Lucy assaults Jess after a verbal confrontation and Freddie pushes Lucy in an effort to help Jess. Lucy falls and hits her head on a rock on the ground, becoming immobile. As she lays on the ground, Lucy threatens and belittles Freddie. The group then hears a drill at the top of the cave, and Jess rallies the workers in moving a large rock with a lever in order to hurry along their rescue. The rock falls and crushes Lucy just as the drill punches through the top of the cave. In the ensuing interview, the group recounts their experience, lying about Lucy's demeanor and Brandon's behavior so that they appear better than they were. (copied from Wikipedia) 