 Portrait of a Lady on Fire (2019)761) On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman. In 18th century France a young painter, Marianne, is commissioned to do the wedding portrait of Hlose without her knowing. Therefore, Marianne must observe her model by day to paint her portrait at night. Day by day, the two women become closer as they share Hlose's last moments of freedom before the impending wedding. France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of Hlose, a young woman who has just left the convent. Because she is a reluctant bride-to-be, Marianne arrives under the guise of companionship, observing Hlose by day and secretly painting her by firelight at night. As the two women orbit one another, intimacy and attraction grow as they share Hlose's first moments of freedom. Hlose's portrait soon becomes a collaborative act of and testament to their love. Brittany, France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of reluctant bride-to-be Hlose under the guise of a hired companion. Observing Hlose by day and discreetly interpreting her essence by night, their intimacy blossoms as the portrait progresses towards its inevitable completion. Mae Moreno In late 18th century France, painter Marianne is commissioned by a countess to paint the wedding portrait of her daughter Hlose. While posing as her hired companion, Marianne is instructed to complete the portrait in secret. However, intimacy and attraction begin to blossom between both women. yusufpiskin 18th century France. A young painter, Marianne, arrives on an island to paint the portrait of Heloise, a woman soon to be married. Heloise does not know a portrait is being made of her. Over time the relationship between the two young women deepens. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the end of the eighteenth century, Marianne, a young painter, is teaching painting lessons. One of her students asks her about a painting of hers, which Marianne calls "Portrait de la jeune fille en feu." Years previously, Marianne arrives on an isolated island in Brittany. She had been commissioned to paint a portrait of a young woman named Hlose, who is to be married off to a Milanese nobleman. Marianne is informed that Hlose has previously refused to pose for portraits, as she does not want to be married; she had been living in a convent before the suicide of her older sister necessitated her return and her betrothal. Marianne acts as Hlose's hired companion to be able to paint her in secret, and accompanies her on daily walks to memorize Hlose's features. Marianne finishes the portrait, but finds herself unable to betray Hlose's trust and reveals her true reason for arriving. After Hlose criticises the painting, which does not seem to portray her true nature, Marianne destroys the work. Hlose's mother is shocked to hear that Hlose is willing to pose for Marianne over the next few days. While her mother leaves for Italy, Hlose and Marianne's bond grows. One evening, they read the story of Orpheus and Eurydice while debating the true reason why Orpheus turned around to look at his wife. The pair help Sophie, a maid, have an abortion, and the three go to a bonfire gathering where women sing and dance, during which Hlose's dress briefly catches fire. Meanwhile, Marianne is haunted throughout the house by visions of Hlose in a wedding dress. The next day, Marianne and Hlose go to a cave and share their first kiss, and passionately make love later that night. Over the next few days, their romance grows stronger. However, it is cut short by the inevitable return of Hlose's mother. Marianne sketches drawings of each of them to remember each other, and bids a short farewell. As Marianne runs out of the house, she hears Hlose say, "Turn around". She turns around and sees Hlose in her wedding dress, appearing exactly as she did in the visions that haunted Marianne earlier. In the present, Marianne reveals she saw Hlose two more times. The first time was at a gallery in the form of a portrait, where Hlose was shown with a child and surreptitiously holding a book showing only the edge of page 28, recalling a self-portrait of Marianne she requested on that page. The second time was at a concert, where Hlose and Marianne sat across from one another. Although Hlose did not notice Marianne, she was overwhelmed with emotion as the orchestra played the Presto from "Summer" from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, which Marianne had previously played for her on a harpsichord. 