 Qismat (2018)211) A man falls in love whilst studying in Chandigarh, despite his marriage being arranged to another woman. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts in a marriage where Shivjit is asking his parents to send him Chandigarh after failing twice in B.A. and promised he will pass the exams if they would send him. Hence, he went to Chandigarh where instead of studying started blushing on every girl. There he met Bani, who is a modern girl in his neighbor and he started blushing on her but later learns that she is cheated by her old boyfriend who was also in relation with other girl. Bani decided to make him her boyfriend to make her ex feel jealous and they succeed but while this they fall in love with each other. Bani's father wants to have an arranged marriage of her daughter because of her past relation. Shivjit sends a letter to Bani in which he wrote that she should marry a guy whom she wants, instead of whom she doesn't know. But, a letter is received by her father who is also SHO at police station. His father warns Shiva to stay away from her and leave their neighborhood. Circumstances changes quickly as Bani's health deteriorates after being separated from Shivjit. Her father has no option but to go fetch Shivjit who can make her feel happy & help her during the recovery. Meanwhile, Shivjit's marriage is fixed but Bani's father somehow convinces Shivjit's family to take him away for some days in the days of his need. As the Shivjit's time run out according to the days Bani's father asked for him, he has to return to his place. After returning Shivjit still thinks about Bani's health & he can't focus anywhere else. As he already told his to be bride about the love story between him & Bani, she thinks its better if Shivjit goes & takes care of Bani as he is always sad & lost in pain which in no way making her happy. After positive reply from the bride, Shivjit happily plans about marrying Bani whatever happens, he hires a car & band to propose her at the hospital itself. But as he reaches the hospital, Bani is passed away & he becomes depressed as a result of this. The ending shows Shivjit mourning with Bani's family. 