 Majili (2019)55) After being abandoned by his lover, Anshu, Poorna takes to alcohol and is forced to marry his neighbour, Sravani. However, he soon discovers her unrequited love for him and falls for her. Poorna in his teenage had an ambition to be part in cricket team of Railway zone. He accidentally meets Anshu and both fall in love. But their dreams were shattered as Anshu leaves Poorna due to her family pressure. Poorna broken, waits for her and fails in career and life. Present, 35 year old Poorna, married but still broken-hearted neglects his wife Shravani and spends most of the time aimless at the cricket ground and the bar. After an incident, Poorna decides to be a cricket coach and in the process he brings order to his life and starts loving his wife. An alcoholic and a failed cricketer, Poorna is a nuisance in his neighbourhood, burden for his father and a wound that needs to be nursed for his wife. His wound runs deep as its not physical, but an emotional trauma caused by a love story which changes him forever. Poorna is a youngster with a passion for cricket. He falls in love with Anshu, but the pair get separated by their parents, driving Poorna into depression. He eventually gets married to Sravani, who has long since had unrequited feelings towards him. The unfulfilled dream of a cricket career and a failed romance leaves Poorna disillusioned and puts a strain on his family life. Despite the support and encouragement of his newlywed wife, he fails to appreciate the blessings in his life. Nursing his wounds, Poorna takes up the task of training his former lover's daughter and in the process discovers his feelings towards his wife and her unrequited love towards him. Santhosh Poorna is a youngster with a passion for cricket, he falls in love with Anshu, but the pair get separated by their parents, driving Poorna into depression. He eventually gets married to Sravani, who has always loved him. The unfulfilled dream of a cricket career and a failed romance leaves Poorna disillusioned and puts a strain on his family life. Despite the support and encouragement of his newlywed wife, he fails to appreciate the blessings in his life. Nursing his wounds, Poorna takes up the task of training his former lover's daughter and in the process discovers his feelings towards his wife and her love for him. Shrinivas G. Kulkarni It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 