 Despite Everything (2019)321) Four different sisters who all have their own little secrets attend their mother's funeral in Madrid, where the will reveals that their dad was not their biological father, so they go on a quest together seeking their biological father(s). Sisters Sara, Luca, Sofa, and Claudia are modern women with very different personalities who come together at their mother's funeral, after which they discover that the man they all called "dad" is not really their father. They embark on a quest to discover who their real fathers are, discovering more about themselves, their mother, and their lives. Netflix Media Center Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DESPITE EVERYTHING, the movie starts with four daughters finding out that their mother Carmen (Marisa Paredes) has died. Four unique daughters with separate lives and personalities. Sara (Blanca Surez) is a fashion executive in New York, City. Claudia (Beln Cuesta) who keeps it a secret that her husband has left and is seeking a divorce. Sofia (Amaia Salamanca) is the only gay sister and does not want to bring her girlfriend to the funeral. Then the fourth sister, Lucia (Macarena Garca) is a sexually adventurous woman who has few tie downs in her life and it shows. The mother is a successful woman and the four sisters must go to the attorney's office to see how the estate will be divided. When there he the lawyer plays a video of Carmen disclosing to her daughters that she has hidden that they each have their own biological father. Furthermore the requirement to get their portion of the inheritance they all need to go out to seek, find and meet their fathers. They had always thought that Pedro is their father, he's not. Good moments include Sara gets reunited with Alejandro (Maxi Iglesias), the love of her life whom she thought would follow her to the U.S. but did not. Very Handsome man with crystal blue eyes and wavy hair. It is great to watch these four mostly estranged sisters come together again. Searching unlikely places like to a monastery to talk to a monk who turns out to be the father of a the gay and atheist, Sofia . Also the transsexual cafe owner who becomes a sounding board for Lucia, provides a twist at the end of the film (one that was somewhat predictable) that she is her biological dad. It is a fun English Dubbed Spanish movie to watch and enjoy. Lighthearted and simple story not to take too seriously. Entertaining and the sisters are drop dead gorgeous as well. Check it out you will be glad you did! - Martin Snytsheuvel 