 Brahms: The Boy II (2020)651) After a family moves into the Heelshire Mansion, their young son soon makes friends with a life-like doll called Brahms. The story is about a family moves to a house in a countryside after a son (Jude) and mother (Liza) both traumatised from an unexpected burglary. Jude finds a dirty, dusty porcelain doll and calls it Brahms. Everything then change in a sinister way because of the doll. daphleung Emotionally and physically scarred after a horrific home invasion in the middle of the night, Liza, and her husband, Sean, leave London to protect their silent young son, Jude. To wipe the slate clean and bury the past, the family moves into the secluded Heelshire Mansion, utterly unaware of its horrifying history, and the shocking events that took place in The Boy (2016) . However, pretty soon, the unsettling discovery of a hauntingly lifelike porcelain doll will set the stage for yet another series of inexplicable, hair-raising occurrences, as, more and more, traumatised Jude seems to find solace in Brahms: his inanimate, and inseparable, new friend. What ghastly secret is harbouring the boy with the lifeless eyes? Nick Riganas After a burglary in their house in London, Liza and her son Jude are traumatized: Lisa becomes frigid with her husband Sean and Jude a speechless boy. Liza and Sean decide to rekindle their lives moving to a house in the countryside nearby the Heelshire Mansion and Jude's psychiatrist Dr. Lawrence agrees that it would be benefit for him. While walking through the woods with Liza, Jude finds a buried porcelain doll and decides to keep it. Then they meet the groundkeeper Joseph and his dog Oz that walks with Liza and Jude home. Jude becomes obsessed for the doll that he calls Brahms and shows rules to be followed by the family that Brahms told him. Further, he changes his behavior and weird things happen in the house. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Young Jude didn't speak a word since he witnessed a robber brutalizing his mother Liza, who is no less traumatized and turned into a control freak. Seeking to revive family life, father Sean moves from their London home, where it happened, to the former guest house a banker renovated on the Heelshire Mansion, the deserted estate of an extinct family, patrolled only by manager Joseph 'Joe', a loner, and his German shepherd Oz. Everybody seems happier, and Jude takes to the life-size knave doll he digs out in the estate wood. Finding instructions, he names him Brahms and starts following his rules, a game turning into a burden, while Liza viciously opposes the development and blames Jude for inexplicable events, Brahms's doing. Sean does his best to do justice to both his charges, seeking advice again from psycho-therapist Dr. Lawrence. Things come to a bloody first climax when Oz is found gutted and uncle Liam visits, whose teen son Liam taunts 'doll-sissy' Jude to his peril, and Jude is drawn to the main house. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Liza and her son Jude survive a home invasion by two masked men, but are left traumatised by the event; Liza is plagued by nightmares, and Jude develops mutism, and is left communicating through a notepad. Liza's husband, Sean, suggests they relocate to the countryside to recuperate. The family move to a manor, unaware of its dark history. Arriving at the manor house, they explore the property and Jude finds a porcelain doll buried in the ground, while Liza and Sean explore a nearby mansion on the property. Realising that Jude is missing, Liza searches for him and finds him in possession of the doll. Encouraged by Jude's connection to it, Liza cleans "Brahms" off, making the doll look new. The next day, Liza and Sean take a walk around the property at Jude's request. They meet Joseph, the property caretaker, and his dog. Tensions fray when Sean urges Liza to talk about the events of the burglary, and she will not. Back in the house, Liza and Sean overhear Jude talking in his room. They ask if he's talking to Brahms and Jude writes 'yes' in his notepad. Weird events occur around the house, and Sean and Liza discuss a change in Jude's behaviour with their therapist. Joseph talks to Jude about his dog being missing, but no-one appears to have seen the dog. Liza finds disturbing pictures drawn by what she assumes is Jude. Later that evening, the family has dinner and Jude writes in his notepad that Brahms' plate is missing. Liza, upset about earlier, says that Brahms doesn't eat because he is a doll. Her and Sean argue in the kitchen and Sean leaves the room. She goes to sit with Jude at the table and tells him that he needs to stay at the table until he eats. He writes on his notepad that she is making Brahms mad. She leaves the dining room and hears a loud noise. She and Sean run into the room, finding the dining room table and chairs overturned. Jude, scared, wrote that he told Liza not to make Brahms mad. Arguing about Brahms and Jude, Sean and Liza disagree about the mysterious things that are happening. Jude leaves to the nearby mansion with Brahms in hand, leaving a note saying 'I told you not to make him mad'. Joseph finds Sean and Liza in the mansion and tells them briefly about a family that had lived there prior. He says that a boy named Brahms had lived there, who had killed two people and not left the mansion for 30 years. Shortly after, Sean's brother and his family come to visit. Will, Jude's cousin, gets mysteriously injured during the visit. Liza becomes even more upset. Joseph later hits Liza in the head, and she begs to know where Jude is. Joseph tells her that it will be over soon and that "Brahms and Jude are gonna be be one". She gets loose and goes to look for Jude in the mansion. Sean finds Liza and Jude in the basement and hit Brahms with a croquet stick, revealing a demonic, rotting area under his face. Joseph then starts to get scared and says that "It will never be over" and that Brahms will take it out on him, now that they stopped him. A furnace then explodes, killing Joseph but leaving the family unharmed. Walking over to Brahms, Jude throws him into the fire. Liza, Sean and Jude are soon back at their home in the city, and everything seems normal. However, after Jude is tucked in, he walks over to his dresser and puts on a porcelain mask. He wishes Brahms a good night, and says that everything will be fine if his family follows the rules. 