 Wander (I) (2020)431) After getting hired to probe a suspicious death in the small town of Wander, a mentally unstable private investigator becomes convinced the case is linked to the same 'conspiracy cover up' that caused the death of his daughter. Arthur Bretnik is a mentally unstable conspiracy theorist and private eye with a traumatic past. After being hired to investigate a possible murder cover up in the small town of Wander, Arthur is plunged into a world of lies and deceit, as he quickly suspects the murder may be part of the same 'conspiracy cover up' that caused the death of his daughter. Increasingly paranoid, Arthur's sanity is tested as he attempts to filter fact from fiction and solve the case, all the while questioning if he is a pawn in a much bigger game. Aaron Eckhart, Tommy Lee Jones and Heather Graham star in the edge-of-your-seat thriller following Arthur Bretnik, a paranoid private investigator with a troubled past. After Bretnik (Eckhart) is hired to investigate a suspicious death in the town of Wander, he becomes convinced the case is linked to the same 'conspiracy cover up' that caused the death of his daughter. Saban Films Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arthur Bretnik (Aaron Eckhart) is a mentally unstable conspiracy theorist and private investigator whose family was killed in a vehicle accident. Prior to becoming a conspiracy theorist, he was a detective who investigated the unusual death of an individual whose chest appeared to have something explode out of it, whose body was later stolen from the morgue. Bretnik and his friend Jimmy Cleats (Tommy Lee Jones) host a podcast that discusses conspiracy theories. One of the podcast's listeners, Elena Guzman (Deborah Chavez), hires Bretnik to investigate the death of her daughter, Zoe, in the small town of Wander, New Mexico, which she believes was a covered-up murder. When he arrives, he meets Sheriff Luis Santiago (Raymond Cruz) and attempts to investigate the incident, but becomes convinced that he is being followed and that the death may be part of the same "conspiracy cover up" that caused the death of his own daughter years prior. Bretnik's suspicions reach their peak when, after believing he is being followed by two men in an old Jeep Cherokee, he discovers it transporting a woman's body, which it moves into a derelict garage. When Bretnik goes to investigate, he discovers a series of underground rooms where people are trapped and implanted with microchips. Cleats arrives to investigate with Bretnik, and they discover that Elena and Zoe's identities are fake, they are actually both missing persons, Sofia and Martina Lopez. The two go to investigate; before going, Bretnik places an envelope in a mailbox. When Bretnik and Cleats arrive, Elena/Sofia violently attacks Bretnik and claims Cleats is involved before her microchip suddenly explodes, killing her; Cleats claims the "involvement" she mentioned is that he got her to report the death to Bretnik for money, and the two bury the woman's body in the desert. Bretnik and Cleats then go to acquire photographic proof of the garage's existence to expose it to the public. Meanwhile, Bretnik's lawyer, Shelly Luscomb (Heather Graham), discovers Bretnik's trailer and determines he has traveled to Wander. Bretnik and Cleats enter the underground laboratory... Later, Bretnik is involved in a shootout and is apprehended by the FBI agent Nick Cassidy (Brendan Fehr), who arrives with Shelly. Bretnik is questioned, where he explains what happened after he and Cleats arrived at the garage. When Bretnik and Cleats entered the underground laboratory, Bretnik learned the microchips are being used to control immigrants, minorities, and the lower class. However, the laboratory is attacked by one of the men from the Jeep, and Cleats was shot. However, Bretnik was saved by a woman named Elsa Viceroy (Katheryn Winnick), apparently from the CIA, and the two then met with Sheriff Santiago, who is revealed to also be working against the microchip operation. Elsa and Santiago explained that the victim whose body was stolen from when Bretnik was a detective, as well as Zoe, were both embedded with microchips. Bretnik, Elsa, and Santiago planned to assassinate the inventor of the microchips, Victor Canton (David Gibson), who was on a rare visit to Wander. Sheriff Santiago met with the inventor alongside the men from the Jeep at the garage, and then Elsa and Bretnik moved to ambush them. Elsa shot the others, including Sheriff Santiago, before allowing Bretnik to get revenge on the inventor for the deaths of his family and Cleats; Bretnik shot the inventor multiple times, killing him. Elsa then told Bretnik to clear the data of the computer inside the garage before leaving. Upon exiting the garage, Bretnik was promptly apprehended by Agent Cassidy. However, Shelly informs Bretnik that the medication he takes for his mental trauma causes anxiety and delusions, and tells him that the garage was fully derelict and empty, the morgue he investigated and found bodies in was not in use for years, and that Cleats' decapitated body was located in Bretnik's car. Bretnik, unable to believe whether his turn of events was true or if the entire investigation was simply a delusion, as well as faced with the possibility that he killed his friend, breaks down. Bretnik is placed in a holding cell awaiting placement in a mental institution. He is met in his cell by Elsa and an alive-and-well Cleats. They explain to Bretnik that the entire investigation was part of their plan: Bretnik was being used all along as a way to tie up loose ends. Bretnik's mental state allowed them to ensure he would continue to investigate, and allow them to pin any blame on the events in Wander on him. In the mental facility, Bretnik barricades himself in his room and digs in his chest with the point of a pen he'd stolen from a nurse. As he lies on the floor bleeding, he laughs and smiles; in his hand is his own microchip, proving his earlier fears that he himself had a microchip placed in him after the accident that killed his daughter. Meanwhile, the envelope Bretnik mailed earlier had been sent to Shelly. Inside the envelope is all of the evidence and photographs Bretnik took of the laboratory in the basement of the garage, which could allow the conspiracy to be exposed. (copied from Wikipedia) 