 Dug moru (2019 )321) Is the legend about the sea taking human offerings true? Are the two stones with the same sign carved in them to be blamed for all the events, or are the reasons hidden among people who are unaware of their mutual dark secret? Our story opens with a myth that every year seven people end up in the sea, because the sea is the beginning and the end of everything, it is the source of life and of survival, therefore a human sacrifice must be presented to it, willingly or unwillingly. The story is set in a place connecting present times and the past, the characters present and those disappeared, the living and the dead. Myths and legends determine the lives of the characters of the series "Debt to the Sea" in a specific way, and their interconnected complex destinies are told in a mystic atmosphere. Is the legend about the sea taking human offerings true? Are only the two stones with the same sign carved in them to be blamed for all the events, or are the reasons hidden among people and their secrets? Bojana Maljevic Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In our coastal village, lives Perisa, owner of a restaurant with a tumultuous past. Perisa's wife, Svetlana, disappeared under mysterious circumstances, which is why he raises by himself his daughter Olga, who is trying to find her mother. Olga is in love with Rnjo, a guy raised by his grandmother, after his mother had hanged herself. Perisa is against this relationship, forcing Olga to go back to studies in Belgrade. Things get complicated with a sudden arrival of Milutin, who demands that Perisa repays his debt to him ahead of time. And Milutin is, the whole village knows it, is a monster: in his youth, he permanently crippled a child, Zejo, Pop's son. Upset, Perisa tries to resolve the problem of his rebellious daughter with the help of his sister, Mariska. Mariska helps her brother, also by searching for the culprit of the unresolved murder of her husband Mikan. Olga goes to Belgrade, but there, drama just continues and gets bigger... The story opens when a group of Belgrade archaeologists explore the forgotten excavations on the peninsula, while at the same time, a mysterious stranger, Djordje, arrives to their village. Their arrivals trigger a series of dramatic events and conflicts. Djordje also brings a secret of a wooden box that belonged to Olga's mother. We follow family, parental, love, friendship and other relations, through the intertwining of the present and the past. We discover even those things about our protagonists that they themselves weren't aware of... Is the legend about the sea taking human offerings true? Are the two stones with the same sign of the Slavic deity Svarog carved in them to be blamed for all the events, or are the reasons hidden among people who are unaware of their mutual dark secret? An air of mysticism intertwines with human drama of our protagonists, who will, in search of love and answers, first have to face themselves. 