 Two of Us (2019)44) Pensioners Nina and Madeleine have hidden their deep and passionate love for many decades, but their bond is put to the test when they are suddenly unable to move freely between each other's apartments. Nina and Madeleine, two retired women, are secretly deeply in love for decades. From everybody's point of view, including Madeleine's family, they are simply neighbors living on the top floor of their building. They come and go between their two apartments, sharing the tender delights of everyday life together. Until the day their relationship is turned upside down by an unexpected event leading Madeleine's daughter to slowly unveil the truth about them. Paprika Films Pensioners Nina ( Barbara Sukowa ) and Madeleine ( Martine Chevallier ) have hidden their deep and passionate love for many decades. From the point of view of those surrounding them, including Madeleine's meddling daughter ( La Drucker ), they are simply two neighbors sharing a hallway during their sunset years. In reality, this landing is a bridge between two worlds: one belonging to a widowed, doting grandmother, the other to a free-spirited woman who longs to spend her life with the person she loves. Clandestinely, Nina and Madeleine share a tender life, moving freely between their apartments until an unexpected event closes the portal. But their secret cannot remain hidden if they are to stay together - and their unconditional love is put to the test. Toronto International Film Festival Passionately, desperately, and secretly in love with each other, the silent companions, the grizzled, soft-spoken mother of two, Madeleine, and her fiercely independent next-door neighbour, Nina, have been harbouring the same secret for more than two long and challenging decades. Under everyone's noses, Nina and Madeleine have managed to build a beautiful, memory-laden life together until, one day, cruel fate strikes, and what used to be, is no more. Suddenly, a new and harsh reality cuts Nina out of Madeleine's life, and it seems that there is not much she can do. Now, the sun has dimmed, and the birds don't sing. But, if you love me, I fear nothing. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 