 Malang (2020)Summaries Advait visits Goa where he meets Sara, a free-spirited girl who lives life unshackled. Opposites attract and all goes well until life turns upside down. Years later, Advait is on a killing spree with cops Aghase and Michael in his way. Advait (Aditya Roy Kapoor), a young introvert, visits Goa where he meets Sara (Disha Patani), a free-spirited girl from London who has come to India for the first time to live life unshackled, like a vagabond (Malang). Extreme opposites of each other, they both live it up together. All goes well until life turns upside down. Five years later, this incident circles back to SHO Agashe (Anil Kapoor), vigilante killer cop and Michael Rodrigues (Kunal Kemmu), a righteous cop. What is the connection between Advait, Sara, Agashe and Michael? Malang answers all these questions. A young convict is released from jail after 5 years who calls up a rugged-drug addict cop Agashe and informs him about whereabouts of how a cop is going to be murdered but still Agashe cant save him.Michael Rodrigues colleague of Agashe finds that murder victim is his friend Victor he wants to arrest the killer but Agashe wants him dead as he is known to kill such criminals and show as encounter.The young man is reveled to be Advait who came to Goa five years back and met Sara where both fell in love and lived life of vagabonds.But Sara decided to give that life when she found she was pregnant while Advait left her but returned soon to start a family.In present times Advait kills two more cops who were friends of Michael where Michael traces Jesse a drug addict prostitute and friend of Advait who helps him in murders.Michael enters Jesse's room where she is destroying all the evidence and notices that he could be the next victim.Advait then surrenders to Agashe which revels about what happened to him and Sarah five years back and their connection with Michael. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 